Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6309 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 2015 No. 141 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
September 29, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVEN M. 
PALAZZO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
UNITED NATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
yesterday, we witnessed thugs, tyrants, and dictators from Russia, Iran, and Cuba speak before the General Assem-bly at the United Nations; and with straight faces, each claimed to be de-fenders of peace, of international standards, of human rights, principles that Putin, Rouhani, and Castro have made a living out of ignoring and abus-ing to the detriment of the people who live under their oppressive rule. President Obama had an opportunity 
to set the tone, to call for reforms at the badly mismanaged United Nations, to challenge the status quo and rees-tablish America’s leadership and credi-bility. Instead, he used it as an oppor-tunity to pay lip service to American ideals and values and to abdicate America’s role as a world leader, a void that is now being filled by our adver-saries like Russia, Iran, China, and Syria. 
The Russians continue their aggres-
sive actions in Ukraine and are now sending military hardware to the mur-derous Assad regime. Iran has had a record number of hangings since the so-called moderate leader, Rouhani, took office, and thousands of ethnic and religious minorities are imprisoned and sentenced to death. 
The President has done everything in 
his power not to upset the Iranians be-cause he doesn’t want to ruin the chance for a nuclear deal, a deal which will cause a nuclear and conventional arms race in the region, and his words yesterday proved to be empty rhetoric when matched to his policies and ac-tions in the past. 
Not to be outdone, Raul Castro dou-
bled down on his intransigence, further demonstrating that the Obama admin-istration offered concessions to the re-gime, which have resulted in even greater oppression by that hated Cuban dictatorship. But per usual with the President, it was the ‘‘blame America first’’ narrative that he was trying to peddle with his misguided policies to-ward Cuba. 
President Obama used this oppor-
tunity to undermine the United States Congress, and perhaps foreshadowing an eventual abstention on the U.N. vote on the Cuban embargo, he stated: 
I’m confident that our Congress will inevi-
tably lift an embargo that should not be in place anymore. 
President Obama failed once again to 
put the onus on the Castro regime to release all political prisoners, to hold 
free and fair elections, and to respect human rights in order for us to lift the embargo. The Cuban embargo language in the law is clear on all the condi-tions, Mr. Speaker, conditions that have to be met in order for it to be lift-ed, conditions that the Castro regime has no interest in abiding by. 
President Obama should stop ignor-
ing current law and stop loosening reg-ulations on a regime that has done nothing to deserve this praise. The Cas-tro regime is the one responsible for the human rights violations occurring in Cuba and the constant beatings against pro-democracy leaders. The U.S. embargo cannot be held respon-sible for that. 
Does Castro say: ‘‘Oh, I had to beat 
the very peaceful group Ladies in White walking to church because the embargo says I must beat their heads in?’’ Does Castro say: ‘‘Oh, I cannot have any political party operating in Cuba other than the Communist Party because the embargo has me, obligates me, to only have this political party operating?’’ Does he say: ‘‘I cannot re-spect human rights in Cuba because that nasty U.S. embargo forces me to violate human rights?’’ Of course not. That is lunacy. That is a responsibility that only Castro can claim. The Castro regime instead has done nothing— nada—to unclench its iron fist. 
Mr. Speaker, President Obama’s re-
marks yesterday at the U.N. made him part of the problem with what is wrong at that broken institution; and, once again, it highlighted that his misplaced priorities and misguided foreign poli-cies have not kept our country any safer. 
That is why it is up to us in Congress 
to be proactive and to push for reforms at the United Nations. That is why this week I am reintroducing my U.N. Transparency Accountability and Re-form Act. My bill would fundamentally change the way that we fund this failed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.000 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6310 September 29, 2015 
institution by shifting the funding 
mechanism from assessed to voluntary contributions in order to make the or-ganization more effective and account-able to its objectives. 
For example, the Human Rights 
Council does not deserve our assistance when countries like Cuba, China, Ven-ezuela, some of the world’s worst human rights violators, push a decid-edly anti-American, anti-Israel agenda at the Council. We should not fund these bodies at the U.N. We should only fund the ones that we believe are work-ing, the ones that are transparent, the ones who are accountable to the mem-ber states that donate their budgets. 
Mr. Speaker, the Obama administra-
tion has had 7 years to implement re-forms, and it has failed. It is time for Congress to take the lead, and I urge my colleagues to sign up to my bill this week. 
f 
LET STATES SET MARIJUANA 
POLICY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
amidst all the turmoil on the world stage, I think many of us are still proc-essing the visit from Pope Francis last week, his call for us to care for the planet, for our fellow man, for all of God’s creatures. 
In the background here on Capitol 
Hill, there is more than a little turmoil in terms of what is going to happen after the resignation of Speaker B
OEH-
NER. There looks to be a little good 
news that we will avert a government shutdown, at least for a few months, as we continue to have the misdirected crusade to defund Planned Parenthood. 
I have been focusing on the epidemic 
of deaths from prescription drug abuse and heroin overdoses. Mr. Speaker, it is something that is creating problems from Portland, Oregon, to Portland, Maine; yet, in the midst of that epi-demic, there was a stark symbol of our dysfunction on something that most Americans now think should be legal. 
There are over 200 million Americans 
that live in States where they can get access to medical marijuana. Four States and the District of Columbia have legalized adult use, and more States are going to be voting on it again this year; yet we have arrested over 7 million people over the last 10 years, costing billions of dollars. 
It can turn lives upside down, par-
ticularly lives of young men of color, especially African Americans, who are arrested many times more often even though their use is the same as White young men. It fuels that frustration that one can understand in the African American community. 
I would suggest that it is time for us 
to focus law enforcement resources on real drug problems, deal with that epi-demic of prescription drug abuse and heroin overdose. Let’s deal with mak-ing sure that our children are safe 
rather than at risk from a vast under-ground drug distribution network. 
accounts, so this is an attractive 
source of revenue for people who would like to rob them. 
Let’s let the States make their own 
policy until we reclassify marijuana, frankly, no less dangerous than to-bacco, which is completely legal in every State. In the meantime, we should at least stay out of the way, let States formulate their own policy, and have local authorities deal with real problems, not creating unnecessary ones. 
f 
CALIFORNIA’S DROUGHT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, for 
many in California, including my own family and my neighbors, it is an excit-ing time this year. This is harvest time. Busy, but again, a very enjoyable time we all look forward to as farmers and ranchers. You see more combines, shakers, and sweepers running from sunrise to sunset working to fill the next truckload with this season’s crops. And you see the men and women responsible for producing nearly half of all U.S.-grown vegetables, nuts, and fruits. 
But this year’s harvest in the north 
State paints a much different picture, one with fallowing fields, wells that are going dry, and less and less truckloads of crops leaving those farms. As a farmer myself, we know it is the last truckload that leaves the field that is the one you make your living on. 
From the grapes in world-renowned 
wines to almonds and pistachios, ex-ports are down and production is lower, causing a troubling ripple effect in the region and across our Nation’s econ-omy in the form of lost jobs and rev-enue and less choices for high-quality crops grown by Americans for our American consumers. 
The numbers for this year are with-
out a doubt very troubling. On-farm gate prices are down, and farm yields per acre are down. According to a re-cent UC Davis study, just California alone is set to lose about $2.7 billion due to the drought. Farm employment is down by over 10,000 jobs this year, as well as the 21,000 or so indirect jobs that will also be lost by those involved in the production and processing of farm crops. 
Labor income is estimated to fall by 
at least $716 million, being replaced by an already troubled and strapped un-employment. Direct crop revenue losses are going to be up to $900 mil-lion, straight out of grower’s pockets. In addition, the rice harvest is ex-pected to cover only 375,000 acres, down from a peak number of 560,000 acres. The almond supply is expected to de-crease by 4 percent, potentially losing market share to foreign interests. Cali-fornia dairy production is down by at 
least 3 percent, costing an estimated $250 million, a number that has shown significant increases in other States as well this year. Alfalfa hay shipments are significantly lower than last year, and the livestock industry faces losses of an estimated $100 million in order to replace it. 
Mr. Speaker, these are real numbers 
that are only set to get worse. We can-not simply stand by and watch as farm-ers, ranchers, small town economies, and ag employees face more water ra-tioning and fallowed fields. 
California and the West cannot afford 
another year of inaction from Con-gress. I rise today to urge my col-leagues from both sides of the aisle in both House and Senate to come to the table and advance commonsense drought solutions, such as new water storage and infrastructure, to provide relief now and in the future such as Sites Reservoir up in northern Cali-fornia and desalination projects for our cities. Let’s get them permitted, let’s get them approved and in the pipeline. We can’t wait any longer. We need these reforms, indeed, now and for the future. Our State is growing, the popu-lation is growing, and we grow the fin-est and best crops and export them not only to the rest of the country, but to much of the world. 
Mr. Speaker, not doing anything now 
or this year is a dereliction of our re-sponsibility and betrays Americans who expect us to provide the products they consume and enjoy these fine ag products that, indeed, give America the reputation as being the breadbasket of the world. 
f 
b1015 
END HUNGER NOW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, while 
there is talk of a 2-month spending bill to keep the government open before time runs out this week, we have yet to see it. Passing a short-term bill will only postpone a Republican shutdown, not stop it. As long as it remains a pos-sibility, we need to talk about the cost to everyday families. 
Unlike the last Republican shutdown 
in 2013, closing the government’s doors this time around means millions and millions of Americans may be cut off from their Federal food assistance ben-efits. 
Forty-five million Americans rely on 
the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, to help put food on the table. SNAP is our Nation’s pre-mier antihunger program, and it is one of the most effective and efficient of any Federal programs. 
Two-thirds of all SNAP recipients are 
the most vulnerable among us: chil-dren, seniors, and the disabled. Mil-lions more are working families who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.002 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6311 September 29, 2015 
may be working one, two, or three jobs 
just to make ends meet, and sometimes it is still not enough. SNAP is a crit-ical program that millions of Ameri-cans depend on to keep from going hun-gry. 
Mr. Speaker, during the last Repub-
lican shutdown in 2013, SNAP had con-tingency funds available from the stimulus law that meant SNAP bene-fits continued uninterrupted. But stim-ulus funding was cut off in November of 2013. So this time around there is no back-up plan for SNAP. 
Current law prevents the U.S. De-
partment of Agriculture from spending SNAP money it doesn’t have. Without congressional action, USDA will be forced to shut off retailers from accept-ing SNAP benefits within the first few days of October. 
That means families won’t be able to 
use their SNAP benefits to purchase food at any store that normally ac-cepts SNAP, including grocery stores, big-box retailers, and corner stores. 
Mr. Speaker, it is unfathomable to 
me that this would happen, that Re-publicans would threaten the food ben-efits of tens of millions of American children, families, and seniors, all just to score political points with their right-wing base. Whether Republicans shut down the government this week or in December, it is unacceptable to leave struggling families out in the cold. 
As our economy continues to recover, 
I would remind my colleagues that SNAP is one of the quickest, most ef-fective economic multipliers we have. Every $1 in SNAP benefits generates about $1.70 in economic activity. 
About 80 percent of SNAP benefits 
are redeemed within 2 weeks of receipt, and about 97 percent are spent within a month. Every day SNAP pumps money back into our local economies and sup-ports local businesses. 
SNAP benefits can only be spent on 
food, meaning that a family can use its other income to meet its other essen-tial needs, like paying rent, utilities, and medical care. 
Mr. Speaker, not only would a gov-
ernment shutdown have a devastating impact on hungry families, it has the potential to result in serious economic harm to retailers that could ripple throughout our economy. 
Already food banks, food pantries, 
and soup kitchens are bracing to serve an influx of clients if SNAP benefits are cut off. But despite the incredible work they do, these charities are al-ready overburdened. The demand for food assistance is incredibly high. 
They are working tirelessly every 
day to meet the need, and charities are already forced to pick up the slack from an inadequate SNAP benefit. All too often the benefit runs out before the end of the month and families must turn to charities just to cobble to-gether enough to eat. 
I cannot begin to imagine how over-
whelmed antihunger agencies will be if millions of Americans lose access to SNAP next month or the month after. 
Unfortunately, in a Republican-con-trolled Congress with the habit of going from one crisis to the next, this scenario is all too realistic. 
A government shutdown would lit-
erally take food away from hungry Americans. It would be devastating for millions of Americans that are already struggling to put food on the table and make ends meet. Families who rely on SNAP cannot afford to have their food benefits disrupted even for a day. 
Mr. Speaker, we should be working to 
end hunger now, not making hunger worse in this country, the richest coun-try in the world. Quite frankly, it is unconscionable we are even in a situa-tion where millions of hungry people are at risk of losing their food benefit. 
Last week Pope Francis delivered an 
inspiring message to Congress. It is un-thinkable that we could so quickly for-get his call for compassion in helping the least among us. For millions of American families who are already struggling to put food on the table, we should be giving them a hand up, not taking food away. 
Nobody in this Chamber will go with-
out food if the Republicans shut down the government. None of our kids will go without food, but millions and mil-lions of our fellow citizens will. 
For the sake of 45 million Americans 
across the country and more than 700,000 in Massachusetts who depend on SNAP, I urge my Republican col-leagues to work with Democrats on a long-term, bipartisan budget that puts families first. Families who rely on SNAP shouldn’t have to worry about losing their benefits at the end of every short-term funding bill. 
Whether it is this week or in Decem-
ber, our most vulnerable families sim-ply cannot afford another government shutdown. 
f 
SPRUCE KNOB-SENECA ROCKS 
NATIONAL RECREATION AREA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to take the time to recognize Spruce Knob-Seneca Rocks on their 50th year as a national recreation area. 
Spruce Knob-Seneca Rocks National 
Recreation Area was established by an act of Congress on September 28, 1965, and has been enjoyed by families from all over the country ever since. 
It is located in Pendleton County in 
the eastern panhandle area of my dis-trict in West Virginia. I was lucky enough to have had the privilege to visit just last month. 
As the only true peak on the East 
Coast of the United States, it lures rock climbers from all around and boasts some of the most spectacular scenery on this side of the Mississippi. 
Let me tell you, it is even more beau-
tiful in person. Don’t take my word for it, though. I encourage everyone to 
plan a trip to this national treasure. 
LIFE AT CONCEPTION ACT  
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to take the time to recognize the historic event that took place last week. On September 24, 2015, his Holiness Pope Francis became the first Pope to ever address Congress. 
I would like to thank all that were 
involved in this planning process that led to this significant event, especially Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER . It was truly an 
honor to take part in the first papal address to Congress. 
Pope Francis’ message was one of 
hope and love, and it reminded us that we need to keep fighting for the sanc-tity of life, marriage, family, and reli-gious liberty. 
Pope Francis clearly stated that 
there is a moral obligation to protect unborn babies. Protecting the unborn is one of the issues that compelled me to run for political office in the first place, and I am committed to con-tinuing to fight in Congress. 
During his address, the Pope said: 
The Golden Rule also reminds us of our re-
sponsibility to protect and defend human life at every stage of its development. I am con-vinced that this is the best way, since every life is sacred, every human person is endowed with an inalienable dignity. 
I am proud to be the lead sponsor of 
H.R. 816, the Life at Conception Act. The Life at Conception Act is a nec-essary component in the long-term pro-tection of the unborn. In the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, the Supreme Court justices wrote that, since the beginning of life is not defined by law, it is open to interpretation. 
The Life at Conception Act simply 
defines by Congress that the life of a child begins at conception. Estab-lishing personhood will protect the right to life of unborn children who are the most defenseless among us and need our protection. 
This bill sets a standard for pro-
moting and encouraging a culture of life. If enacted, it would simply affirm that unborn children are deserving of protection. 
We currently have 122 cosponsors of 
this important bill. I encourage my colleagues in the House to cosponsor as well. 
f 
BIPARTISAN BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, this Con-
gress is making a habit, unfortunately, of acting in crisis mode, which is irre-sponsible and does a disservice to the fate and the trust that the American public has placed in us as their elected representatives, and this has a direct bearing on our economy. The Pope spoke to the need for us to come to-gether and negotiate bipartisan solu-tions for the many challenges facing the United States and the world. 
The first and most pressing issue is 
to fund government. Thankfully, to-morrow the House is expected to vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.004 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6312 September 29, 2015 
on a short-term continuing resolution 
to do just that. I hope my colleagues will vote in favor of a clean continuing resolution to avert a government shut-down. There is no justification to shut down government. Yes, we have our differences. We negotiate that in a budget process. 
However, we know that this is a 
short-term fix and that a real solution to fixing our Nation’s very real and very serious budget problems is in pro-ducing a long-term budget, and we should do that in December. 
Instead of moving from one crisis to 
another crisis, we must get back to the work of governing responsibly. Respon-sible governance requires that we come together, work hard, compromise on a bipartisan budget that will not result in poorly thought-out, across-the-board spending cuts, more commonly known as sequestration. 
Failing to govern responsibly and 
compromise will negatively impact in-dustries so vital to America. That in-cludes our agriculture economy, which provides the food that we eat on Amer-ica’s dinner table. It includes manufac-turing and service industries that pro-vide goods and services that we trade. 
Finally, it will severely impact some 
programs that support our Nation’s fu-ture, like health care, education, pub-lic safety, and research and develop-ment, costing billions of dollars and thousands of jobs. 
In addition to negotiating a bipar-
tisan budget agreement, we need to ad-dress the impacts of sequestration and the Congress must address the debt ceiling this December without fanfare that could further throw our economy into chaos. 
If the United States were to default 
on its loans or fail to live up to our promises to those of retirement age, it would send our economy in a downward spiral just at the time that we are fi-nally recovering from this Great Reces-sion. 
Unfortunately, not all the areas of 
the United States are feeling the recov-ery’s effects equally. In the San Joa-quin Valley that I represent, many of my constituents are still feeling the ef-fects of the recession, in addition to the unnecessary impacts of our failure to invest in infrastructure, our water infrastructure that we terribly need to invest in as well as our transportation infrastructure. 
Vital programs, like the Ex-Im Bank, 
the highway trust fund, the Land and Water Conservation Fund, have either expired or will soon expire. The Export- Import Bank’s charter which was cre-ated has sustained 1
1⁄2million private 
sector jobs and expired June 30. 
By refusing to bring up the reauthor-
ization of the Bank for a vote, Amer-ican jobs are being threatened and Con-gress is undermining the ability of American businesses to compete in a global market. 
The highway trust fund is set to ex-
pire on October 29. Our Nation’s roads, bridges, highways, and railroads are out of date and are in dire need of re-
pair. I have never seen a bridge or road that is Republican or Democrat. This is just investing in America. 
A long-term transportation bill was 
last passed by Congress in 2009. Since then, Congress has had 34 short-term patches. That is simply irresponsible. This not only puts American’s safety at risk, but completely undermines our ability to create and sustain American jobs by investing in our infrastructure. 
Congress must act to work on a bi-
partisan basis to reauthorize these pro-grams and countless other Federal pro-
grams that are set to expire not only this week, but in December, when we address long-term funding for the next fiscal year. Otherwise, there will be an-other threat to shut down government in December. It is irresponsible. 
Last week Pope Francis reminded us 
of our responsibilities, the better an-gels in all of us. He said, ‘‘A good polit-ical leader is one who, with the inter-ests of all in mind, seizes the moment in a spirit of openness and pragmatism. A good political leader always opts to initiate processes rather than simply possessing spaces.’’ 
b1030 
Therefore, the question we should be 
asking: Are we simply possessing spaces or are we trying to find together the common good for the common man, as Pope Francis suggested? 
I hope his spiritual guidance will 
allow us to work together to do what we were sent here to do, which is the people’s work. That is what we were sent here to do on behalf of all Ameri-cans. 
f 
AGRICULTURE HAS A BRIGHT 
FUTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of two Future Farmers of America teams from my district after they placed first and second at a national competition this past weekend. 
The competition, known as ‘‘The Big 
E,’’ hosts teams from schools from the East Coast and the Mid-Atlantic re-gions which compete in a wide variety of categories, including poultry science, equine events, dairy science, and much more. 
A team from Bellefonte, Pennsyl-
vania, Centre County, placed first in the poultry science career development event and was responsible for judging the birds and rating their quality along with other criteria. 
The second team, from the Central 
Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology in Pleasant Gap, Pennsyl-vania, Centre County, placed second in the nursery and landscaping division. They were tasked with designing and selling a landscaping plan. The team is now working on a landscape project for Pennsylvania’s farm show in January. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate 
the accomplishments of these future farmers and also recognize the impor-tant work performed by the FFA. The success of these young people shows that the industry is in good hands and agriculture has a bright future. 
f 
PUT AN END TO TRAGIC AND 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, Members 
of the House, the foolish and wasteful squandering of Americans’ hard-earned taxpayer dollars are once again on dis-play in the war in the Middle East and in Syria. Before I get to my point, I want to remind my colleagues here that we spent $3 trillion on the war in Iraq. That is right, $3 trillion. Look where it has gotten us. 
I would like to remind my colleagues 
that for one of those trillion we could have graduated every college kid in America and vocational school kid in America debt free. Instead, we have saddled them with debt that is crip-pling their ability to get ahead and our economy to grow. 
It is no secret that bridges are falling 
down here in America and trains are coming off the rails. For one of those trillion dollars, we could have rebuilt our infrastructure and transportation system in this country, once again cre-ating good jobs and opportunities and laying the foundation for our economy to grow. 
For another trillion of those dollars, 
we could have given the American tax-payers a trillion-dollar tax break. Would they not have loved that and do they not need that? Instead, we are still looking at $2 trillion going for-ward in taking care of the men and women who served: the warriors, the patriots, the men and women who were willing to stand up and protect us, but who lost arms and lost legs and suf-fered severe brain injuries. Yes, that is right, $2 trillion going forward, tending to and caring for them. And that is a moral obligation that we are obligated to and must fulfill. 
Now to my point today. Last year the 
Congress authorized $500 million to be spent on training the so-called mod-erate Free Syrian rebels, and now we have learned that only a handful, like four to five, has shown up for duty, ac-cording to Lloyd Austin, the U.S. Cen-tral Commander for troops in the Mid-dle East. 
Back in June, Republican Congress-
man C
URT CLAWSON and I offered an 
amendment to the Defense Appropria-tions bill to stop funding this so-called Free Syrian rebel program. Why? Well, the hard, cold fact is that many of their leaders told us at the time that they would not use the money to fight 
and join us in the fight against ISIL. Now we ask the House not to appro-priate an additional $600 million, see-ing that the $500 million that was spent has already been wasted and misspent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.005 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6313 September 29, 2015 
Unfortunately, our colleagues at the 
time did not follow our bipartisan rec-ommendation on this important issue, and the House did go ahead and appro-priate an additional $600 million for that failed program. Now that we know only a handful are showing up for duty, it is not too late to stop this additional $600 million from going forward for this failed program. 
I am calling for the immediate re-
moval of that funding. After all, we did pass my amendment prohibiting Con-gress from funding so-called rebels where there was clear proof that the money was being misspent. Mr. Speak-er, the proof could not be more clear in this case. 
This isn’t about agreement or dis-
agreement with our involvement in these Middle East conflicts. This is about the tragic, foolish, senseless, wasteful squandering of $1.1 billion of hard-earned American taxpayers’ dol-lars. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. C
LAWSON and I both 
worked as businessmen for decades be-fore coming to the Congress. Anyone who knows anything about business can tell you this: No private sector company ever succeeded by spending huge amounts of money on employees who never showed up for work or, worse yet, turned their allegiances to an opposition or a competitive com-pany. That is no way to run a business, that is no way to govern, and it is cer-tainly no way to win a war. 
I plead with my colleagues to come 
to their bipartisan senses, join Mr. C
LAWSON and me, and help us put an 
end to this tragic and wasteful spend-ing of hard-earned American taxpayer dollars. The American taxpayers are counting on us. Let’s not disappoint them. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 37 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Pastor Kevin Myers, 12Stone Church, 
Lawrenceville, Georgia, offered the fol-lowing prayer: 
God, You invite us to come to You as 
our Heavenly Father. And we know that if You kept a record of our wrongs, none of us would stand a chance. But with You there is forgive-ness, so we are eternally grateful. 
And beyond Your gift of forgiveness, 
we need Your wisdom under pressure. Leadership pressure strains our mar-
riage and family. Would You give us grace to love our spouse, wisdom to make time for family, and keep no record of wrongs. The stress of political leadership can tempt us to sweep aside our convictions. Give us wisdom and grace to lead with courage. 
The problems in our Nation and 
pressing decisions can divide us beyond reason. Would You give us discernment beyond ourselves for the sake of our country. May we act justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with You, our God. 
In Jesus name, amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Florida (Mr. J OLLY ) come forward 
and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. 
Mr. JOLLY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING PASTOR KEVIN 
MYERS 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I tell 
my colleagues we had the great honor of the opening prayer today by Kevin Myers, who is one of my constituents in the great State of Georgia. 
I don’t want to tell you about every-
thing he has done. I want to tell you a little bit, though, about who he is be-cause he represents those folks that I have the honor of serving. 
Pastor Kevin Myers and his new 
bride sold everything they owned and moved down to Georgia to plant their first church. God called him to do that. He is obedient. 
Faced with trying to build that 
church from scratch, it was in an old movie theater just outside of where I call home. Sixty-nine people showed up on that very first day. That movie the-ater has now come and gone in our great State of Georgia, but the church remains. But through those dark times, he was faithful. 
There are now 17,000 men and women 
who call that church their faith home, 12Stone Church. And every single one of those godly families loves on our community because of the love and faithfulness that Kevin inspires. 
We are all honored to serve the men 
and women that elect us to this office. I want you to know that I am honored 
to serve the godly folks of 12Stone Church and all of Gwinnett and Forsyth Counties. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
FOXX). The Chair will entertain up to 
15 further requests for 1-minute speech-es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
U.S. ARMY MAJOR GENERAL 
BRYAN KELLY 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize someone who has dedicated 26 years of his life to ensur-ing the health of our U.S. Army reserv-ists, a man who has devoted his life to helping others, U.S. Army Major Gen-eral Bryan Kelly, who retired as com-manding general of the Army Reserve Medical Command in Pinellas Park, Florida, on September 26. 
General Kelly’s military career began 
when he received a direct commission into the U.S. Army Reserves after graduating magna cum laude from Bos-ton College, where he earned a Master of Arts and a doctorate in psychology. 
During his service to our country, 
General Kelly has served in the 883 Medical Company and the 804. He has been deployed to Iraq, where he served as the commander of the 399 Combat Support Hospital. And since 2012, Gen-eral Kelly has served as the com-mander of the Army Reserve Medical Command. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to join me in thanking Major General Bryan Kelly for his 26 years of service and for the positive impact he has had, both on his community and the many men and women who serve in our military today. 
I also rise to recognize and thank his 
wife of 35 years, Denise, and his two daughters, Kristina and Michelle, for their support during his service. 
f 
VA CHILDCARE PILOT PROGRAM 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Madam Speaker, a De-
partment of Veterans Affairs survey found that over 10 percent of our vet-erans had to cancel VA medical ap-pointments due to lack of child care. 
Today, the House will consider H.R. 
3596, which will extend the VA childcare pilot program that is sched-uled to expire this year. 
This initiative has been a tremen-
dous success in western New York. Last year, more than 1,300 children vis-ited Kids Korner at the Buffalo VA Medical Center, helping hundreds of veterans keep their appointments. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.007 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6314 September 29, 2015 
program has been especially useful in 
the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder, which requires regular coun-seling and recurring follow-up appoint-ments. 
While I am grateful that Kids Korner 
will be extended for another year, Con-gress should do more. I urge my col-leagues to support legislation intro-duced by Congresswoman J
ULIA 
BROWNLEY to make the program per-
manent and allow VA hospitals across the country to establish similar pro-grams for veterans that they serve. Making child care available to patients who need it is a cost-effective way to improve health outcomes for veterans to whom we owe so much. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRANIAN 
TERRORISM ACT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, it is 
no secret that Iran has been one of the leading sponsors of terrorism in the world for decades and that I am strong-ly opposed to the Iran nuclear deal. 
Hundreds of Americans have been 
killed by terrorist attacks that were sponsored or financed by Iran. U.S. courts have ruled against Iran in more 
than 80 cases, holding Iran responsible for nearly $45 billion in damages. 
The first thing, before any agreement 
would ever happen, is that we should make sure that Iran—out of that $150 billion of possible sanctions relief, we should demand that American families who lost a loved one at the hands of Iranian terrorism receive the damages they are owed. We cannot fail these American families. Yet Obama’s ad-ministration is prepared to unfreeze up to $150 billion of these assets that will help finance Iran’s continued terror at-tacks. 
I am proud to cosponsor the legisla-
tion by the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. M
EEHAN ), H.R. 3457, the Jus-
tice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, which keeps Iran’s sanctions in place until Iran has at least paid the damages that it owes American fami-lies. 
Madam Speaker, this is the very 
least we can do on a bad deal. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Madam Speaker, the 
right to choice, the right for a woman to have control of her own body is guaranteed by the Constitution and has been for 40 years. Defunding Planned Parenthood will not change that. Instead, defunding Planned Par-enthood would lead to a decrease in ac-cess to contraception and an increase in unplanned pregnancies. 
With 40 percent of unplanned preg-
nancies ending in abortion, defunding Planned Parenthood would inevitably 
result in more abortions, not fewer. If you really want to reduce the number of abortions, you should be lobbying to increase funding for Planned Parent-hood and other organizations that pro-vide safe and effective birth control. 
So let’s fund Planned Parenthood, 
keep our government open, and move on to more pressing issues for the American people. 
f 
NATIONAL RICE MONTH 
(Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to join with America’s rice farm-ers and families in celebrating the month of September as National Rice Month. It has been 25 years since Sep-tember was first dedicated as National Rice Month. 
So on this silver anniversary, I want 
to pay a special tribute to the hard-working men and women who produce rice on their family farms. I would also like to recognize all those who mill and market rice, all the suppliers and buy-ers and, of course, all of the consumers who make rice an essential part of their diet. 
Rice farming in America actually 
predates this Nation’s independence, beginning almost 300 years ago. Today, America’s rice industry creates 125,000 good-paying jobs and contributes an es-timated $34 billion to our Nation’s economy. 
Nine million tons of rice are grown 
each year by family farmers on more than 2.7 million acres of land, predomi-nantly in Louisiana, Arkansas, Mis-sissippi, Missouri, California, and Texas. While these six States produce the lion’s share of rice in America, there is also rice production in other States, like Illinois and Tennessee. In fact, the rice industry reaches every State in the Nation, especially those States with cereal makers, breweries, and other foodmakers that use rice as a key ingredient. 
I ask my colleagues to support me in 
recognizing September as National Rice Month. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I am here 
because I stand with the majority of Americans who support Planned Par-enthood and the lifesaving preventa-tive healthcare services that they pro-vide each year to millions of women, to men, to families all across this coun-try. In fact, a new poll shows that near-ly 7 in 10 Americans, 69 percent, oppose shutting down the Federal Government as a means of defunding Planned Par-enthood. Shutting down the govern-ment, we know, puts this American economy at risk, and it is no way to govern. But there is only 1 legislative day 
left before another GOP-engineered shutdown. Republicans are so focused on defunding Planned Parenthood, in fact, they are so focused on fighting one another, that they can’t fight for hardworking Americans who are sim-ply looking for their government to ad-dress the problems and concerns and the priorities that the American people sent us here to address. 
Americans overwhelmingly want 
both parties to work together, to find solutions to the big problems we face in this country. I call on this Congress to set aside these petty fights and get to the work that the American people sent us here to do. 
f 
CLEAN NUCLEAR ENERGY 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, back home 
in Georgia’s 12th Congressional Dis-trict, I have had the opportunity to visit Southern Company’s Plant Vogtle in Waynesboro many times. I am ex-tremely excited to see the progress of construction of Vogtle reactors 3 and 4, the Nation’s first new nuclear reactors in 30 years. I look forward to the clean energy and job opportunities they will provide for our State and the entire Southeast. 
My district is proud to be the home 
of every nuclear reactor in the State, including two at Plant Vogtle, two at Plant Hatch in Appling County, and two in construction at Plant Vogtle. 
Nuclear energy plays an important 
role in Georgia’s energy portfolio and accounts for nearly a third of all power generated. Nuclear energy facilities across Georgia employ more than 4,000 highly skilled employees and play a vital role in our State and local econ-omy. 
Nuclear energy produces 91 percent of 
Georgia’s emission-free electricity and is the only clean air source that can produce large amounts of electricity around the clock. 
As the proud grandfather of Elsie 
Louise Allen, born at 10:45 a.m. this morning, I support clean nuclear en-ergy and support the great work being done at Plant Vogtle and Plant Hatch on behalf of our children and grand-children and their future energy needs. 
f 
b1215 
THE POPE’S ADDRESS TO 
CONGRESS 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to first thank Speaker B
OEHNER for in-
viting Pope Francis to be the first Pope to ever address a joint session of Con-gress in his visit to the United States last week. 
I know that I was not the only Mem-
ber of Congress who was deeply moved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.009 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6315 September 29, 2015 
by Pope Francis’ address. His message 
was simple and honest. It crossed reli-gious and political divides. He chal-lenged us to do better and even invoked Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He re-minded us that this Nation continues to be a land of dreams. 
Pope Francis has returned to the 
Vatican, and we must get back to work. But I hope that his message will stay with us a little longer. And we should follow the Golden Rule. Para-phrased, we should treat others like we would like to be treated. Not only should that apply to how we treat each other in the Halls of Congress, but also to how we address the bigger problems that this Nation is facing. 
From immigration reform to voting 
rights, each of us should place our-selves in the shoes of struggling fami-lies and work on the solution that is right for them and right for this coun-try. 
f 
SUICIDE PREVENTION 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, as this 
Suicide Prevention Month comes to a close, I believe it is crucial we remain 
committed to all suicide prevention ef-forts. We must continually ask our-selves: Are we doing enough when it comes to addressing mental health and suicide in our Nation? I don’t think so. 
As vice chairman of the Committee 
on Veterans’ Affairs, I know that this issue is especially important for our Nation’s heroes. Recent data has shown that every day in this country approxi-mately 18 to 22 veterans take their own lives. This statistic answers the ques-tion I posed earlier. It is obvious more needs to be done. 
My COVER Act addresses suicide pre-
vention for veterans by promoting ac-cess to better alternative complemen-tary mental health treatments. While traditional forms of therapy may work for some, tailoring therapies to the veteran and finding the balance be-tween traditional and complementary alternative treatments could be the difference in saving lives. 
The COVER Act passed the House 
several weeks ago. I encourage my Sen-ate colleagues to do the same in the Senate so we can get it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. 
f 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY TO THE 
NEA AND NEH 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to wish the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endow-ment for the Humanities a happy anni-versary, as both the NEA and NEH turn 50 years old today. 
As a Rhode Islander, I share a special 
connection with these agencies because both reflect the legacy of our late long- 
time senior Senator, Claiborne Pell. Senator Pell knew that art and culture were a vital part of our society because he grew up around the vibrant arts scene Rhode Island is justifiably known for. 
Today I know that Senator Pell 
would be proud of the legacy that he has left in our Nation and in his State. Whether it is the Providence Inter-national Arts Festival, which had a terrific inaugural year thanks to NEA support, or Cafe Recuerdos, an NEH- funded traditional Cuban coffee cart that serves as a forum for sharing sto-ries as part of Latino Americans: 500 Years of History or the numerous other arts and cultural organizations, insti-tutions, and events that were given birth because of the endowments, the endowments have been integral to our continued social and economic develop-ment. 
To the NEA and NEH, happy anniver-
sary. 
f 
CONGRATULATING EARLY 
COLLEGE OF FORSYTH 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate Early College of 
Forsyth, which was recently named one of America’s top high schools by Newsweek magazine. 
Established in 2008, Early College of 
Forsyth is a partnership between Win-ston-Salem/Forsyth County schools and Forsyth Technical Community College. The school provides a small learning community of students with the opportunity to earn both a high school diploma and an associate’s de-gree. By considering their learning needs and providing support services, every student is given the tools to excel in both high school and college courses. 
Early College of Forsyth provides an 
advanced educational experience that promotes independence, responsibility for learning, and community involve-ment. America needs more of this type of innovative learning that equips stu-dents for success in college, career, and life. 
f 
HONORING THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF NEA AND NEH 
(Mr. PRICE of North Carolina asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the 50th anniversary of the creation of the Na-tional Endowment for the Humanities and the National Endowment for the Arts. 
As a co-chair of the Congressional 
Humanities Caucus and a member of the Congressional Arts Caucus, I am proud to strongly support the impor-tant missions of these two agencies. 
The NEA partners with State arts 
agencies, local leaders, other Federal agencies, and the philanthropic sector 
to promote arts education and commu-nity access to the fine arts. 
The NEH remains the single most im-
portant source of Federal funding for research and scholarship in history, lit-erature, foreign languages, and other fields that provide us with invaluable ethical, cultural, and historical per-spectives. 
Both the NEA and the NEH merit in-
creased support. This investment is one of the most efficient we make in terms of leveraging private, nonprofit, and corporate dollars. These programs are critically important locally as well as nationally, and they are the foundation of an arts and humanities community that supports millions of jobs. 
Let’s honor this 50th anniversary by 
renewing our national commitment to the arts and the humanities and the many ways they enrich our lives. 
f 
HUNGER ACTION MONTH 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today during Hunger Action Month to discuss an issue that demands our im-mediate attention: hunger. 
My district—North Carolina’s 12th— 
ranks ninth in the Nation and first in the State for hunger. My hometown of Greensboro and High Point are first in the Nation for food insecurity. In May, I launched the Adams Hunger Initia-tive to draw greater attention to this issue and to foster bipartisan solutions. 
This week I am introducing a resolu-
tion to highlight the severity of the hunger crisis across our Nation and to recognize the role critical programs like SNAP and others play in helping families put food on the table and to call on Congress to strengthen these programs and streamline requirements for afterschool and summer meals pro-grams. 
Mr. Speaker, if the government shuts 
down on Thursday, the SNAP program won’t have enough to cover October benefits, impacting more than 65,000 people in my district and millions across the Nation. During Hunger Ac-tion Month, a time when we should be elevating and addressing this crisis, we are taking steps back. I call on my col-leagues to stand with our most vulner-able and keep our government running. 
f 
SALUTING THE EFFORTS OF 
FEEDING SOUTH FLORIDA 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
as the eighth annual Hunger Action Month comes to an end, I salute the ef-forts of Feeding South Florida for its year-round efforts to end hunger in our communities. 
For the past 8 years, we have dug our 
way out of a deep recession that turned once middle class families into people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.011 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6316 September 29, 2015 
who have less and already struggling 
families into have-nots. In Florida’s 24th Congressional District, more than 200,000 children are food-insecure and go to bed hungry. Overall, 23 percent of individuals are food-insecure. 
Feeding South Florida is a lifeline 
that runs food banks, a mobile food pantry that delivers fresh fruits and vegetables, a summer food service so students can continue to receive healthy meals when school is out of session, and a program that brings food to senior housing sites. 
Just last week in this very Chamber 
Pope Francis reminded us that the fight against poverty and hunger must be fought constantly and on many fronts. Feeding South Florida does that every day and deserves all the support we can muster. That is why I wear this orange adornment today, to honor the entire organization, adminis-tration, and workers, of Feeding South Florida. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HARRIS ) laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 29, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 29, 2015 at 9:27 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 599. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3495, WOMEN’S PUBLIC HEALTH AND SAFETY ACT, AND WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 444 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 444 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for great-er State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be 
considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. The requirement of clause 6(a) of 
rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of October 1, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Reso-
lution 444 provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
Over the past few months, extremely 
disturbing information has come to light about the activities of abortion providers and their sale of unborn chil-dren’s hearts and other organs for com-pensation. In light of those discoveries, we provide for consideration today of crucial legislation to ensure States are free to ensure their limited taxpayers’ dollars do not provide sustaining fund-ing to abortion providers whose activi-ties are found repugnant. 
H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health 
and Safety Act, allows States to make a decision identical to the one this House made earlier this month when we passed H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, which stopped the flow of taxpayer dollars to Planned Parenthood as investigations continue into its sale of unborn chil-dren’s parts. 
As my colleagues noted during de-
bate on H.R. 3134, arguments from the minority that this bill will prevent women from accessing health care ring hollow. We know that federally quali-fied health centers and rural health centers outnumber Planned Parent-hood clinics at a rate of 20 to 1. 
Of these over 13,000 federally quali-
fied health centers and rural health centers, women have access to any healthcare service provided by Planned Parenthood or other abortion providers with one obvious exception. Because they are federally funded, these true health centers do not perform abor-tions. Clearly, despite opponents’ best ef-
forts to argue otherwise, this bill does not deny healthcare services to women. It does allow States to decide whether their Medicaid funds should support a provider whose atrocities have shocked our national conscience and devalued human life. 
It is not surprising, though, that we 
are hearing these hollow arguments about access to healthcare services, as the political machinery of abortion providers has kicked into high gear with scare tactics to protect their busi-ness. Abortion is, after all, a business. Planned Parenthood is the single larg-est abortion business in the country. 
b1230 
Recently, they performed over 325,000 
abortions in 1 year. That is nearly 900 every day, at a rate of over 35 an hour. They are able to continue that activ-ity, in part, because Planned Parent-hood has received over $1 billion in 3 years from Medicaid alone. I have spo-ken previously on the floor about the absurdity of providing taxpayer funds to organizations that have had their willingness to accept compensation for the remains of unborn children exposed for all to see. 
Several States, including Louisiana, 
Arkansas, Alabama, and Indiana, have recognized that alarming truth and acted on their own to stop providing abortion providers with taxpayer dol-lars through Medicaid. Unfortunately, the Obama administration has forced those States to continue providing tax-payer dollars to abortion providers. 
Thankfully, when the Framers of our 
Constitution established our Nation, they saw fit to give States a right to determine their own affairs and the disposition of their citizens’ taxes. Today, we restore federalism to the Medicaid program and enable States to make their own choices on which Med-icaid providers to accept, allowing them to stop the flow of taxpayer dol-lars to organizations that accept com-pensation for the sale of well-developed unborn children’s hearts and bodies. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this rule 
and the underlying bill to my col-leagues for their support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for yielding the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. 
My friend, the gentlewoman from 
North Carolina, says that the minority speaks in a way that is hollow. I will tell you what is hollow: talk about reg-ular order in this institution. 
The general public may not know 
that there is a methodology that al-lows for all proceedings to go forward. Customarily, a measure of this kind would have had a committee hearing and a committee markup. It did not, and that is not regular order. 
Mr. Speaker, we are now less than 48 
hours away from another government shutdown, and instead of considering a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.012 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6317 September 29, 2015 
continuing resolution, we are debating 
legislation that will limit a woman’s access to health services and make it harder for Medicaid patients to obtain care. I wonder about States like Flor-ida and Texas that did not accept Med-icaid money under so-called ObamaCare having charge of Medicare and Medicaid. 
Like many of my colleagues, I am 
frustrated that we are again wasting precious time considering a bill crafted by ideological extremists, which, even in the unlikely event of Senate pas-sage, would be vetoed by the President. 
To be sure, this frustration isn’t lim-
ited to my friends on this side of the aisle. Just this week, the fight over defunding Planned Parenthood and similar scuffles facilitated by fringe elements of the Republican Party led to the resignation of the Speaker of the House. 
And on a personal note, I would like 
to thank the Speaker for his service and his forthright commentary regard-ing his leaving the House. In my judg-ment, he has done a credible job for this institution. He had people who would not let him do the things that were needed for all of us in this Nation. 
The Republican Conference is really 
divided so fervently that we can again expect the real threat of a government shutdown in December. All we are doing today, in the final analysis on that subject, whenever it comes up— and it may come up today and tomor-row—is to kick the can down the road again. The can ain’t got no more space for kicking. But we continue to do that, and this time until December, even if we are able to avoid the one currently looming over our heads. 
Mr. Speaker, current Federal law al-
ready denies Federal Medicaid cov-erage of abortion except in limited cir-cumstances, and Federal insurance coverage of an abortion is restricted. 
Instead of debating bills like the one 
before us today, we should be coming together to find a balanced and respon-sible way to fund the government, pass a budget that represents our constitu-ents’ priorities, and invest in this great country. 
H.R. 3495 seeks to amend title 19 of 
the Medicaid law to allow States to prevent qualified providers and institu-tions from participating in their Med-icaid programs without a showing of cause or due process if they have any involvement—underscore that, ‘‘any involvement’’—in abortions, a standard which has been left undefined and cer-tainly vague. 
Aptly termed the ‘‘free choice of pro-
vider’’ provision, title 19 currently mandates that Medicaid beneficiaries be permitted to obtain services from any qualified provider he or she choos-es and is implemented in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ free choice of provider regulation. This regulation also explicitly states that 
under no circumstance can the free choice of provider protection be com-promised with respect to providers of family planning services. In short, current Federal law was 
designated to guarantee that State Medicaid programs provide bene-ficiaries with the same basic oppor-tunity and rights to choose and receive covered healthcare services from any qualified provider in the same way as any member of the general population seeking healthcare services. The legis-lative language of this bill is so broad that, if enacted, it has the potential to have a devastating impact on patient access by giving States the ability to kick any provider out of Medicaid, in-cluding entire hospital systems, if that provider has even an attenuated con-nection to abortion services. 
For example, it is entirely possible 
that, under this bill, a hospital could be excluded from providing any and all services in Medicaid if an obstetrician with admitting privileges at the same hospital provides, or even provided in the past, abortions as a separate part of his or her practice. 
The American Congress of Obstetri-
cians and Gynecologists, an organiza-tion of over 57,000 physicians and part-ners in women’s health, have come out publicly against this legislation, as have the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. I will include those endorsements against this measure in the R
ECORD . 
THEAMERICAN CONGRESS OF OBSTE-
TRICIANS AND GYNECOLOGISTS , 
Washington, DC, September 28, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), representing 57,000 physicians and partners in women’s health, I urge you to vote NO on H.R. 3495, the Wom-en’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
This intentionally vague bill should not be 
enacted into law. In falling far short of any standard for sound federal health legislation and policy, it would serve only to scare pro-viders away from providing comprehensive, compassionate care to women, and leave women without the care they need. America needs more ob-gyns participating in the Medicaid program; this bill would do the op-posite. 
I urge you to vote NO on H.R. 3495 when it 
comes to the House floor. Don’t be fooled by the title of this bill. This legislation is noth-ing more than the latest in a string of at-tacks against women’s health. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARKS. D EFRANCESO , 
MD, MBA, FACOG, 
President. 
AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, 
Washington, DC, September 29, 2015. 
Vote ‘‘NO’’ on H.R. 3495 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), a nationwide organization with more than a million members, activists, and supporters that fights tirelessly to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties that the Constitution and the laws of the United States guarantee everyone in this country, we urge you to vote NO on Rep. Duffy’s bill, the misleadingly titled ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act.’’ (H.R. 3495). Because of the critical importance of the civil rights and civil liberties principles involved, we will score the vote. 
H.R. 3495 gives states virtually unchecked 
power to exclude women’s health care pro-viders from participation in Medicaid. It 
does so by undermining the longstanding free choice of provider provision which guar-antees patients the ability to seek health care services, and specifically family plan-ning services, from any qualified provider. This bill would allow states that are hostile to a woman’s right to abortion in general, and to Planned Parenthood in particular, to target women’s health providers for exclu-sion from Medicaid with impunity. In so doing, the bill forces doctors and organiza-tions to choose between providing a con-stitutionally-protected medical service that one in three women needs in her lifetime and providing other necessary health care serv-ices to low-income patients who already face a dearth of qualified and willing medical pro-fessionals. Mandating such a choice not only raises serious constitutional concerns, but also threatens to devastate access to care for millions of low-income women and men. 
As the latest component of the ongoing 
smear campaign against Planned Parent-hood, this bill particularly jeopardizes access to the high quality, affordable health care that Planned Parenthood health centers pro-vide. Planned Parenthood is a critical safe-ty-net provider. One in five women will visit a local Planned Parenthood health center during her lifetime, and many low-income 
women and women of color rely on Planned Parenthood as their primary health care pro-vider. Despite the fact that numerous inves-tigations have already cleared Planned Par-enthood of wrongdoing, opponents of safe, legal abortion continue to cite the decep-tively edited videos that misrepresent the organization’s fetal tissue donation practices as justification for legislation, like H.R. 3495, that would harm women’s health. 
H.R. 3495 would allow states to eliminate 
Planned Parenthood health centers from Medicaid without cause based solely on po-litical motivations, effectively denying ac-cess to vital preventive care services, includ-ing wellness exams, cancer screenings, STI testing and treatment, and contraception to many patients. Alabama, Arkansas, Lou-isiana, and Utah have all recently attempted to do this, despite warnings from the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services that doing so likely violates federal law by ille-gally restricting beneficiaries’ access to services. As defunding efforts in Texas and Indiana have demonstrated, eliminating Planned Parenthood as an option for those enrolled in public health care programs would leave a serious void that could simply not be filled by other health care providers. 
H.R. 3495 would give these states and oth-
ers that share this anti-women’s health agenda broad discretion to exclude any per-son, institution, agency or entity that ‘‘per-forms or participates in the performance of abortions’’ from participating in Medicaid. Not only would this mean that all such wom-en’s health providers could be cut out of the Medicaid program under this provision, but states could also attempt to use it to elimi-nate a wide range of other health care pro-viders, with serious consequences for low-in-come patients. For example, a hospital that provides emergency abortions to stabilize a women’s health, as required under federal law would be barred from Medicaid under H.R. 3495, leaving Medicaid patients without access to any care at that hospital. Simply put, this bill is extreme and would have a devastating impact on access to care. 
The ACLU opposes H.R. 3495 and urges all 
members of the House of Representatives to vote ‘‘No.’’ Should you have any questions, please contact Georgeanne Usova. 
Sincerely, 
K
ARIN JOHANSON , 
Director. 
GEORGEANNE M. U SOVA , 
Legislative Counsel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.015 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6318 September 29, 2015 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR  
THEADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE , 
Washington, DC, September 29, 2015. 
Re: NAACP Strong Opposition to H.R. 3495, a 
Bill to Prohibit Federal Funding to Pro-viders of Abortions, Including Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and most widely-recognized grassroots-based civil rights organization, I strongly urge you to oppose and vote against H.R. 3495, which would eliminate all federal funding to any agency which provides abortions to women, including Planned Parenthood and its affili-ates nation-wide. To ban all federal funding for Planned Parenthood and similar organi-zations would result in the elimination of a myriad of crucial and affordable health care services; for many in the communities we serve and represent, Planned Parenthood clinics represent the only health care serv-ices available. Furthermore, since a prohibi-tion on federal funding for abortions is al-ready in place, there is no justification for this reckless initiative. 
The NAACP policy agenda has never taken 
a position on abortions, neither in opposition nor support. We are, however, very cognizant and very appreciative of the wide range of health care services offered to the commu-nities we serve and represent by Planned Parenthood and its affiliates. The latest esti-mates indicate that Planned Parenthood serves over five million clients a year, and that 75% of their clients have incomes at or below 150 percent of the federal poverty level. Services provided at locations include screening for breast, cervical and testicular cancers; contraceptives; pregnancy testing and pregnancy options counseling; testing and treatment for sexually transmitted dis-eases; comprehensive sexuality education, menopause treatments; and vasectomies and tubal ligations. For many of Planned Parent-hood’s patients, the annual exams received at their facilities are the only access to health care they have. 
Thank you in advance for your attention 
to the position of the NAACP; H.R. 3495 is ex-treme and should be opposed. 
Sincerely, 
H
ILARY O. S HELTON ,
Director, NAACP Washington
Bureau & Senior Vice President
for Advocacy and Policy. 
Mr. HASTINGS. The American Con-
gress of Obstetricians and Gyne-cologists stated that the bill falls far short of any standard Federal health legislation policy, and insisted that ‘‘it would serve only to scare providers away from providing comprehensive, compassionate care to women, and leave women without the care they need.’’ Moreover, the group maintains this bill would prevent OB/GYNs from participating in the Medicaid program. 
The reality is over 90 percent of the 
services of Planned Parenthood and similar organizations are preventative in nature, including cancer screenings, testing for sexually transmitted infec-tions, and family planning services. 
Medicaid beneficiaries already have 
limited access to doctors, and this bill will only restrict access for the poorest individuals in our society. 
I said last night in the Rules Com-
mittee that wealthy women in our so-ciety don’t have the problem of seeing the doctor of their choice. Under this particular measure, poor women will be further restricted from having the ac-cess to a physician of their choice as a 
Medicaid provider. 
Knowing this, the title of the bill, 
the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, is as ironic as it is patronizing. H.R. 3495 will punish the most vulner-able Americans and will prevent women from accessing the care that keeps them safe and healthy. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I have heard the ques-
tion, Why haven’t you done this be-fore? Unfortunately, the full depths to which abortion providers have sunk was not previously public knowledge. The recent release of a number of hid-den camera videos exposing the painful dismemberment of unborn children to facilitate the sale of their body parts by Planned Parenthood has provided clear evidence that truly repugnant ac-tivities are rampant in the abortion in-dustry and that taxpayer support should never be provided to organiza-tions that participate in the trade of human tissue. 
One key Planned Parenthood abor-
tionist even said: ‘‘We’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, be-cause we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna to crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all in-tact.’’ 
In these days of 3–D ultrasounds and 
high-definition screens, it is impossible to hide the humanity of these child vic-tims. They have fingers and toes, heartbeats, and organs developed enough that tissue collectors will pay $60 a specimen for them. 
In light of the serious questions 
raised by these videos, the House Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, Ju-diciary, and Oversight and Government Reform have each launched investiga-tions. 
While Planned Parenthood does not 
receive direct Federal funding for abor-tions, these investigations are war-ranted, as a recent report from the Government Accountability Office shows that the organization receives an average of 500 million taxpayer dol-lars each year for other lines of busi-ness. Money is fungible, and the Fed-eral funds that Planned Parenthood re-ceives ultimately subsidize their abor-tion services. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why today’s leg-
islation is so important. In light of the atrocities uncovered in abortion facili-ties across the country, it is vital that States be empowered to choose to with-hold Medicaid funds from flowing to abortion providers that deliberately dismember unborn children to receive compensation for their organs and other body parts. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ), my good friend. b1245 
Ms. MATSUI. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 3495. This bill is misleadingly named the Women’s Pub-lic Health and Safety Act when, in fact, it puts women’s and men’s health at risk. 
This bill would allow States to block 
Planned Parenthood or any other health provider from Medicaid based on ‘‘involvement in abortions.’’ Now, mil-lions of American women and men de-pend on Planned Parenthood for essen-tial health care. 
The majority seems determined to 
take our Nation’s healthcare system backwards. Planned Parenthood uses Medicaid funding to provide services like cancer screening, access to contra-ception, and pre-conception counseling that helps women prepare for healthy pregnancies. 
Members of Congress should stop at-
tacking women’s ability to control their own health care. This bill dis-proportionately impacts low-income women and families and unfairly takes away one of their healthcare options. 
Congress needs to get back to doing 
our job and stop this attack on wom-en’s health. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
For those who complain that this bill 
isn’t properly named, let us not forget that at least half of the unborn chil-dren who are victims of abortion are fe-male who would grow up to be women. Far too many supporters of abortion on demand ignore that reality and the fact that many abortions are sex-selec-tion abortions. 
Until they confront that, how can 
they parse bill titles, particularly those that protect all existing funding for women’s health, while ensuring women and their children are not party to the sale of tiny hearts and organs for compensation? 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to my 
colleague from Maryland (Mr. H
ARRIS ). 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding the time. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill very simply al-
lows States to be partners in the Med-icaid program. The Medicaid program is a partnership between the Federal Government and the States, except too often Washington tells the States ex-actly what they have to do. 
This is one of those examples because 
this is not theoretical. There are two States that have attempted to defund with their use of taxpayer dollars in their States—these are not Federal tax dollars. They don’t want their State’s taxpayers dollars to fund Planned Par-enthood. Instead, they want to fund other women’s health services. They should be allowed to do that. 
Why should the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services demand that one particular institution get funds? 
Let’s talk about that institution. The 
gentleman from Florida says, oh, this is going to deny women health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.020 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6319 September 29, 2015 
Let me tell you who is denying 
women health care in my district, in rural Lower Eastern Shore. We had a Planned Parenthood in Salisbury. They closed up in April. On their Web site, they said: The center in Easton will be open Monday through Friday. You can just get your care there, our Planned Parenthood Center, which is about 45 minutes up the road. 
Mr. Speaker, just go on your tablet 
device and see what the hours at the Easton Planned Parenthood are that are supposed to develop this wonderful comprehensive health care to women in my district. 
Now, if you want to go today, you are 
out of luck. They are closed. Now, if you went yesterday, they were open for 7 hours, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. That is nice. I guess they are bankers’ hours. I guess we just assume that everybody is going to get their health care between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. So Monday they are open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday they are closed. 
Mr. Speaker, if one of the women in 
my Lower Shore want to go on Wednes-day, they are out of luck. They are closed. If they want to go on Thursday, they are in luck. They are open for 7
1⁄2 
hours, from 11 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. But if they want to go on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday, they are out of luck be-cause Planned Parenthood is closed. They are not delivering comprehensive services those days. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, as we know, 
Planned Parenthood doesn’t deliver comprehensive women’s health serv-ices. One of the most important serv-ices that you can deliver to a woman of child-bearing age is mammograms. 
Not a single Planned Parenthood fa-
cility in this entire country has a mammography machine. Now, how do you deliver a mammogram without a mammography machine? 
Mr. Speaker, it is an untruth. 
Planned Parenthood doesn’t do com-prehensive cancer screening. Because one of the most important screening techniques is mammography, and none of them can deliver it. 
Let’s contrast what the woman who 
is seeking comprehensive women’s health care on the Lower Eastern Shore in Maryland—what her alter-native is, because the gentleman from Florida mentions that our Medicaid pa-tients won’t be able to be seen if we pass this bill. 
The alternative is our Federally 
qualified health center, our community health center, called Three Lower Counties. Now, if you go to Three Lower Counties today, you are actually in luck because they are open from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. and they have a mam-mography machine as well as the en-tire range of comprehensive services, with one exception. They don’t do abortions. But, then again, the other Planned Parenthoods on the Eastern Shore of Maryland don’t do it either. 
So, in fact, if a woman who is on 
Medicaid really wants access to com-prehensive health care in my district, they have got to go past Planned Par-
enthood unless—well, that is not true. 
I guess, if Monday and Thursday they 
want their health care, they can go to Planned Parenthood. Tuesday, Wednes-day, Friday, Saturday, they can’t. 
But they could go to one of those at 
my community health center. In fact, nationwide there are only a little over 500 Planned Parenthood facilities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). The time of the gentleman 
has expired. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HARRIS. There are 13,000 com-
munity health centers, each of which has to have radiology facilities. That is how you get the Federal money. 
So, in fact, if we really want to let 
our States, by their choice—we are not forcing States. We are not saying that a State can’t fund Planned Parenthood. 
Look, I come from the State of Mary-
land. We will probably choose to do it. 
But a State that chooses not to 
should be given the option to tell their women: If you really want it, really want comprehensive care, well, go to one of the community health centers. That is all this bill does. 
This doesn’t limit care. This expands 
care because this tells women: You don’t have to go to the Monday-and Thursday-only clinic that can’t give you a mammogram. You can actually go get comprehensive care somewhere else, even if you are on Medicaid. 
My biggest objection—and the gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina hit it on the head—is look at what else Planned Parenthood does. They actu-ally—and, as a physician, I find this unbelievable. 
They will change the abortion tech-
nique in order to better harvest the fetal tissue that they can then sell. That should be so morally objection-able that we should allow States to limit that funding. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would just like to indicate to my 
friend from Maryland that, while there are 13,000 community health centers, many of them are overcrowded to begin with and can’t provide even the day-time that you mentioned in Salisbury, all the services for various commu-nities. 
But, more important, you are cor-
rect. Planned Parenthood does not do mammograms. But they did in the last year 500,000 breast screenings. I could offer up anecdotal information that al-lows—you can go downstairs right here to the House physician. The House phy-sician doesn’t provide all of the serv-ices, but refers you out to GW or to Walter Reed Bethesda. 
So referring out those women, if I 
were to pull up the anecdotal informa-tion of the number of women that did ultimately learn that they had prob-lems, those statistics justify the con-tinuation of this organization that pro-vides compassionate services to women. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, here we 
go again. Just 10 days ago the House took a vote to attack women’s health. At that time, I said it felt like deja vu. 
Now I am starting to wonder if this is 
the only issue that my colleagues care about. 
Have we taken a vote to reauthorize 
the Export-Import Bank? No. 
Have we taken a vote to extend the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund? No. 
Have we taken a single vote this year 
to fix our broken immigration system? No. 
Yet, somehow we found time to take 
vote after vote restricting women’s ac-cess to care. It is reprehensible. 
The bill we are considering today is 
one of the worst yet. It is a dangerous and unprecedented assault on women and their healthcare providers, and it does nothing to address the real issues that Americans are facing. 
Mr. Speaker, voters didn’t send us 
here to intimidate their doctors and interfere in their private medical deci-sions. 
It is time for Congress to stop wast-
ing time and get to work. I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and the underlying bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, if we 
defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3611, a long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-
neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, to dis-
cuss our proposal, I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to my good friend from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the gentleman from Flor-ida. 
I rise to oppose the demand for the 
previous question so that we might, in fact, take up the issue of a long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. 
Something has changed. This is no 
longer an abstract philosophical con-versation. This is a real, manifest, con-crete conversation in which people are losing their livelihoods. 
I stood here last week and reported 
that not one, but two, satellite sales were likely lost. A subsequent an-nouncement by Boeing to lay off work-ers in El Segundo, California, is not ab-stract. 
I referred to General Electric an-
nouncing that it was laying off 500 peo-ple as a result of the failure of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.017 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6320 September 29, 2015 
body to do what it has done every 
chance it had under every President for 81 years, almost always unanimously. 
This is no longer an abstraction. Peo-
ple are losing their livelihoods, and it will continue. It continued yesterday. General Electric announced another 350 jobs lost. They are moving them from Wisconsin to Canada. 
This is not an abstraction. This is 
not some ideological tug of war. You are taking away people’s jobs. 
And, by the way, last week, when GE 
announced its first layoff of 500, the spokesman for the majority party said it was immaterial. They dismissed it. Well, if you opened up that envelope and found a pink slip, you wouldn’t think it was immaterial. 
Last week I revealed a dirty little se-
cret. I shared with you that the Boeing aircraft company, the largest exporter in the United States of America, the heart of our manufacturing base, didn’t make airplanes. They don’t. They de-sign and assemble them. They assemble them with parts made mostly in Amer-ica. 
Now, here is today’s dirty little se-
cret: domestic content. The Export-Im-port Bank requires anything it fi-nances to be made out of 85 percent do-mestic content. Made in America, 85 percent. 
Now, our largest exporter, in good 
times, finances about 1 in 5 of its sales through the Ex-Im. But it is counter-cyclical. In bad times, it is up to 40 per-cent, as a consequence of that material amount that is sold. And, by the way, 70 percent of its sales are inter-national. They make all their airplanes with a minimum of 85 percent domestic content. 
People, stop and think. If you do 
away with the Ex-Im, you do away with the 85 percent domestic content requirement. 
Boeing wants to make airplanes in 
America with 85 percent domestic con-tent. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. I know this 
because 2 years ago there was a coali-tion formed to lobby to reduce the do-mestic content. Boeing left the coali-tion because they want to make air-planes in America. If you do away with Ex-Im, you do away with the domestic content requirement. 
Six to 8,000 of the 15,000 businesses in 
Boeing’s supply chain are small busi-nesses. They are small businesses. You are holding a gun to the head of Amer-ica’s number one exporter and forcing them—forcing them—by virtue of com-petitive disadvantage to look at and consider outsourcing. 
More pink slips. More people losing 
their livelihood. This is no longer an abstraction. You are taking away peo-ple’s livelihoods. 
Yes, it is unilateral disarmament. 
Every other developed country on the face of the planet has an export credit authority, every other one, except us 
now. 
In God’s name, defeat the previous 
question. 
b1300 
Ms. FOXX. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle are talking about the Ex-Im Bank because they know when they talk about protecting organizations that sell babies’ hearts and lungs, they are losing. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues in the 
minority also claim that women would no longer have access to healthcare services. It is important to remember that this bill merely stops the Obama administration’s current practice of using Medicaid to force States into in-cluding abortionists in their provider network. Each State can take its spe-cific needs into consideration when de-termining what, if any, action to take under this bill. Claims that 13,000 feder-ally qualified and rural health centers aren’t sufficient fail to reflect the fact that community health centers have grown significantly since 2010. 
According to HRSA data, health cen-
ters have grown so much that, in the years since 2010, they have acquired 3.4 million more patients, 1.9 million of whom are women. And as our colleague from Maryland pointed out, they are often open more days and more hours than Planned Parenthood clinics are. They are providing better and more comprehensive services to women. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
5 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  
WATERS ), my very good friend who is 
the ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services and a real cham-pion on both these issues that we are discussing here today. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong op-position to the previous question so that this House may finally get on with the important work of supporting American jobs by reauthorizing the charter of the Export-Import Bank. 
My friends on the opposite side of the 
aisle claim that they support business. They claim they support small busi-ness. They claim that this is something that is not paid enough attention to. Yet when we have the opportunity to support the Ex-Im Bank, what do they do? They turn it into a political ques-tion because they want to use it to di-vide. 
Let me tell you some facts about the 
Ex-Im Bank. 
The Ex-Im Bank supported $27.4 bil-
lion of U.S. exports at no cost to Amer-ican taxpayers; 164,000 American jobs were supported. Nearly 90 percent of Ex-Im Bank transactions directly sup-ported small businesses. There was a $675 million surplus generated for American taxpayers in funding year 2014 alone. Ex-Im Bank’s mission is American 
jobs. By financing the export of Amer-ican goods and services, Ex-Im Bank has supported $1.3 million private sec-tor, American jobs since 2009, sup-porting, again, 164,000 jobs in funding year 2014 alone. 
So, Mr. Speaker and Members, every 
day that this Republican-led House re-fuses to act is another day that Amer-ican workers suffer the consequences. 
It has been 3 months now since Re-
publicans shut down our Nation’s ex-port credit agency, a vital financing tool that enables U.S. companies both large and small to compete for sales in the global marketplace, and businesses and their workers are feeling the pain. 
The stories that we have received 
from across the Nation make the un-fortunate consequences of the House Republicans’ shutdown of the Ex-Im Bank distressingly clear. In describing the impact of the Ex-Im shutdown, the chief financial officer of Chief Indus-tries, Incorporated, a Nebraska com-pany that sells grain bins and ele-vators, said: ‘‘We’ve lost business. That’s the easiest way to put it. We can’t get that business back.’’ 
In my home State of California, the 
president of Combustion Associates, In-corporated, a power plant manufac-turer, said that the shutdown of the Ex-Im Bank has put her small, woman- and minority-owned company at a ‘‘real disadvantage,’’ saying that, as a result of fierce competition from Chi-nese and European firms: ‘‘If we don’t get Ex-Im back soon, there’s a very good chance we will lose three pending contracts to one of our competitors.’’ 
In describing the devastating con-
sequence of losing the support of the Ex-Im Bank, the owner of U.S. Inter-national Trading Corporation, based in Nevada, said that the ideologically charged debate surrounding the reau-thorization ‘‘is like being stabbed in the back by people who should be de-fending you.’’ 
Steve Wilburn, a long-time Repub-
lican and former marine, who owns a renewable fuels company in Arizona that lost a major Philippines green en-ergy project due to the uncertainty over Ex-Im’s future, recently re-marked: ‘‘I never thought the day would come when the Republican Party would somehow view a small business like mine as crony capitalism.’’ 
While these small businesses and 
many like them are unable to success-fully compete internationally without the support of the Ex-Im Bank, some of our Nation’s largest manufacturers are losing contracts as well, with signifi-cant negative downstream con-sequences for the small business sup-pliers that make up their vast U.S. supply chains. 
Making matters worse, in recent 
weeks, large companies, including GE and Boeing, have announced that the lack of export credit financing from 
the Ex-Im Bank has forced those com-panies to move some of their manufac-turing operations abroad, where export credit financing is readily available. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.018 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6321 September 29, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, we should be ashamed 
of this. We should be doing everything we can to grow jobs in this country and give U.S. businesses the tools they need to succeed. 
I have said it before and will say it 
again, a majority of this House sup-ports reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank; and if we don’t give Members the opportunity to vote up or down on re-opening the Bank’s doors today, the self-inflicted shutdown of the Ex-Im Bank will continue to hurt workers and our economy. It is time to recog-nize the realities of the extremely com-petitive international marketplace that businesses must compete in. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I don’t know what they are afraid of. They like shutting things down. 
You are going to shut down some-
thing in this country that is going to cause us to lose jobs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair and not to other Members of the House. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I repeat, my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle are talking about the Ex-Im Bank be-cause they know that when they talk about protecting organizations that sell babies’ hearts and lungs, they are losing. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the 
gentlewoman. 
Mr. Speaker, we have known for 
some time that Planned Parenthood is the largest provider of abortions in this country. What we did not know until recently was just how vile and dis-gusting the nature of this organization truly is. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 3495 
because I believe States have the right to refuse funding to an organization that profits from the sale of aborted children’s organs. Medicaid and CMS should not be allowed to force States to fund these horrific practices against the States’ wishes. 
The advancement of women’s health 
should always remain a top priority for our healthcare community. However, we can achieve this goal without re-quiring States to provide access to in-stitutions like Planned Parenthood. 
Taxpayer dollars should not be going 
to the killing of unborn babies. Tax-payer dollars should not go to organi-zations like Planned Parenthood that support the practice of abortion and trafficking of aborted fetal tissue. 
Taxpayer funds should go toward in-
vestigating and prosecuting the indi-viduals that are responsible for traf-ficking in the selling of fetal tissue. Taxpayer funds should go toward the advancement of women’s health. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this bill, but we cannot stop here. In addition to cutting off funding, 
the perpetrators behind these heinous crimes should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. These disgusting acts are on par with those committed by the sickest of criminals behind bars, and that is exactly where the people who did this belong. 
I urge my colleagues to support pre-
cious, innocent lives of the unborn. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina says that we are discussing the Export-Im-port Bank because we are losing, as she put it, on the subject that is the base bill here today. We are not losing. This bill will pass the House of Representa-tives, and it will go nowhere. Why we are discussing the Ex-Im Bank is be-cause we need American businesses to win. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to 
yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. H INOJOSA ), 
my classmate, who is a member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to strongly oppose this rule and sup-port the motion to defeat the previous question. 
Instead of bringing a bill to the floor 
that will go nowhere, we should, in-stead, be letting the House work its will; and we should be voting to reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank. Reau-thorizing the Export-Import Bank is an economic imperative. 
While some of my colleagues cele-
brate their misguided, ideologically driven agenda, hardworking Americans are losing their jobs, and American businesses and exporters are being outgunned by larger export credit agencies which are more than willing to provide financing to America’s for-eign competitors. 
The Bank is an unbridled, market- 
driven success story which has broad bipartisan support in both Houses of this Congress as well as support from the majority of Americans. The Bank supports hundreds of thousands of good-paying jobs in this country. 
If we fail to act now, we are shutting 
off a lifeline for many of our small businesses and exporters. In my con-gressional district alone, the Bank has supported thousands of small business and manufacturing jobs. These are good jobs in a very high-need area in Texas that would not have been pos-sible without the Bank. These jobs are now in danger. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my GOP col-
leagues to let common sense regain a foothold in this House. We have the votes. Let Congress work its will and allow a vote on the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to go back to 
how I began my remarks today, and that is to say that the measure before us has not gone through regular order in the House of Representatives. There were no hearings, no markup. It just 
showed up in the rules for us. And somehow or another, that seems to be a pattern that is developing around here, where we are not legislating, we are rulemaking. In the final analysis, many Members and their constituents are being shut out. 
Mr. Speaker, the decision to have an 
abortion is obviously a very, very dif-ficult decision for a woman, and it is one that must be made, in my judg-ment—and my colleague from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) always says that it is not 
the Oversight Committee’s—which is hearing right now, as we speak, from Planned Parenthood providers—or the Energy and Commerce Committee’s de-cision for a woman’s right to choose. The freedom of choice measure, since 1960, has been a part of Medicaid in this country, and now we would tear that fabric and divide this country with an issue that the only committee that should be in charge is the committee formed by a woman, her doctor, and God. 
b1315 
There is no place for the ideological 
whims of politicians in that determina-tion. I said last night I know where this is headed. I have seen it now for 22 years. What the ultimate objective is is not this legislation today or the legis-lation that we considered 2 weeks ago or legislation like this that they have considered. For 22 years that I have been here, it has been headed toward trying to reverse Roe v. Wade. 
Like it or not, the Supreme Court’s 
ruling in Roe v. Wade conferred upon women the right to do with their own bodies what they determine best until the point of viability. It is unfathomable to me and countless oth-ers around this country and the world that we continue to entertain attacks on poor women’s health to satisfy the extreme political agenda of a few in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle often articulate their support for measures such as the one we are considering today by insist-ing that it is our duty to protect the most vulnerable in society. To those individuals I ask: How does eliminating critical health services to our coun-try’s most poor and preventing those same individuals from being able to see the doctors of their choice that they know and trust help them to accom-plish this worthwhile goal? 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion and against this rule and the un-derlying bill. I want to ask us to get back to regular order and let us get into legislating. 
No, my colleague from North Caro-
lina, we are not losing. We asked on the Export-Import measure to allow for American businesses to win. Everybody here knows that this legislation, once it passes the House of Representatives, is going to get lost in that nowhere for-est. I said last night, and I listened to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.020 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6322 September 29, 2015 
my granddaughter saying, ‘‘Let It Go.’’ 
The words are different to this par-ticular situation today, but the title of the song should be heard as a mantra by the Republican Party on the subject of the rights of women and their choice. They should just let it go. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
My colleagues continue to hold up 
regular order as an excuse for their un-willingness to stop the flow of taxpayer dollars to organizations that dis-member children. Thankfully, there are committee hearings being held on this issue even now that will continue to expose the wrongs of the abortion industry. Here today, though, we take the simple step of stopping funding to organizations that sell children’s body parts. 
My colleague’s newfound affection 
for regular order is a poor objection to the passage of this legislation to pro-tect women and children from being parties to trafficking in human tissue. It is not extreme to want to protect the most vulnerable, the unborn, from having their body parts being sold and the use of taxpayer dollars to aid such enterprises. 
Mr. Speaker, we have heard today 
about outrageous activities that are ongoing in the abortion industry as it takes apart tiny babies with beating hearts and cute little fingers and toes. It is truly saddening that the reaction in this Chamber isn’t unanimous agree-ment that the clinics where this has occurred be closed and those respon-sible be sanctioned for their reprehen-sible actions. We haven’t even been able to come to agreement with those on the other side that Federal grants to these organizations from the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices stop immediately. 
Now we try again to find common 
ground. Today, the legislation before us would take the small but vital step of allowing those States that choose, and only those States, to stop funding abortion providers through Medicaid. This legislation wouldn’t tell New York or Massachusetts or California that they can’t give their taxpayer dol-lars to an organization that sells body parts. It would, however, enable Lou-isiana, Alabama, Arkansas, or Indiana to do so. 
The principle of federalism, that 
Americans are free to come together with others in their community and es-tablish the principles by which they will govern themselves, is a bedrock for our Nation. Even if opponents of this legislation have become callous to the unheard cries of unborn children dismembered for compensation, they should rally to the cause of federalism in order to allow their own commu-nities to exercise the freedom it pro-tects. 
What a sad day it is when we can no 
longer even unite around our founding principles, one of which was that life is the first unalienable right. When we ig-
nore the need to protect that right for the smallest of our brothers and sis-ters, we should not be surprised by the erosion of our other rights, including the right to self-governance prohibited by federalism. 
The exposure of the ongoing tragedy 
of crushed young lives must spur us to unite to stop this imposition of Federal power on States and their citizens and restore to them the choice of pro-tecting children from being sold as organ donors before even taking their first breath. This is what H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, would accomplish, and I commend it and this rule providing for its consider-ation to my colleagues for their sup-port. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 444 O FFERED BY  
MR. HASTINGS OF FLORIDA  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3611) to reauthorize and reform the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 3611. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the 
control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 182, not voting 9, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.022 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6323 September 29, 2015 
[Roll No. 521] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Ellison 
Hudson Kelly (IL) Larson (CT) 
McDermott Payne Reichert 
Sanchez, Loretta Westmoreland 
b1349 
Mr. LOWENTHAL, Ms. MAXINE 
WATERS of California, Ms. BASS, and Mr. NORCROSS changed their votes from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. FINCHER changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 522] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.015 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6324 September 29, 2015 
Garamendi 
Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Frelinghuysen 
Hudson Kelly (IL) Larson (CT) 
McDermott Payne Reichert 
Sanchez, Loretta Smith (TX) 
b1357 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-
day, September 29th I missed two votes on Ordering the Previous Question and House Resolution 444. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
b1400 
WOMEN’S PUBLIC HEALTH AND 
SAFETY ACT 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 444, I call up the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are in-volved in abortions, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
W
AGNER ). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 444, the amendment printed in House Report 114–269, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 3495 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women’s 
Public Health and Safety Act’’. SEC. 2. INCREASING STATE FLEXIBILITY IN DE-
TERMINING PARTICIPATION OF PROVIDERS WHO PERFORM, OR PAR-TICIPATE IN THE PERFORMANCE OF, ABORTIONS. 
Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1396a.) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(23), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g), subsection (11),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(ll) R
ULES WITHRESPECT TO DETERMINA -
TION OF PARTICIPATION OF PROVIDERS WHO 
PERFORM , ORPARTICIPATE IN THE PERFORM -
ANCE OF , ABORTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 
2015, subject to paragraph (2), for purposes of this title, a State, at its option, may estab-lish criteria with respect to the participation under the State plan (or under a waiver of the plan) of an institution, agency, entity, or person who performs, or participates in the performance of, abortions. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to an abortion— 
‘‘(A) if the pregnancy is the result of an act 
of rape or incest; or 
‘‘(B) in the case where a woman suffers 
from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, in-cluding a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the terms ‘institution’, ‘agency’, or ‘entity’ mean the entire legal institution, agency, or entity, or any part thereof, in-cluding any institution, agency, or entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under conunon control with such institution, agen-cy, or entity.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P ITTS) 
and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 3495. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. This bill, at its core, is about choice as well as pro-tecting the lives of millions of unborn babies across America. 
H.R. 3495 would empower States with 
flexibility to include or not include in their Medicaid program providers who perform or assist in the performance of elective abortions. 
The Hyde amendment already makes 
sure that Federal Medicaid dollars do not pay for elective abortions. This bill would amend current law so that States would have the flexibility and discretion to work with qualified pro-viders of their choice. 
This bill also means States would be 
able to remove the largest abortion chain from being the recipient of mil-
lions of dollars of State and Federal funds, which are allocated within their States. 
Planned Parenthood has received 
about $1.2 billion through Medicaid over a 3-year period, and States who wish to eliminate Planned Parenthood from this funding stream are being blocked from doing so. 
All Medicaid providers ought to be 
held responsible for their actions. How-ever, the current administration is in-terpreting current law to protect the interests of political elites over the health care of those truly in need. States should be able to work with pro-viders who prioritize and respect life and exclude organizations whose busi-ness model is built around the destruc-tion of life. 
Planned Parenthood is the Nation’s 
largest abortion chain, doing over 327,653 abortions in the last reported year. That comes out to an average of 898 abortions per day every day, 37 abortions every hour, 3 abortions every 5 minutes, more than 1 abortion every 2 minutes. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker, the new fiscal year 
starts in less than 36 hours, and Con-gress has still not passed the annual appropriations bills. If we don’t do it, the government will shut down. During the last shutdown, we lost $24 billion and 120,000 private sector jobs. I am sure we could expect just the same now. 
The debt ceiling will need to be 
raised within the next couple months, Madam Speaker, and many Repub-licans are already threatening to refuse to perform even that basic task. This would throw the international econ-
omy into chaos. It would cause the loss of tens of thousands more jobs in the United States. 
Of course, the Ex-Im Bank expired in 
June, and our business communities are clamoring for reauthorization. Why? Well, last year the Ex-Im Bank financed deals that supported 164,000 American jobs. 
I would suggest, Madam Speaker, 
that the U.S. House should spend this week figuring out how to avoid a polit-ical and financial catastrophe rather than once again passing a blatantly po-litical bill stripping women of their basic healthcare rights. This latest at-tack targets both the women who need to see a doctor or healthcare provider as well as the providers themselves. 
I wonder if the people on the other 
side of the aisle actually read this bill on the floor today because it is so broadly written that it would target any medical provider—doctor, hospital, clinic, you name it—that has even the most tenuous connection to the provi-sion of a full range of women’s healthcare services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.016 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6325 September 29, 2015 
The majority claims that this bill 
targets Planned Parenthood, a healthcare provider that 2.7 million Americans rely on every year. First of all, over 90 percent of the services pro-vided by that agency are routine wellness exams, like breast exams, cer-vical cancer screening, and birth con-trol and family planning services. 
As we all know, because we discussed 
it ad nauseam last week, Planned Par-enthood has received no Federal fund-ing for abortions. In fact, no agency re-ceives Federal funding for abortions with a very few exceptions. 
This bill would, therefore, not stop 
any government funding of abortions. It would instead allow Federal and State funding to be cut off for any enti-ty, not just Planned Parenthood, which performs abortions with private dol-lars. 
That means that poor women would 
be blocked from the full range of healthcare services that they need not just at Planned Parenthood, but at their local hospital or their local clinic or the offices of another women’s health group. 
Let’s call this bill what it is. It is an 
attempt to eliminate healthcare serv-ices for women across the board, using the Planned Parenthood witch hunt as an excuse. Let’s be very clear. The in-vestigation of the last few months has demonstrated that the videotapes the majority so heavily relies on are heav-ily edited, manipulated, and at times downright misleading. 
We are the U.S. Congress, Madam 
Speaker, and we are better than that. The American public will not stand for this diversion, and neither should we. Let’s defeat this ill-conceived bill. Let’s direct all of our collective atten-tion to bipartisan solutions resolving the looming fiscal disaster that we are all facing. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, in re-
sponse briefly, money is fungible. Ev-erybody knows it. In one pocket, out the other, same pair of pants. $1.2 bil-lion over the last 3 years in Medicaid. The videos, nobody is putting words in their mouth. It is their words, their pictures. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), vice 
chair of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and a distinguished leader on this issue. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania for his diligence and his consist-ency through the years as we have worked on this issue at the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I do rise in strong support today of the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
There will be a lot said about this 
bill during the course of the day, but let’s be certain in what the bill actu-ally says. You have got two pages, and what this does is grant to the States flexibility. 
Madam Speaker, what they have 
asked us for is flexibility. Why are they asking us for this flexibility? Because 
we have four States currently in litiga-tion over wanting to be able to deter-mine who is and is not a Medicaid pro-vider in their State. 
So there is a premise and a basis and 
a reason for bringing this forward and allowing the States to have the final say in who participates in that Med-icaid delivery—that is what you call good government—and sending the power and the money back to the State and local level. 
This bill is necessary because the 
Obama administration has blocked at-tempts of States to remove certain pro-viders from the program. Now, we have four States, as I said, that have had to go into court because they have tried to remove providers and CMS has blocked that action. So, therefore, they are not able to move these providers out of the program. 
The States know best the needs of 
their residents, and they know best which providers are providing afford-able access to quality medical care and which ones are trying to skirt the law. There are no mandates in this bill. The final decision is up to the States. 
The left, in their endless efforts to 
protect Planned Parenthood and to prevent them from being held account-able, have once again resorted to scare tactics. 
I also want to touch on the issue of 
the community health centers, 9,000 here in our country. They meet the needs of over 24 million Americans. You take a district like mine in Ten-nessee, there are zero Planned Parent-hood affiliates in my district—zero. There are 16 community health cen-ters. 
Contrast that with the Ninth Con-
gressional District of Illinois, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ’s district. She has 1 
Planned Parenthood affiliate, and there are 44 community health centers. Ms. D
EGETTE has 3 Planned Parent-
hood sites and 46 of the community health centers. 
So what we are doing is encouraging 
the States to take the responsibility and make the determination of where this ought to be. 
Madam Speaker, it is amazing to me. 
People always say: Let’s make certain that we are being good stewards of the money. Planned Parenthood is now outsourcing their women’s health issues. They have cut them in half over the past 7 years. It is important for us to redirect the funds and give the States the opportunity to determine who provides the service and the ac-cess. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ), the 
ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3495, yet another radical GOP assault on women’s health care. Unfortunately, my Republican colleagues are at it again, attempting to use any excuse to pursue their extreme agenda. They are 
attacking Planned Parenthood in order to limit women’s constitutionally pro-tected right to choose what is best for them and their families. 
The legislation is particularly offen-
sive and egregious. Let me tell you what this legislation is. In the words of more than 120,000 family physicians na-tionwide, it represents an unprece-dented level of legislative interference in the patient-physician relationship. It is not only ill-advised, it is dan-gerous. 
This legislation would, in the words 
of the National Women’s Law Center or the National Health Law Program, ‘‘wreak havoc on our Nation’s safety net programs and millions’ access to health care across the country.’’ It rep-resents a direct attack by Members of Congress on women’s ability to control their own reproductive health. 
This legislation undermines patient 
choice of providers and provides States unchecked authority to terminate pro-viders from Medicaid without cause. This is a direct attack on the freedom of low-income women to choose their own trusted and qualified medical pro-vider. 
I stand, Madam Speaker, with 
Planned Parenthood. I stand with all the physicians and health professionals out there who provide lifesaving, pre-ventative health services to millions of women and men every day. I stand with the hundreds of millions of Ameri-cans to say that I will not stand by si-lent and allow those who are com-mitted to ending abortion access in this country use fraud and deception to cut millions of people off from their health care. 
We cannot allow Republicans to win 
their war on women. I urge my col-leagues to oppose the extreme Repub-lican agenda and vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3495. 
I include in the R
ECORD two letters 
on this legislation, one from the Amer-ican Academy of Family Physicians, and an analysis of this legislation by the National Health Law Program and the National Women’s Law Center. 
SEPTEMBER 28, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER BOEHNER & M INORITY LEAD-
ERPELOSI : I am writing on behalf of the 
120,900 members of the American Academy of Family Physicians to express our strong op-position to the ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act’’ (H.R. 3495), which will be consid-ered by the House of Representatives this week. This legislation would, if enacted, ex-pand the ability of states to selectively pro-hibit identified physicians and health care facilities from participating in the Medicaid program. Furthermore, this legislation rep-resents an unprecedented level of legislative interference in the patient-physician rela-tionship. 
We are deeply concerned with the overall 
intent of this legislation and, more specifi-cally, its attempts to interfere with the pa-tient-physician relationship. Our most point-ed criticism is directed at the phrase ‘‘or by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.031 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6326 September 29, 2015 
any individual or entity based on the indi-
vidual’s or entity’s involvement in abor-tions.’’ This language is not only ill-advised, it is dangerous. Health care decisions should be made by a patient in consultation with her physician(s). Patients deserve an envi-ronment that encourages open communica-tion with their physicians on health care op-tions appropriate for their health status. This legislation would potentially discour-age and prohibit physicians from discussing a safe and legal health care service with their patients. As previously stated, this rep-resents an unprecedented level of legislative interference in the patient-physician rela-tionship. 
Again, we urge the House to reject this leg-
islation. The proposal represents an inappro-priate and misguided intrusion into the pa-tient-physician relationship and actually seeks to criminalize a physician for dis-cussing a legal, safe, and appropriate health care service with their patients. This is a dangerous bill and it should not pass. 
Sincerely, 
R
EIDBLACKWELDER , MD, FAAFP, 
Board Chair. 
SEPTEMBER 17, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The National 
Health Law Program and the National Wom-en’s Law Center strongly oppose H.R. 3134, a 
bill that would wreak havoc on our nation’s safety net programs and millions’ access to health care across the country. It is no over-statement to say that, if H.R. 3134 were to become law, our country would face a signifi-cant public health crisis. Excluding a highly trusted and qualified provider from a net-work that provides critical preventative health care would do nothing more than harm those who are in need of this health care the most. 
H.R. 3134 would mean that millions of low- 
income individuals in the Medicaid program could lose their ability to access the provider they trust and choose for high quality health care. This conflicts with, and threatens to jeopardize, a longstanding protection for Medicaid enrollees, the ‘‘freedom of choice’’ provision. This provision gives Medicaid re-cipients the right to choose to receive cov-ered services from any qualified provider. Historically, Congress has singled out family planning for unique protection when it comes to freedom of choice. Freedom of choice is especially critical for receiving family planning services—it guarantees that women, men, and young people have ready access to family planning services they need when they need them, and from a provider they trust. H.R. 3134 attempts to eliminate Medicaid enrollees’ ability to visit Planned Parenthood, whether for family planning services or the other critical services Planned Parenthood provides, such as well woman visits, testing and treatment for sex-ually transmitted infections, and life-saving cancer screenings. The end result could mean that Medicaid beneficiaries lose access to what may be the only source of primary and preventive care they have. 
H.R. 3134 would also inflict serious harm 
on the chronically underfunded Title X pro-gram. Planned Parenthood is a critical com-ponent of this safety net program, as the health centers serve a disproportionate share of clients in the Title X system. While only comprising 13% of Title X clinics, Planned Parenthood clinics serve 37% of clients. Each Planned Parenthood health care center serves nearly 3,000 patients for birth control services, far more than other clinic types. Taking away Title X funding from Planned Parenthood would leave those who rely on the Title X program without a key provider that they trust and that provides the health care services they need. Eliminating funding from Planned Parent-
hood would have a disproportionate impact on women of color. Hispanic and Black women more commonly access family plan-ning or medical services from a Title X-fund-ed clinic. And women of color make up a dis-proportionate share of Medicaid recipients relative to their population. Given that Planned Parenthood serves 36% of all clients who obtain care from the family planning health network, and that women of color often turn to this network for their health care, taking away such a trusted, high-qual-ity health care provider would have inflict particular harm on women of color. 
Proponents of H.R. 3134 boldly suggest that 
individuals would not lose services because other providers will fill in the drastic void that would be left if Planned Parenthood clinics were shut down. Historical evidence and existing gaps in our country’s public safety net suggest otherwise. For example, after Texas turned its preventative care and family planning program into a state-funded program in order to exclude Planned Parent-hood from its network, 30,000 fewer low-in-come women received health care. When In-diana defunding forced a Planned Parent-hood clinic to shut its doors, it led to an HIV outbreak in the county because there was no other clinic providing HIV education and testing. The suggestion that other providers can and will step up to fill this need defies common sense. 
On a closing note, while we focus on the 
dramatic negative impact that H.R. 3134 would have on millions of lives across our country, it is imperative to place this attack in the context of the many other attacks on women’s health. For example, some members of Congress are pushing to completely elimi-nate or further cripple the Title X program, as reflected in the current appropriations proposals. 
Not only would H.R. 3134 mean that mil-
lions of women, men, and young people would lose access to birth control, cancer screenings, breast exams, and STI and HIV testing, but it also represents a direct attack by Members of Congress on women’s ability to control their own reproductive health. 
We strongly urge you to vote no on H.R. 
3134, and stand strong in support of the mil-lions who receive high quality health care through the Planned Parenthood health care centers. 
Sincerely, 
N
ATIONAL HEALTH LAW 
PROGRAM , 
NATIONAL WOMEN ’SLAW 
CENTER . 
b1415 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, unfortu-
nately, the Obama administration puts its own abortion-centered ideology ahead of women’s health care. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), an out-
standing leader on this issue. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, legislation empowering States to terminate Medicaid contracts with pro-viders that disrespect innocent human life by performing abortions. 
As we debate this bill today, the big 
abortion industry is in crisis mode. They have seen the same videos I have implicating Planned Parenthood, the Nation’s largest abortion provider, in the trafficking of fetal tissue and or-gans, and they have seen the same non-partisan government report I have in-dicating that Planned Parenthood re-
ceived $1.2 billion in Medicaid funding over a 3-year period. 
So, knowing that they are losing the 
public opinion battle, they are taking their fight to the courts, suing States that dare to protect taxpayer dollars by exercising their right to terminate contracts with this abortion giant. Tennessee saw this tactic before when Planned Parenthood took our State to court over an abortion law back in 2000. We defeated them, but it took 14 years to do it. 
Madam Speaker, let’s not let that 
happen again. If President Obama and the congressional Democrats are so in-tent on blocking this legislation to combat taxpayer funding of abortion providers at the Federal level, then they should at least let States use their 10th Amendment rights to take action within their own borders with-out the threat of costly, politically mo-tivated lawsuits. The Women’s Public Health and Safety Act will do just that. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this compas-
sionate, pro-life, pro-woman legisla-tion. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Mrs. CAPPS. I thank my colleague 
for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to this bill and to the political gamesmanship that continues to put our Nation at risk. 
Today we witness yet another attack 
by some of our colleagues who are ob-sessed with ending access to Planned Parenthood, a trusted healthcare pro-vider in my community. But today’s bill takes a slightly different approach, one that cynically tells a woman that the government knows better than she does when it comes to telling her who she should trust with her health and 
well-being. As a woman, a mother, and a nurse, this is insulting. These at-tacks have to stop. 
Republicans are willfully putting 
their heads in the sand. They think it is no big deal to shut down hundreds of clinics offering essential services not available anywhere else; they think that the rest of the safety net can eas-ily pick up the slack, ignoring the fact that those providers themselves have said they cannot; and they think it is worth shutting down the government to achieve this goal. 
Moreover, I would just like to empha-
size that these women have chosen to go to Planned Parenthood for their care. Suggesting that they can just get their care from some other provider is both callous and condescending. 
With all due respect to my colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle, which provider a woman chooses to go to for her own reproductive health care is not your decision to make—at least, it shouldn’t be. 
I urge my colleagues to trust women 
to make their own decisions. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.023 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6327 September 29, 2015 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the prime sponsor of this legis-
lation. 
Mr. DUFFY. Madam Speaker, I have 
to tell you, I have been watching my Democrat friends across the aisle do somersaults trying to whitewash their past and rename their dinners that they have every year, their Jefferson- Jackson dinner. There is a big con-versation about the Confederate flag and what it means, which I would agree with my friends across the aisle. But what they don’t want to talk about is the roots of where Planned Parenthood started. 
It started with Margaret Sanger, a 
known racist and a speaker in front of the KKK. She believed in eugenics, and she is the founder of Planned Parent-hood. We should talk about the racist roots of Planned Parenthood just like with the Confederate flag and just like the Jefferson-Jackson dinner that the Democrats celebrate every year. 
If you watch the videos that have 
come out about Planned Parenthood harvesting little baby body parts and selling those body parts for a profit, it is disgusting. This is not a debate about abortion or even non-abortion, pro-life or pro-abortion. Those who are even pro-abortion agree that these tac-tics are unacceptable. They have no place in our society. That Federal tax dollars should actually go to fund an institution that harvests baby body parts for sale is absolutely asinine. 
You want to talk about health care? 
Health care doesn’t mean Planned Par-enthood, and Planned Parenthood doesn’t mean women’s health care. 
You talk about defunding women’s 
health care. There is no less money. There is the same amount of money that goes to women’s health care. That is a false argument. We spend the same amount of money, but we say: You know what? When we have an organiza-tion that supports the harvest and sale of body parts, our tax dollars probably shouldn’t go to it. 
Or, better yet, why don’t we let the 
States make that decision for them-selves? If they say that it is an affront to our morals and our values in one State, we should say we are not going to send Federal Medicaid money to that organization. And if another State says, ‘‘You know what? We are okay with it,’’ then let them spend their money that way, giving States back the power to choose how they use their money. 
I have got to tell you that I often-
times sit back and am amazed that my friends across the aisle who talk about being very compassionate and caring and loving and supporting the down-trodden can’t join us in saying: We probably should at least ban abortions after 20 weeks when little babies feel pain, when little babies can survive outside the womb. We are so radical in our position that we want to support abortion up to the point of birth. We won’t even support you if there is a 
botched abortion and the baby is born alive and we should probably try to save it. 
You can’t even join us in that. It is a 
sellout to the radical abortion indus-try. 
I see the rally outside. It is a rally 
for Planned Parenthood, which pro-vides the largest funds to the Demo-cratic coffers, to their campaigns. 
This is not about life. This not about 
health care. This is not about abortion. This is about campaign money that 
flows from Planned Parenthood into my friends’ campaigns. Sadly, I wish they would put aside their campaign concerns instead of standing for states’ rights and women’s health and little babies’ lives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair reminds all Members to address their remarks to the Chair. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
didn’t agree with much the previous speaker said, but I do agree that, from our perspective, it is about campaign money on that side. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. L EE). 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentle-
woman for yielding, but also for her tremendous leadership on this and so many issues. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to H.R. 3495, the so-called Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
First of all, this bill does not keep 
women safe, and it certainly won’t keep them healthy. Instead, it would prevent individuals or organizations that provide abortion services from treating women enrolled in Medicaid, and it would simply strip women of their fundamental right to choose their own healthcare provider. 
Congress already denies Federal Med-
icaid coverage of abortion, which is wrong, and that needs to be repealed. That is the Hyde amendment. We have got to repeal that. Now, excluding doc-tors from serving Medicaid patients is yet another attack on the rights of low-income women. 
When in the world are you going to 
stop? 
H.R. 3495 would deny more than 7 
million women access to critical healthcare services, including contra-ceptive care, STI tests, lifesaving can-cer screenings, and other primary care services; and it would hurt our most vulnerable communities, including low-income women and women of color. 
Madam Speaker, this bill is simply 
wrong. It is nothing more than a shameful attempt to restrict women’s constitutional rights. Politicians should never interfere with women’s personal healthcare decisions, period. Stay out of our lives. 
The Women’s Public Health and Safe-
ty Act does just the opposite of what this bogus title says. It erodes the health and safety of women and con-tinues the war on women. 
Today I am proud to stand with 
Planned Parenthood and the men, women, and children in our country. I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill that will severely hurt the health and safety of women. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, we 
should be aware that not a single penny will be cut for women’s health care under this bill. 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Madam Speaker, I 
stand before you in full support of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
This legislation amends Medicaid law 
to give States the freedom and flexi-bility to remove abortion providers from Medicaid. Taxpayer dollars should not be used for abortion, period. 
This important policy is widely sup-
ported by the American people. That is why the Hyde amendment, first estab-lished in 1976, protects taxpayers from preventing the use of Federal funds for abortion. However, through the years, we have seen these groups attempt to circumvent this Federal mandate in order to further their own destructive agenda of death. 
In North Carolina, Madam Speaker, 
there are 294 community health clinics, but only 9 Planned Parenthood abor-tion centers. Providing States like North Carolina with flexibility and funding will result in better, more ac-cessible health care for all women, in-stead of funneling money to abortion providers like Planned Parenthood and their army of political lobbyists. 
Thank you to Congressman S
EAN 
DUFFY for his leadership on this issue. 
As a nation, we must restore the 
value and sanctity of each and every life against this selfish culture of death. I will continue to be a voice for the voiceless and speak out against these egregious acts as long as it takes to restore the God-given promise of life. 
Life is precious. As Pope Francis 
stated in this Chamber, we must cher-ish each and every one at every stage of life. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ). 
Ms. MOORE. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I am in opposition 
to this ill-conceived legislation brought forward from my good friend and colleague from Wisconsin. 
I realize that good people can differ 
on topics, and I have been stunned by some of the discussion that has oc-curred on the floor today with regard to the racist roots of Planned Parent-hood, with regard to so-called states’ rights. 
I can tell you that, as an African 
American and as a woman, I have heard the term ‘‘states’ rights’’ used in ways that were not very healthy and safe for me as an African American woman. There is nothing healthy and safe about a bill that would deny 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6328 September 29, 2015 
women their constitutional and human 
rights to control their own reproduc-tion—to get birth control, to be pro-tected against STDs, or to have an abortion. 
I know many people in this body are 
fond of reality shows, but in reality, a woman is fertile for 30 to 40 years of her life, and there is nothing healthy about becoming pregnant every year for 30 to 40 years. I am one of nine kids, and that is not a healthy scenario for many women. 
The reality is that this would have 
an adverse impact on some of the poor-est women, and many of them African American, in this country. Seventy- eight percent of Planned Parenthood patients live at 150 percent or lower of the poverty level. 
The reality is that 60 percent of all 
Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded. It is not in the interest of public health and safety for these women to be denied this basic health care. 
b1430 
Madam Speaker, we have heard about 
these films that are not real at all. They have been doctored, edited, and they are revisionist tapes, all in pur-suit of defunding the premier organiza-tion that protects women’s health. 
With regard to the other community 
health centers, I am glad to know that my colleagues are interested in funding those centers. But this bill even puts them at risk because any ancillary service related to abortion can be deemed as unfitting for reimbursement under the Medicaid program. 
My last point, Madam Speaker, is 
that we have seen the flexibility that States have used. We saw in Indiana where they defunded Planned Parent-hood and, as a result, we saw a pan-demic of HIV infestations in that State. 
So I would say before I yield back, 
Madam Speaker, that I urge my col-leagues to not go for the appeasement of the Anti-Choice Caucus so that we don’t shut the government down, to use women as a gambit in this political battle. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, may I 
inquire how much time remains? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has 18 min-utes remaining. The gentlewoman from Colorado has 19 minutes remaining. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), 
the chair of the Pro-Life Caucus. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
my good friend for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, last week Pope 
Francis admonished a joint session of Congress to follow the Golden Rule—to do unto others as you would have them do unto you. The Pope also said the Golden Rule compels us to protect and defend human life at every stage of de-velopment—and, of course, that in-cludes the unborn. It is wrong to re-main silent, he said, or to look the other way when individuals are put at 
risk. 
At the White House welcoming cere-
mony earlier in the day, President Obama spoke of protecting the least of these, taken from Matthew’s Gospel, the 25th chapter. When President Obama says protect the least of these, he excludes millions of unborn chil-dren. 
Every day Planned Parenthood dis-
members or chemically poisons to death approximately 900 unborn babies, the least of these, and hurts many women in the process. 
Subsidized by half a billion dollars 
annually, Planned Parenthood kills a baby every 2 minutes and has termi-nated the lives of over 7 million infants since 1973, a staggering loss of chil-dren’s lives that equates to twice the number of every man, woman and child living in the State of Connecticut. 
So I rise in strong support of H.R. 
3495, the Women’s Health and Public Safety Act, authored by our distin-guished colleague, S
EANDUFFY , to give 
States the authority to defund Planned Parenthood. 
States, indeed, Madam Speaker, 
should have the freedom to choose who they subsidize and why. But the Presi-dent has denied that option to at least six States so far, including Texas, Ari-zona, Indiana, Louisiana, Alabama, and Arkansas. The latter three States had moved to defund in the wake of the re-cent undercover videos by the Center for Medical Progress. 
Now, because of the CMP videos, we 
know Planned Parenthood is also traf-ficking in baby body parts. 
I would note parenthetically, Madam 
Speaker, I wrote the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act to try to end the cruelty of modern-day slavery, sex trafficking, and labor trafficking. Planned Parenthood’s activities are a manifestation of human trafficking, exploiting defenseless unborn children and taking body parts that they have no right to take. 
It turns out Planned Parenthood has 
turned these babies into human guinea pigs, and it makes the abortion indus-try even richer. 
Although much of the media con-
tinues to ignore this scandal, Planned Parenthood’s meticulously crafted fa-cade of care and compassion has been shattered. Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood’s top leadership, not in-terns or lower level employees, show callous disregard for precious chil-dren’s lives while gleefully calculating the financial gain, which begs the ques-tion: Do Americans understand the vio-lence to children done every day in Planned Parenthood clinics? 
Have my Congressional colleagues, 
has the President, actually watched the videos? To care for the least of these, have they watched them? 
In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, 
Senior Director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s Medical Serv-ices, says: ‘‘We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that I am not going to crush that 
part.’’ 
So they crush all around that part 
that is desired, dismember that baby piece by piece, but they leave intact certain parts, including livers, that will then be sold. 
Planned Parenthood Medical Direc-
tors’ Council President Dr. Mary Gatter appears on the video non-chalantly talking about utilizing a ‘‘less crunchy’’—her words—abortion method, again, to preserve body parts. 
Regarding the price tag for baby 
body parts, she says: ‘‘Let me just fig-ure out what others are getting. And if this in the ballpark, then it is fine.’’ ‘‘If it is still low, then we can bump it up,’’ she says. 
Another Planned Parenthood Direc-
tor, Deborah VanDerhei, says: ‘‘We are just trying to figure out as an indus-try’’—and it is the abortion industry— ‘‘we are just trying to figure out how we are going to manage remuneration because the headlines would be a dis-aster.’’ 
Concern for making money, finding 
another revenue stream, but no con-cern whatsoever for that child victim who suffers when they are dis-membered: arms, legs, torso, decapi-
tated head. It is gruesome dismember-ment abortions. That is what Planned Parenthood does. 
One woman, Holly O’Donnell, from 
StemExpress, says: ‘‘She gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face.’’ ‘‘I can’t even describe what that feels like,’’ she says. 
I suspect that, if the President 
watches at least one of the videos and my colleagues on the other side, they would at least demand real answers concerning Planned Parenthood’s inhu-mane behavior and violence that is di-rected at the least of these. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
my good friend. 
You know, mention has been made 
about Margaret Sanger. I have read three of Margaret Sanger’s books. In one of them, called The Pivot of Civili-zation, she talks about the cruelty of charity of caring for indigent women who carry babies to term, that you should not give them help, that charity is cruel. 
She was a racist. Read her books. 
Read her birth control review. I went to the Library of Congress, got many copies of it and read through it. She had many programs that talked about focusing on Blacks and others for ex-termination. Just read her books. And, again, The Pivot of Civilization is one of the worst. 
Let me also say to my friends that 
they talk about how these videos have been doctored. Well, there is a new re-port that just came out called the Coalfire Forensics Analysis. It finds that the videos are authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6329 September 29, 2015 
The events depicted in the missing 
footage fall into five common cat-egories: commuting, waiting, adjusting recording equipment, meals, and rest-room breaks. 
At each interview, four devices re-
corded conversations, two video record-ers with microphones and two audio- only devices. I ask my friends and col-leagues on the other side to take a look at that analysis. 
Again, you just attack the whistle-
blower. You attack the organization. But you don’t look at the evidence. 
I have watched those tapes several 
times and was sickened by just how in-humane these individuals are in cut-ting little babies into pieces in order to procure their body parts. 
Seven million babies since 1973 killed 
in Planned Parenthood clinics. They ought to be called Child Abuse, Incor-porated. It is the most unsafe place in America, for a child to be in a Planned Parenthood clinic. 
I submit the Coalfire Forensics Anal-
ysis Report for the R
ECORD . 
[Prepared by Coalfire Systems, Inc., Sept. 28, 
2015] 
DIGITAL FORENSICS ANALYSIS REPORT  
(Delivered to Alliance Defending Freedom) 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  
In September, 2015, CGS, the prime con-
tractor on behalf of Alliance Defending Free-dom, engaged Coalfire Systems, Inc., the sub-contractor (hereinafter ‘‘Coalfire’’) to conduct a computer forensics analysis of cer-tain raw video and audio data files. Coalfire’s objectives for this project are to: 
Forensically evaluate video and audio files 
provided by The Center for Medical Progress (‘‘the Organization’’) through CGS (‘‘raw’’ video and audio), and determine whether the raw video or audio content of the files have been edited or otherwise altered; 
Compare the raw video and audio to cer-
tain files posted to YouTube (‘‘Full Footage’’ videos and a ‘‘Supplemental’’ video) for the purpose of determining inconsistencies be-tween the files. 
The scope of Coalfire’s analysis did not 
cover or include: 
Validation of those individuals depicted in 
the video or audio, who recorded the video and audio files, the location where they were recorded, when they were recorded, or the purpose of the recordings; 
Providing an opinion on the chain of cus-
tody prior to receipt of source materials by Coalfire; 
Coalfire’s analysis was limited to only the 
source materials received from the Organiza-tion and did not include interviews of par-ticipants in the videos or audio. 
A flash drive containing recorded media 
was received via FedEx by Coalfire on Sep-tember 17th, 2015, where it was examined using industry-standard forensic tools and techniques. The flash drive contained (i) a total of ten (10) videos with audio recorded on two (2) separate devices, and (ii) a total of eight (8) audio recordings made with two (2) audio-only devices. 
Coalfire’s analysis of the recorded media 
files contained on the flash drive indicates that the video recordings are authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing. This conclusion is supported by the consist-ency of the video file date and time stamps, the video timecode, as well as the folder and file naming scheme. The uniformity between the footage from the cameras from the two Investigators also support the evidence that the video recordings are authentic. With regard to the ‘‘Full Footage’’ 
YouTube videos released by the Organiza-tion, edits made to these videos were applied to eliminate non-pertinent footage, includ-ing ‘‘commuting,’’ ‘‘waiting,’’ ‘‘adjusting re-cording equipment,’’ ‘‘meals,’’ or ‘‘restroom breaks,’’ lacking pertinent conversation. Any discrepancies in the chronology of the timecodes are consistent with the inten-tional removal of this non-pertinent footage as described in this report. 
Furthermore, four of the five raw video re-
cordings, which also contained audio cap-tured from the video recording device, are accompanied by a raw audio recording cap-tured from a separate audio-only recording device. The raw audio-only recordings last for the duration of their associated raw vid-eos. These raw audio recordings support the completeness and authenticity of the raw video recordings since they depict the same events within the same duration as captured from the two separate video recorders. 
DIGITAL FORENSICS ANALYSIS REPORT OF  
VIDEO RECORDINGS BY THECENTER FOR  
MEDICAL PROGRESS (CMP) 
The Coalfire forensic analysis removes any 
doubt that the full length undercover videos released by Center for Medical Progress are authentic and have not been manipulated. Analysts scrutinized every second of video recorded during the investigation and re-leased by CMP to date and found only bath-room breaks and other non-pertinent footage had been removed. Planned Parenthood can no longer hide behind a smokescreen of false accusations and should now answer for what appear to be the very real crimes revealed by the CMP investigation.—Casey Mattox, Sen-ior Counsel, Alliance Defending Freedom 
American taxpayer money should be redi-
rected to fund local community health cen-ters and not subsidize a scandal-ridden, bil-lion-dollar abortion business. Planned Par-enthood is an organization that cares about one thing: making a profit at the expense of women’s health. The investigative videos, whose authenticity was confirmed by the re-port, show that Planned Parenthood is an abortion-machine whose top executives and doctors haggle and joke about the harvesting and selling of baby body parts. Women de-serve far better.—Kerri Kupec, Legal Com-munications Director, Alliance Defending Freedom 
FACTS AND FINDINGS  
Forensic analysis of CMP’s recorded media 
files indicates that the video recordings are authentic and show no evidence of manipula-tion or editing. 
The events depicted in the missing footage 
fell into five common categories: com-muting, waiting, adjusting recording equip-ment, meals, and restroom breaks. 
At each interview, four devices recorded 
conversations (two video recorders with microphones and two audio only devices). The recordings were cross-referenced and found to be consistent. 
COALFIRE V . FUSION REPORT  
The Coalfire report had access to every 
second of released audio and video investiga-tive footage recorded by CMP and analyzed that footage to verify and authenticate all of the videos on the CMP YouTube page. 
The Fusion report had access only to four 
full length videos released on YouTube be-tween July 14 and August 4, and none of the source material. 
The Coalfire report also confirmed that 
one segment of missing video highlighted by the Fusion Report was later uploaded in full to CMP’s YouTube page. 
Coalfire is an internationally recognized 
third-party digital security and forensics firm with experience providing evidence for 
civil and criminal investigations. 
Fusion is a small company formed to de-
velop material for Democratic party cam-paigns. 
Both reports verify there is no evidence of 
fabrication or misrepresentative editing, nothing was dubbed or altered. Fusion’s ‘‘analysis did not reveal widespread evidence of substantive video manipulation.’’ Coalfire found the videos to be ‘‘authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing.’’ 
Ms. D EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from New York (Mrs. C ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I thank my good friend for her leadership and for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I stand in strong op-
position to this ironically titled bill, Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. Let’s be honest. We all know that this bill in no way protects the health and safety of women. In fact, it does quite the opposite. 
This bill is aimed squarely at re-
stricting a woman’s constitutionally protected freedom to make her own re-productive health choices. This bill is not based on facts. This bill is not based on the health needs of women. This bill is pure politics and ideologi-cally driven. 
It is shameful that Congress is con-
sidering a bill that would leave vulner-able women’s access to comprehensive health care at the mercy of the ex-treme fringe of the far right. 
This is another attempt to put poli-
tics between a woman and her doctor and a thinly veiled attempt to destroy a woman’s right to choose. This bill is so vaguely worded and so broadly writ-ten that it will have devastating and far-reaching effects on women’s health. 
States would be allowed to exclude 
any provider, any entity, that has ever provided an abortion or has ever had any sort of association or involvement with an abortion. This bill puts wom-en’s lives in danger, and it is a chilling and a most dangerous precedent. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a strong ‘‘no’’ 
vote. Instead, stand for a women’s right to make her own personal health care choices. 
Planned Parenthood should be cele-
brated, not demonized. It is the largest healthcare provider for vulnerable women in this great country of ours. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I would 
just remind the gentlewoman that abortion is not health care. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), a great 
leader in the Pro-Life movement. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, 
protecting innocent unborn lives is paramount to defining who we are as a people and as a nation. Killing inno-cent babies before they even have a chance at life is unconscionable, let alone turning around and selling the fetal tissue for profit. 
Planned Parenthood is the Nation’s 
largest provider of abortion. This abor-tion chain received $1.2 billion of tax-payer money through Medicaid over a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.053 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6330 September 29, 2015 
3-year period. Planned Parenthood last 
reported that over $500 million of their annual revenue comes from govern-ment funding. This is reprehensible. 
No Federal dollars should go to any 
institution in the business of har-vesting and selling baby parts of abort-ed children. 
Can you imagine what people would 
say in this country if this practice oc-curred with our beloved pets? Most of us have cats and dogs. Would we stand for them to be killed and their body parts harvested and sold for profit? 
Where is the outrage that this is hap-
pening to our country’s babies, our un-born children? 
I continue to fight to defund Planned 
Parenthood at the Federal level, and I encourage all State and local govern-ments to also stop funding Planned Parenthood. 
In light of the recent undercover vid-
eos, three States have attempted to end their Medicaid contracts with Planned Parenthood and the Obama ad-ministration said disqualifying Planned Parenthood because of its abortion business violated Federal Medicaid law. 
Well, today’s bill amends the Med-
icaid law to empower States with the ability to exclude abortion providers from Medicaid. 
Given the horrific nature of the vid-
eos showing the shameful lengths that Planned Parenthood will go to in order to harvest and sell fetal organs, I am hopeful that each and every State would exercise this option. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
bill, which is critical to the fight to protect innocent lives. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. J UDYCHU). 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, another day, another attack by Republicans on women’s health care in the House of Representatives. But this one is different. It goes beyond the typical attacks on women and endan-gers their health and the health of en-tire communities. 
By holding Medicaid hostage, this 
bill seeks to intimidate doctors and hospitals into not providing a safe and constitutionally protected service. 
b1445 
I am appalled by how far Republicans 
are willing to go. The language in the bill is so vague that it would allow States to exclude entire providers from the Medicaid program. Minority and low-income women would be dispropor-tionately impacted and would stand to lose access to critical health services like birth control and family planning. 
It is time to stop the attacks. Women 
must be free to make their own healthcare choices in consultation with their doctors and without threats from Republican politicians in Washington, and we must have as one of those choices Planned Parenthood. 
For many, it is the only place they 
can turn to for even the most basic care. Women—especially low-income 
women—turn to Planned Parenthood for affordable and dependable primary care services. They fill a vital gap that community health centers can’t fill by themselves. We are all better off be-cause of their cancer screenings, STI testing, and wellness exams. 
Republicans are trying to hold our 
health care hostage by using baseless attacks to shut down Planned Parent-hood, using heavily doctored videos. It is time to stop using health care as a weapon to bully women. 
We must vote against this bill. Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
ARRIS ), another leader on 
this issue. 
Mr. HARRIS. Madam Speaker, look, 
this bill is very simple. This bill just says that States actually can be part-ners with the Federal Government and Medicaid. The Federal Government, the Secretary of HHS, doesn’t get to tell a State which providers they think are inadequate—yes, inadequate. 
Planned Parenthood is not a com-
prehensive health provider in my dis-trict. In the Lower Eastern Shore of Maryland, they closed the Planned Parenthood in April and said on the Web site: ‘‘You can get services Mon-day through Friday at the center in Easton, 45 minutes up the road.’’ 
Madam Speaker, if you go up the 
road today, they are closed. In fact, the center in Easton, funded with Federal dollars, is open 2 days a week. That clinic is empty the rest of the time. Federal dollars are paying for an empty clinic that doesn’t deliver com-prehensive care. 
Madam Speaker, you may have heard 
somewhere that Planned Parenthood provides mammograms. Nonsense. Even Planned Parenthood executives say they don’t have a mammogram ma-chine in the entire system. They don’t provide mammograms. 
The only method for breast cancer 
screening that actually results in de-creased deaths from breast cancer, the only method—mammograms—they don’t even provide at Planned Parent-hood. They say: Oh, but you can be re-ferred. 
Actually, Madam Speaker, the law is 
you don’t need a referral for a mammo-gram screening. That is the law. You don’t need a referral. Any woman can go get a mammogram screening as long as she is within the screening guide-lines without a referral. 
So exactly what is this magic that 
Planned Parenthood provides? 
The gentlewoman from New York 
said it fills a gap that community health centers can’t fill. Nonsense. Community health centers can provide mammograms. They can provide breast cancer screenings, cervical cancer screenings, contraceptives, birth con-trol. 
The only thing they don’t do is they 
don’t provide abortions outside the limits of the Hyde amendment, and they don’t sell baby body parts. Oh, that is right. I guess if selling 
baby body parts is what is important about women’s health care, then you are right. You have got to go to a Planned Parenthood to get it. You can’t get it at a community health cen-ter. 
Remember, there are 13,000 commu-
nity health centers providing the broad range, the truly broad range, of health care, not health care that you have to leave, by the way. Maybe you approach some age, you are younger than some age, and you don’t go to Planned Par-enthood because it is not comprehen-sive care. Community health centers are. They were designed that way. 
The Affordable Care Act I am no par-
ticular fan of. But the fact of the mat-ter is it set these up to be truly com-prehensive primary care centers. And there are 20 times as many as there are Planned Parenthoods. 
And you know what? My community 
health center in my district, if you call today, they are actually open. If you call tomorrow, they are open. But Planned Parenthood isn’t. If you call Thursday, Planned Parenthood is open for 7
1⁄2hours. My community health 
center is open 81⁄2hours. If you call Fri-
day, you are out of luck with Planned Parenthood. Madam Speaker, we are paying Planned Parenthood to keep an empty office open that doesn’t even provide comprehensive care in my clin-ic. 
Now, the gentlewoman from New 
York said that, in this bill, you could not provide an abortion. That is non-sense. Read the bill. It says, as long as you provide abortions consistent with the Hyde amendment—that is a rape or incest exclusion or the life of the moth-er. In fact, the gentlewoman was wrong. 
She said lives are threatened. No, 
Madam Speaker. If lives are threat-ened, specifically, this bill says the State can choose to fund that provider and can do that. 
Madam Speaker, the bottom line is 
Planned Parenthood—there is only one thing that it does that you don’t get— again, I will reiterate—that you don’t get—in a community health center. 
You can get an abortion usually at 
any stage of pregnancy for any reason, and you can get your baby’s body parts sold in the trafficking of body parts that we saw in those films. 
Are those films doctored? They are 
not doctored. Anyone can go look on the Web site. They are raw footage. People are talking about a Lamborghini from the profits of baby body parts. If that isn’t repulsive to us, what is? All this bill does is it allows States to defund that. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds to point out that the gentleman is absolutely cor-rect. Planned Parenthood does not pro-vide mammograms. They do provide breast cancer screenings. 
But under this bill, if there is a hos-
pital or a clinic that does provide mammograms and they also provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6331 September 29, 2015 
abortions, well, then, the States could 
prevent funding. 
So, ironically, under the terms of 
this bill up for discussion today, mam-mograms could be prevented. I don’t think that is the intention of the rider of this bill. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ), a senior 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I thank 
my colleague from Colorado for yield-ing to me. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition 
to H.R. 3495, the so-called Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
Women’s health care is more than 
mammograms. I know at the Planned Parenthood in my district over 80 per-cent of the care they provide is for women’s health and not abortion. 
This bill would give States the right 
to exclude a healthcare provider who performs abortion care from their Med-icaid program. 
Medicaid provides premium care to 
millions of low-income women and families alike. Excluding providers from Medicaid without cause is an-other ill-masked attempt to impede re-productive rights. 
This bill, as it is named, is claiming 
to provide safe public health care for women. By excluding quality healthcare providers, such as Planned Parenthood, the quality of available services will drop. As a result, women’s health will be detrimentally harmed. 
That was proved in a study by a 
Texas agency after 2011. This is yet one more attempt to defund Planned Par-enthood which, if successful, would hurt millions of women in commu-nities across the country. 
H.R. 3495 is contradictory to the 
views of the majority of Americans. Three out of four American women support publicly funded family plan-ning centers and believe these centers have a positive impact on public health. 
By passing this bill, we are harming 
the millions of women who rely on pub-licly funded family planning care. I urge my colleagues to vote against this damaging bill. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER). 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, de-
spite its puffed-up name, this bill has nothing to do with protecting women’s health or safety. The bill the Repub-licans pass today would cut off access to health care for millions of American families who rely on Medicaid. 
This bill would cut off Medicaid re-
imbursement for any service, Planned Parenthood or any doctor or hospital or clinic or local health center that performs or is involved in any way with abortions. 
If this bill passes, a woman seeking 
prenatal care for a planned pregnancy could suddenly be cut off from her doc-
tor if that doctor also provides abor-tion services or even referral to abor-tion services. 
A child with a life-threatening illness 
could be turned away from his hospital because the hospital chair expressed views supportive of abortion. 
A senior citizen with a chronic ill-
ness could suddenly find his or her pre-scription lapsed with no way to refill it because his or her doctor is somehow involved with abortion. 
My colleagues continue to insist that 
this bill won’t interrupt care, that these families, children, and seniors will just see different doctors, will go to different hospitals. 
How many of my colleagues have 
ever been on Medicaid? How many of them have ever been turned away by a doctor or told they have to wait months for an appointment because the doctor simply cannot afford to accept any more Medicaid patients? 
This bill would dramatically worsen 
the shortage of Medicaid doctors and lengthen wait times for patients, put-ting more people at risk and increasing healthcare costs in the long term. If their overarching goal is dismantling Medicaid as we know it, this bill is a strong first step. 
If we really want to talk about a cul-
ture of life, we should be bringing bills to the floor to encourage more doctors to serve in high-need areas to give every child access to the highest qual-ity health care. 
We should be talking about increas-
ing funding for WIC and SNAP to make sure parents, babies, and children aren’t going to bed hungry at night. 
We should be talking about expand-
ing education programs that target low-income students. We should be talking about funding public housing programs to provide stability to fami-lies. 
We should be talking about lowering 
student loan debt to ensure parents can give their kids every opportunity with-out a crushing burden of debt. 
What we should not be doing is cut-
ting doctors and hospitals and clinics and community healthcare centers out of Medicaid and putting more lives at risk. 
This bill is just another blatant at-
tempt to intimidate doctors and hos-pitals into ending abortion services. Under the guise of promoting life, this bill puts more lives at risk. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time to close. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from California (Mr. B ERA). 
Mr. BERA. I thank my colleague 
from Colorado. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition 
to another bill restricting women’s ac-cess to health care. The so-called Wom-en’s Public Health and Safety Act is not about public health, and it is cer-tainly not about safety. 
This is a bill that takes away indi-
vidual rights. It is a bill that would significantly restrict a woman’s access 
to health care, where they want to go. 
This is fundamentally about indi-
vidual rights and an individual’s abil-ity to choose where they want to get health care. It is another example of politicians coming into the exam room and making decisions. 
Now, my colleagues on the right, 
Madam Speaker, often will say they want to stand for individual rights. Well, Planned Parenthood has not bro-ken any laws, to my knowledge. 
If an individual patient wants to go 
get their care at Planned Parenthood, that is their right. Planned Parenthood is providing access to care. They are doing exactly what their name says: planning and helping families decide when they are ready to start a family, planning parenthood. We should be pro-tecting that fundamental individual right. 
As a doctor, I find it offensive when 
the government comes into my exam room and tells patients what they can and cannot do. Fundamentally to the practice of medicine, I have to answer my patients’ questions, empower them to make the choices that they want to, and let them make those choices. 
Again, patients should be able to 
choose their provider. Congress should not be picking and choosing who people can go see. This is about individual rights and preserving that right. 
I am proud to stand with Planned 
Parenthood. I am proud to fight to pre-serve those individual rights. As a doc-tor, we have got to protect access to care. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, may 
I inquire as to the time remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman has 101⁄2minutes remaining. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 5 minutes remaining. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, today we are debat-
ing H.R. 3495, which should be called the Yet Another Radical Republican Assault on Women’s Health Care Act. 
This bill undermines the long-
standing Freedom of Choice providers provision of the Medicaid statute that protects the rights of Medicare pa-tients to seek care from any willing, qualified provider. 
This bill contains language that is so 
broad that it gives States unchecked authority to deny access to any pro-viders it defines as participating in the performance of abortion. 
This bill is the latest in a long line of 
radical Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and deny women access to the high-quality health care services it provides. 
Madam Speaker, here are the facts: Each year Planned Parenthood pro-
vides essential care to 2.7 million men and women. One in five American women have visited Planned Parent-hood at least once. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.037 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6332 September 29, 2015 
There are 1.5 million young people 
and adults who participate in Planned Parenthood’s educational programs on reproductive health. 
Each year 700 Planned Parenthood 
clinics across the United States pro-vide 900,000 cancer screenings to help detect cervical and breast cancer, 400,000 Pap tests, and 500,000 breast exams. 
b1500 
Madam Speaker, the cruel irony of 
this bill is that if it becomes law, these services, not abortion services, will be put at risk because Planned Parent-hood is already prohibited from using Federal funds to provide abortion serv-ices except in very limited cir-cumstances. In providing the critical services I just described, Planned Par-enthood saves lives. 
Madam Speaker, I want to close by 
noting the very articulate and powerful testimony that Cecile Richards offered in the House Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee today. It was disturbing that so many Members of this Chamber treated her with such condescension and disrespect. 
At some point, Madam Speaker, the 
Republican Party will need to end this war on women and recognize that the question of whether women have a right to make their own healthcare de-cisions is a matter of settled law, and threatening to shut down the govern-ment unless we agree to deny millions of women access to high-quality health care is reckless and irresponsible. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tlewoman from Colorado for her leader-ship, and I thank the gentleman, Mr. P
ITTS, because in actuality this is not 
a debate on people’s conscience and what you believe in. It is a debate and a question of the law. 
First of all, the underlying legisla-
tion that we have before us is likely to be ruled unconstitutional, and it is likely to be so because it meets the very four corners of why the Supreme Court ruled the Texas law to be uncon-stitutional, and I venture to say that this bill was a copy of the Texas law. 
In 2014 and 2015, the Texas legislators 
tried to stop reproductive healthcare clinics by requiring them to have a hospital-style surgery center building and staffing requirements, leaving only seven clinics to provide health care, the same thing where they threatened the same kind of thing which would only leave 10 healthcare providers. Guess what, Madam Speaker; in 2014 and 2015, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled it unconstitutional and stopped the legislature in their tracks. That is what is going to happen to this legislation as well. 
Let me be very clear: Planned Par-
enthood does not engage in selling body parts. Yes, as under the law, they do deal with fetal tissue research, 
which has saved millions of lives. 
Under the 1993 NIH Revitalization 
Act, it is unlawful for any person to 
knowingly acquire, receive, or other-wise transfer any human fetal tissue for valuable consideration if the trans-fer affects interstate commerce. They do not do this. The reason I know that is there has been no Department of Justice investigation, no Health and Human Services investigation, and, in actuality, Mr. Daleiden, who is not the FBI and not the Department of Justice, has, in fact, engaged in a deleterious, dastardly, and deceitful investigation, even stealing—stealing—the ID of one of his fellow high school students. 
So I am against this bill, and I am 
against it for the good things that Planned Parenthood does. For example, in my State, there are 38 clinics; 150,000 young women are being served, 108,000 on contraceptives, and others are STI. 
Let me finish, Madam Speaker, by 
saying mammograms are not done in your doctor’s office. You get a referral, and you go to a place where you can get a mammogram with a radiologist. 
If we would only discuss facts, we 
would know that the underlying bill should be opposed. I oppose it, and I ask my colleagues to oppose it. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition 
to the Rule and the underlying bill. 
I strongly oppose this latest attempt by the 
Republican House majority to undermine women’s rights. 
Despite its title, the Women’s Public Health 
and Safety Act,’’ H.R. 3495 is nothing more than the latest string of attacks on women’s health. 
Instead of wasting time fueling politically- 
charged attacks on health care services for women, and attempting to roll back women’s constitutionally protected rights, this House should be advancing legislation that will reform our broken immigration and criminal justice systems. 
And as we approach yet another deadline 
for piecemeal fiscal fixes, we should be fo-cused on passing a comprehensive and cost- savings budget. 
Yet, we are here today debating a bill that 
threatens millions of American’s access to pre-ventative care and could end up costing tax-payers hundreds of millions of dollars if en-acted. 
However, we know this bill will not become 
law given the President’s clear Statement of Administrative Policy issued yesterday to veto this measure. 
As such, HR 3495 is simply being offered 
here today as a shameless political decoy to attack the legal rights of women. 
If enacted, H.R. 3495 would give states un-
checked power to exclude women’s health care providers from participating in Medicaid. 
Hampering women’s health and safety, this 
bill would enable states that are hostile to women’s right to abortion, and to Planned Par-enthood, to freely target women’s health care providers for exclusion from Medicaid. 
The United States Supreme Court ruled 
over 40 years ago, in Roe v. Wade (410 U.S. 
113 (1973)), that a woman’s constitutional right to privacy includes her right to abortion. 
Since this landmark decision, abortion rates 
and risks have substantially declined, as have the number of teen and unwanted preg-
nancies. 
However, politicians continue to try to sneak 
around the Constitution and four decades of Supreme Court precedent with sham laws that do nothing to improve women’s health care and only make it more difficult, if not impos-sible, to obtain safe and legal abortion. 
Restricting all access to reproductive and 
women’s health services only exacerbates a woman’s risk of an unintended pregnancy and fails to accomplish any meaningful overthrow of Roe v. Wade. 
In recent years, state policymakers have 
passed hundreds of restrictions on abortion care under the guise of protecting women’s health and safety. 
Fights here in Congress have been no dif-
ferent. 
In my state of Texas a law that would have 
cut off access to 75 percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 and 2015. 
On October 2, 2014, the Supreme Court 
struck down as unconstitutional a Texas law that required that all reproductive healthcare clinics that provided the full range of services would be required to have a hospital-style sur-gery center building and staffing requirements. 
This requirement meant that only 7 clinics 
would be allowed to continue to provide a full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to women. 
Any woman facing an unintended pregnancy 
needs to be able to make her own decisions and weigh all her options—and these laws take those options away. 
Texas has 268,580 square miles, only sec-
ond in size to the state of Alaska. 
The impact of the law in implementation 
would have ended access to reproductive services for millions of women in my state. 
In 2015, the State of Texas once again 
threatened women’s access to reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. 
The Supreme Court once again intervened 
on the behalf of Texas women to block the move to close clinics in my state. 
It seems every month we are faced with a 
new attack on women’s access to reproductive health care, often couched in deceptive terms and concern for women’s health and safety. 
And in fact we are here today supposedly to 
talk about the safety of women—But we know that’s not really the case. 
If my colleagues were so concerned about 
women’s health and safety, they would be pro-moting any one of the number of evidence- based proactive policies that improve women’s health and well-being. 
Instead, they are proposing yet another at-
tempt to ban abortion. 
That is their number one priority. This is cer-
tainly not about protecting women’s health, it’s about politics. 
We must separate the personal views of 
abortion from the legal issues and funda-mental constitutional rights. 
Undisputable, every woman has the con-
stitutional right to make personal health care decisions so basic that it must be equally pro-tected for all. 
Yet, this bill provides an outright pathway to 
discriminate against poor and minority women. 
H.R. 3495 would give states broad discre-
tion to exclude any person, institution, agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6333 September 29, 2015 
or entity that ‘‘performs or participates in the 
performance of abortions’’ from participating in Medicaid. 
According to policy experts and advocates, 
such as the ACLU and National Partnership for Women and Families, this extreme meas-ure would mean that not only would all such women’s health care providers be cut out of Medicaid, but states could also attempt to use it to eliminate a wide range of other health care providers, with serious and devastating consequences for low-income patients. 
Restricting access to women’s reproductive 
health care providers makes it increasingly dif-ficult—and sometimes impossible—for women who have decided to end a pregnancy to get the safe, legal, high-quality care they need. 
The result is not the elimination of abortions, 
but higher costs, longer delays, and extra steps for women seeking abortion care, and in the process punish women for their decision to exercise their constitutional right to end a pregnancy. 
History tells us that unsafe and late-term 
abortions did not cease to exist without ade-quate access to clinical service. Rather, the exact opposite—as we know limited and re-stricted access only leads to unsafe and dan-gerous practices. 
Today, countless women in states like 
Texas and Mississippi, Wisconsin, Alabama, Tennessee, and Louisiana—where state laws are already gravely impacting women’s access to health care providers—women are being forced to travel upwards of hundreds of miles or cross state lines to access their constitu-tional right to an abortion. 
These restrictions create sharp disparities in 
access to care that are troublingly reminiscent of the time before Roe v. Wade, when access depended on a woman’s social status, where she lived or her ability to travel to another state. 
In an effort to undermine what they could 
not otherwise overturn, politicians are attempt-ing to ‘‘turn back the clock’’ to the pre-Roe era by shuttering reproductive health care clinics and cutting off women’s access to safe and legal abortion care. 
Yet, far too many women who cannot afford 
to travel elsewhere will face an impossible choice between carrying an unintended preg-nancy to term or seeking drastic options out-side the law. 
A right that only exists on paper is no right 
at all. 
Simply, restricting a women’s right and ac-
cess to legal abortion services discriminately endangers the lives of women. 
Congress should be doing everything it can 
to ensure that women have access to preven-tive care, not eliminating it. 
This is a legislative assault on all progres-
sive health care, service, and advocacy orga-nizations who aim to provide vital care and services to women and men across this coun-try. 
Hundreds of thousands have already spo-
ken up, including leading groups and commu-nities such as the growing voice of our millen-nial generation. 
For instance, the nearly 60,000 OB-GYN 
physicians and partners in women’s health warn that this bill would scare providers away from providing comprehensive, compassionate care to women, in a time where America des-perately needs more ob-gyns participating in Medicaid programs. Physicians and experts in the field have 
long argued that these damaging measures serve no medical purpose, interfere in the doc-tor/patient relationship, and do nothing to pro-mote women’s health. 
My colleagues should not be closing the 
door to health care services. 
Rather, my colleagues should be doing 
more to connect our youth and women to services that help them reduce their risk of un-intended pregnancies and STD’s, and improve their overall health through preventative screenings, education and planning, and not restricting their access to lawfully entitled fam-ily planning and private health services. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from California (Mr. F ARR). 
Mr. FARR. I thank the gentlewoman 
for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, there has been a lot 
of talk here about a bill that is only two pages long. You have heard a lot of talk about and a lot of misstatements of fact about Planned Parenthood. But guess what; this bill is really about giving the States the ability to hurt women, and it never even mentions Planned Parenthood. It never mentions any of the procedures that you have heard about here on the floor. It mere-ly gives the States the ability to wipe out clinics that serve women. 
So it isn’t about abortion procedures. 
It isn’t about Planned Parenthood. It is about taking away access to health care. This bill gives the authority to States to cut off all of those services if they specialize in health care for women. 
When is this war on women going to 
stop? Your party ought to be ashamed of its reputation in this country now that it is really taking on women on all issues. So on behalf of my wife, my daughter, and my granddaughter, who will need access to women’s services— hopefully not abortion, but if nec-essary, maybe—I would hope that this war on women would stop and that all of us would vote against it. 
Oppose this legislation. Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We have heard a lot of emotion 
today, Madam Speaker, and a lot of ideas and ugly things being thrown around, but as a lawyer with legal training, I did something radical. I ac-tually read this bill. It didn’t take me very long, because, as Mr. F
ARRpoint-
ed out, it is only two pages long. 
I want to talk about what this bill 
would really do because this bill would do far, far more than its proponents claim that it would do. 
Let me say, first of all, there is no 
Federal money that is spent on abor-tion in most cases in the United States. This has been the law of the land for a long time. I disagree with that law because I think it limits full reproductive health for women who can least afford it, but that is the law of the land. 
So what are we talking about here? 
What we are talking about is States being able to deny money to anybody 
who is directly or indirectly involved with abortion services with nongovern-mental money, with private money from women and their family, with in-surance money, with nongovernmental money. 
So here is how this bill would work. 
A State could decide that, if a hospital provided abortions with nongovern-ment money, it simply wasn’t going to authorize State money or Medicaid money to that hospital. I don’t mean just Medicaid money for women’s serv-ices; I mean all Medicaid money or State money, all money for services. 
This bill could say that an OB–GYN 
who has co-privileges at a hospital that provides abortion could now not serve any—any—Medicaid patients. This bill would say that a doctor who provides services at a neighborhood healthcare clinic who has privileges at a hospital that provides abortion could now be banned from taking Medicaid patients. That is how broad this bill is written. 
Madam Speaker, what this would do 
is it would allow States to terminate all government funds to any entity that directly or indirectly provides abortions with nongovernment dollars. 
So what would this do? Well, 72 mil-
lion people in this country are on Med-icaid right now. These people are men, these people are women, and these peo-ple are children. These people are peo-ple who take women’s medical services and those who don’t need them. These 72 million Americans risk the loss of all of their healthcare services under Medicaid because of this radical bill. 
Now, okay, let’s say that won’t really 
happen. Let’s say that is just an overbroad interpretation of the bill. So then our colleagues on the other side say, well, let’s just limit ourselves to community health centers. If we use this bill to deny funding for Planned Parenthood, everyone will go to com-munity health centers. Let’s see how that would work. 
Right now, we have 24 million pa-
tients in this country in community health centers. The community health centers themselves tell us, for every one of those 24 million patients they are taking, right now they are turning away seven people. So we have 4.2 mil-lion Planned Parenthood patients. Let’s say those 4.2 Planned Parenthood patients decide to go to the community health clinics. That is not going to work. 
They tried this in Louisiana. In Lou-
isiana, a Federal judge found there would be 29 providers for 5,000 women to get healthcare services. That is un-tenable, that is unacceptable, and it puts our Nation’s women’s health at risk. 
Listen, since we have been debating 
this bill today, we are 1 hour closer to a government shutdown, and we have done nothing to make sure we are not going to do that. I would suggest that we refocus our efforts, that we stop beating up Planned Parenthood, that we stop beating up women’s health, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.025 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6334 September 29, 2015 
that we get together collectively and 
we say: How are we going to keep this government open? How are we going to work together to make sure every man and woman in this country has a good job, good health insurance, and that they can provide for their families? That is what we are elected to do, and that is what I commit myself to do on behalf of this body. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, we have heard lots 
of arguments here on the floor. We have heard about abortion being a healthcare issue. Abortion is not a healthcare issue. Abortion is the most violent form of death known to man-kind: death by dismemberment and de-capitation. It is horrific. 
These video clips that we have seen 
show the graphic nature of what they are doing to these little unborn babies in Planned Parenthood clinics and the harvesting of their body parts. 
You call that humane? It is horrific. 
It is barbaric. 
Why is this bill necessary? Currently, 
CMS is bullying States, telling them they must include providers of elective abortions in their Medicaid programs. This bill empowers States with the needed flexibility to design their Med-icaid programs in a manner that is con-sistent with pro-life values in a State. 
The gentleman talked about pa-
tients. Well, a lot of unborn babies are treated as patients in their mother’s womb. One lady talked about, what about individual rights? Well, what about the rights of these little patients in the womb? 
Madam Speaker, this bill merely 
gives States the flexibility to choose to establish criteria regarding the partici-pation in its Medicaid program of enti-ties or persons who perform or partici-pate in the performance of elective abortions. 
Under this bill, low-income women 
and men will still have access to more than 13,000 federally qualified health centers in rural health center sites, in addition to at least 1,200 private and free charitable clinics. In contrast, Planned Parenthood has some 665 clin-ics. They can find health care near them because these federally qualified and rural health centers are 20 to every 1 Planned Parenthood clinic. 
We have the list of the Members here. 
Some of the Members who have spoken may have one Planned Parenthood clinic. They may have 56, 44—the list varies—community health centers who would get that redistributed money and provide real health care, as Dr. H
ARRIS said. 
This bill gives States the flexibility 
to design their Medicaid programs in a manner they choose to serve their Med-icaid patients. So I strongly urge sup-port for H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous 
consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 3495 may 
be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, as 
Congress works to defund the nation’s largest abortion provider—Planned Parenthood, 
Following a number of undercover videos 
revealing potential baby part sales, 
It is only right that we allow states to defund 
abortion providers as well. 
If the governor of a state believes that fund-
ing these organizations goes against the will of the people, they should be permitted to do so. 
That includes funding through Medicaid. H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and 
Safety Act bill simply gives states the flexibility to do just that. 
Women should receive the best healthcare, But they should not be put at risk, along 
with their unborn children, by organizations who are driven by profit. 
The federal government and state govern-
ments should not be forced to have blood on their hands. 
We do not need to fund Planned Parent-
hood, which killed over 327,000 babies in 2013 alone. 
And states do not need to do this either. Instead, we should be sending this money 
to health centers that truly have the patients in mind. 
How many more Planned Parenthood scan-
dals do we need before they are cut off from federal and state dollars? 
How many more mothers will be lied to and 
babies killed as a result of continued funding? 
Planned Parenthood and other abortion pro-
viders, for that matter, must be defunded. 
It is our role to protect the most vulnerable 
among us— 
Unborn children and mothers and families in 
crisis alike. 
I urge a YES vote on H.R. 3495, the Wom-
en’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
And that’s just the way it is. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 444, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, I have 
a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, I am 
opposed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Sinema moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 3495 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in the amendments made by this 
Act shall be construed as prohibiting health care services from being provided to a woman by an institution, agency, entity, or person, so long as such services are provided to protect the health of the woman. 
Mr. PITTS (during the reading). 
Madam Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. 
b1515 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, this 
motion to recommit is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If this amendment is adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. 
This motion is straightforward and 
commonsense. The motion ensures that nothing in this bill prohibits a wom-an’s access to healthcare services. This amendment protects the health of American women. 
I believe a woman’s personal 
healthcare decisions should be decided by the woman, her family, and her doc-tor. Women and their families should be able to make these decisions free from government interference. 
Despite our political differences, pro-
tecting the health, safety, and inde-pendence of American women is some-thing that most of us in this Chamber can readily support. It is what the American people want and believe. 
The American people and people in 
my home State of Arizona want Con-gress to put aside partisanship and focus on solving our country’s great challenges. They want Congress to focus on growing our economy, cre-ating opportunity for hardworking families, making college affordable, re-forming the VA, and strengthening our military and national security. The list goes on and on. 
It is no surprise that Republicans and 
Democrats alike think that Congress is a mess, but Congress doesn’t have to be a mess. Congress can produce results when it puts partisanship aside and works for the American people. 
Earlier this year, we worked together 
to find a real solution to the long-term challenge of reimbursing doctors through Medicaid. We replaced the SGR and protected seniors’ access to health care. That is the kind of success we can achieve for the American people if we work together. 
We also worked together to help pre-
vent veteran suicide and improve ac-cess to mental health care for veterans. The Clay Hunt SAV Act, which passed with the support of every Member of Congress, is an important step toward ending the epidemic of veteran suicide in our country. That is the kind of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6335 September 29, 2015 
work we can do for our veterans when 
we work together. 
We worked together to pass the 21st 
Century Cures Act to encourage bio-medical innovation and the develop-ment of lifesaving treatments and cures. This creative, bipartisan ap-proach cuts through red tape, allowing innovators to focus on lifesaving dis-coveries rather than government bu-reaucracy. These are the solutions we can create when we work together. 
Last night, we passed the PACE Act, 
which enables employees at small- and medium-sized businesses to keep their health insurance plans. This is the kind of bipartisan work we can accom-plish. 
If we work together, we can get 
things done for the American people. We can find a long-term sustainable so-lution to funding our highways and in-frastructure; we can pass a budget that creates jobs and opportunity, grows our economy, and improves our na-tional security; and we can reform our broken Tax Code so it provides cer-tainty, encourages job growth, and en-ables us to compete on a global scale. 
Instead, I’ve watched Congress fight 
once again in a partisan way, without a bipartisan solution on the horizon. This is not what Arizonans want. It is not what the American people want. 
I offer this motion today to stand for 
something we all agree on, protecting the health of women, and I ask my col-leagues to support this reasonable mo-tion. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I with-
draw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I claim 
the time in opposition to the gentle-woman’s motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, today, 
under the Obama administration’s in-terpretation of Federal statute, States are forced to include in their Medicaid program providers who perform elec-tive abortions, whether they like it or not. 
The Women’s Public Health and Safe-
ty Act is a commonsense measure that would allow a State to choose to estab-lish criteria regarding the participa-tion in its Medicaid program of entities or persons who perform or participate in the performance of elective abor-tions. 
Unlike what some Members on the 
other side of the aisle have said, this bill will not harm women’s access to health care. Rather, this gives States more tools to design a Medicaid pro-gram that fully serves low-income women and men. 
The Women’s Public Health and Safe-
ty Act would put States back in the driver’s seat and let each State design their Medicaid program in a manner 
that best meets the needs and respects the choices and values of the people within their States. 
This bill should be supported by 
every Member who believes the States should be strong, full partners in the operation of the Medicaid program. If State taxpayers do not want to include abortion providers in their Medicaid program, they should not be forced to include them. 
I urge the Members strongly to vote 
‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 21 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1545 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. W
AGNER ) at 3 o’clock 
and 45 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 3614. An act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, pro-ceedings will resume on questions pre-viously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
The motion to recommit on H.R. 
3495; and 
Passage of H.R. 3495, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Any re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
WOMEN’S PUBLIC HEALTH AND 
SAFETY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abor-tions, offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ), on which the 
yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 184, nays 242, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 523] 
YEAS—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.043 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6336 September 29, 2015 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Comstock Hudson Hurt (VA) Kelly (IL) 
Larson (CT) Price, Tom Reed 
Reichert 
b1618 
Messrs. FORBES, DUNCAN of South 
Carolina, ROGERS of Alabama, D
ESJARLAIS, WEBSTER of Florida, 
and SMITH of Missouri changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. QUIGLEY, POCAN, and 
GRAYSON changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Madam Speaker, I 
was not present for roll call vote No. 523 on the motion to recommit with instructions on H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. D EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 193, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 524] 
AYES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—193 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Comstock 
Hudson Kelly (IL) 
Larson (CT) Reichert 
b1627 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.028 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6337 September 29, 2015 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Madam 
Speaker, on September 29, 2015—I was not present for rollcall votes 521, 522, 523, and 524. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted: ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 521, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 522, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 523, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 524. 
f 
b1630 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1735, 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. THORNBERRY submitted the 
following conference report and state-ment on the bill (H.R. 1735) to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (H. R EPT. 114–270) 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: 
That the House recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as fol-lows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the Senate amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; 
TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four 
divisions as follows: 
(1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-
thorizations. 
(2) Division B—Military Construction Author-
izations. 
(3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-
tional Security Authorizations and Other Au-thorizations. 
(4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table 
of contents. 
Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
Sec. 111. Prioritization of upgraded UH–60 
Blackhawk helicopters within Army National Guard. 
Sec. 112. Roadmap for replacement of A/MH–6 
Mission Enhanced Little Bird air-craft to meet special operations requirements. Sec. 113. Report on options to accelerate re-
placement of UH–60A Blackhawk helicopters of Army National Guard. 
Sec. 114. Sense of Congress on tactical wheeled 
vehicle protection kits. 
Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
Sec. 121. Modification of CVN–78 class aircraft 
carrier program. 
Sec. 122. Amendment to cost limitation baseline 
for CVN–78 class aircraft carrier program. 
Sec. 123. Extension and modification of limita-
tion on availability of funds for Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 124. Modification to multiyear procurement 
authority for Arleigh Burke class destroyers and associated systems. 
Sec. 125. Procurement of additional Arleigh 
Burke class destroyer. 
Sec. 126. Refueling and complex overhaul of the 
U.S.S. George Washington. 
Sec. 127. Fleet Replenishment Oiler Program. Sec. 128. Limitation on availability of funds for 
U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN– 79). 
Sec. 129. Limitation on availability of funds for 
U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80). 
Sec. 130. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 131. Reporting requirement for Ohio-class 
replacement submarine program. 
Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
Sec. 141. Backup inventory status of A–10 air-
craft. 
Sec. 142. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of A–10 aircraft. 
Sec. 143. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of EC–130H Com-pass Call aircraft. 
Sec. 144. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar Sys-tem, EC–130H Compass Call, and Airborne Warning and Control System aircraft. 
Sec. 145. Limitation on availability of funds for 
F–35A aircraft procurement. 
Sec. 146. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of KC–10 aircraft. 
Sec. 147. Limitation on availability of funds for 
transfer of C–130 aircraft. 
Sec. 148. Limitation on availability of funds for 
executive communications up-grades for C–20 and C–37 aircraft. 
Sec. 149. Limitation on availability of funds for 
T–1A Jayhawk aircraft. 
Sec. 150. Notification of retirement of B–1, B–2, 
and B–52 bomber aircraft. 
Sec. 151. Inventory requirement for fighter air-
craft of the Air Force. 
Sec. 152. Sense of Congress regarding the 
OCONUS basing of F–35A air-craft. 
Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
Sec. 161. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Joint Battle Command–Platform. 
Sec. 162. Report on Army and Marine Corps 
modernization plan for small arms. 
Sec. 163. Study on use of different types of en-
hanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, 
and Limitations 
Sec. 211. Centers for Science, Technology, and 
Engineering Partnership. Sec. 212. Expansion of eligibility for financial 
assistance under Department of Defense Science, Mathematics, and Research for Transformation Program to include citizens of countries participating in the Technical Cooperation Program. 
Sec. 213. Expansion of education partnerships 
to support technology transfer and transition. 
Sec. 214. Improvement to coordination and com-
munication of defense research activities. 
Sec. 215. Reauthorization of Global Research 
Watch program. 
Sec. 216. Reauthorization of defense research 
and development rapid innovation program. 
Sec. 217. Science and technology activities to 
support business systems informa-tion technology acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 218. Department of Defense technology off-
set program to build and maintain the military technological superi-ority of the United States. 
Sec. 219. Limitation on availability of funds for 
F–15 infrared search and track capability development. 
Sec. 220. Limitation on availability of funds for 
development of the shallow water combat submersible. 
Sec. 221. Limitation on availability of funds for 
the advanced development and manufacturing facility under the medical countermeasure program. 
Sec. 222. Limitation on availability of funds for 
distributed common ground sys-tem of the Army. 
Sec. 223. Limitation on availability of funds for 
distributed common ground sys-tem of the United States Special Operations Command. 
Sec. 224. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Integrated Personnel and Pay System of the Army. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 231. Streamlining the Joint Federated As-
surance Center. 
Sec. 232. Demonstration of Persistent Close Air 
Support capabilities. 
Sec. 233. Strategies for engagement with His-
torically Black Colleges and Uni-versities and Minority-serving In-stitutions of Higher Education. 
Sec. 234. Report on commercial-off-the-shelf 
wide-area surveillance systems for Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
Sec. 235. Report on Tactical Combat Training 
System Increment II. 
Sec. 236. Report on technology readiness levels 
of the technologies and capabili-ties critical to the long-range strike bomber aircraft. 
Sec. 237. Assessment of air-land mobile tactical 
communications and data net-work requirements and capabili-ties. 
Sec. 238. Study of field failures involving coun-
terfeit electronic parts. 
Sec. 239. Airborne data link plan. Sec. 240. Plan for advanced weapons tech-
nology war games. 
Sec. 241. Independent assessment of F135 engine 
program. 
Sec. 242. Comptroller General review of auto-
nomic logistics information system for F–35 Lightning II aircraft. 
Sec. 243. Sense of Congress regarding facilita-
tion of a high quality technical workforce. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.049 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6338 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
Sec. 311. Limitation on procurement of drop-in 
fuels. 
Sec. 312. Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness 
Areas. 
Sec. 313. Modification of energy management 
reporting requirements. 
Sec. 314. Revision to scope of statutorily re-
quired review of projects relating to potential obstructions to avia-tion so as to apply only to energy projects. 
Sec. 315. Exclusions from definition of ‘‘chem-
ical substance’’ under Toxic Sub-stances Control Act. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
Sec. 322. Repeal of limitation on authority to 
enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or overhaul of the F117 engine. 
Sec. 323. Pilot programs for availability of 
working-capital funds for product improvements. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
Sec. 331. Modification of annual report on 
prepositioned materiel and equip-ment. 
Sec. 332. Report on merger of Office of Assistant 
Secretary for Operational Energy Plans and Deputy Under Sec-retary for Installations and Envi-ronment. 
Sec. 333. Report on equipment purchased non-
competitively from foreign enti-ties. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 341. Prohibition on contracts making pay-
ments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events. 
Sec. 342. Military animals: transfer and adop-
tion. 
Sec. 343. Temporary authority to extend con-
tracts and leases under the ARMS Initiative. 
Sec. 344. Improvements to Department of De-
fense excess property disposal. 
Sec. 345. Limitation on use of funds for Depart-
ment of Defense sponsorships, ad-vertising, or marketing associated with sports-related organizations or sporting events. 
Sec. 346. Reduction in amounts available for 
Department of Defense head-quarters, administrative, and sup-port activities. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. 
Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty 
end strength minimum levels. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active 
duty in support of the reserves. 
Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians 
(dual status). 
Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2016 limitation on number 
of non-dual status technicians. 
Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve personnel 
authorized to be on active duty for operational support. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 421. Military personnel. 
Sec. 422. Report on force structure of the Army. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
Sec. 501. Reinstatement of enhanced authority 
for selective early discharge of warrant officers. 
Sec. 502. Equitable treatment of junior officers 
excluded from an all-fully-quali-fied-officers list because of admin-istrative error. Sec. 503. Enhanced flexibility for determination 
of officers to continue on active duty and for selective early retire-ment and early discharge. 
Sec. 504. Authority to defer until age 68 manda-
tory retirement for age of a gen-eral or flag officer serving as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chap-lains of the Army, Navy, or Air Force. 
Sec. 505. General rule for warrant officer retire-
ment in highest grade held satis-factorily. 
Sec. 506. Implementation of Comptroller Gen-
eral recommendation on the defi-nition and availability of costs as-sociated with general and flag of-ficers and their aides. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
Sec. 511. Continued service in the Ready Re-
serve by Members of Congress who are also members of the Ready Re-serve. 
Sec. 512. Clarification of purpose of reserve 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory promotion board. 
Sec. 513. Increase in number of days of active 
duty required to be performed by reserve component members for duty to be considered Federal service for purposes of unemploy-ment compensation for ex- servicemembers. 
Sec. 514. Temporary authority to use Air Force 
reserve component personnel to provide training and instruction regarding pilot training. 
Sec. 515. Assessment of Military Compensation 
and Retirement Modernization Commission recommendation re-garding consolidation of authori-ties to order members of reserve components to perform duty. 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
Sec. 521. Limited authority for Secretary con-
cerned to initiate applications for correction of military records. 
Sec. 522. Temporary authority to develop and 
provide additional recruitment in-centives. 
Sec. 523. Expansion of authority to conduct 
pilot programs on career flexi-bility to enhance retention of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 524. Modification of notice and wait re-
quirements for change in ground combat exclusion policy for female members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 525. Role of Secretary of Defense in devel-
opment of gender-neutral occupa-tional standards. 
Sec. 526. Establishment of process by which 
members of the Armed Forces may carry an appropriate firearm on a military installation. 
Sec. 527. Establishment of breastfeeding policy 
for the Department of the Army. 
Sec. 528. Sense of Congress recognizing the di-
versity of the members of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sexual 
Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response 
Sec. 531. Enforcement of certain crime victim 
rights by the Court of Criminal 
Appeals. 
Sec. 532. Department of Defense civilian em-
ployee access to Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 533. Authority of Special Victims’ Counsel 
to provide legal consultation and assistance in connection with var-ious Government proceedings. Sec. 534. Timely notification to victims of sex- 
related offenses of the availability of assistance from Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 535. Additional improvements to Special 
Victims’ Counsel program. 
Sec. 536. Enhancement of confidentiality of re-
stricted reporting of sexual as-sault in the military. 
Sec. 537. Modification of deadline for establish-
ment of Defense Advisory Com-mittee on Investigation, Prosecu-tion, and Defense of Sexual As-sault in the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 538. Improved Department of Defense pre-
vention and response to sexual as-saults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 539. Preventing retaliation against mem-
bers of the Armed Forces who re-port or intervene on behalf of the victim of an alleged sex-related of-fence. 
Sec. 540. Sexual assault prevention and re-
sponse training for administrators and instructors of Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
Sec. 541. Retention of case notes in investiga-
tions of sex-related offenses in-volving members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps. 
Sec. 542. Comptroller General of the United 
States reports on prevention and response to sexual assault by the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve. 
Sec. 543. Improved implementation of changes 
to Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice. 
Sec. 544. Modification of Rule 104 of the Rules 
for Courts-Martial to establish certain prohibitions concerning evaluations of Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 545. Modification of Rule 304 of the Mili-
tary Rules of Evidence relating to the corroboration of a confession or admission. 
Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, and 
Transition 
Sec. 551. Enhancements to Yellow Ribbon Re-
integration Program. 
Sec. 552. Availability of preseparation coun-
seling for members of the Armed Forces discharged or released after limited active duty. 
Sec. 553. Availability of additional training op-
portunities under Transition As-sistance Program. 
Sec. 554. Modification of requirement for in- 
resident instruction for courses of instruction offered as part of Phase II joint professional mili-tary education. 
Sec. 555. Termination of program of educational 
assistance for reserve component members supporting contingency operations and other operations. 
Sec. 556. Appointments to military service acad-
emies from nominations made by Delegates in Congress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
Sec. 557. Support for athletic programs of the 
United States Military Academy. 
Sec. 558. Condition on admission of defense in-
dustry civilians to attend the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. 
Sec. 559. Quality assurance of certification pro-
grams and standards for profes-sional credentials obtained by members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 560. Prohibition on receipt of unemploy-
ment insurance while receiving post-9/11 education assistance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6339 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 561. Job Training and Post-Service Place-
ment Executive Committee. 
Sec. 562. Recognition of additional involuntary 
mobilization duty authorities ex-empt from five-year limit on reem-ployment rights of persons who serve in the uniformed services. 
Sec. 563. Expansion of outreach for veterans 
transitioning from serving on ac-tive duty. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and 
Military Family Readiness Matters 
Sec. 571. Continuation of authority to assist 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
Sec. 572. Impact aid for children with severe 
disabilities. 
Sec. 573. Authority to use appropriated funds to 
support Department of Defense student meal programs in domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary schools located outside the United States. 
Sec. 574. Family support programs for imme-
diate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
Sec. 581. Authorization for award of the Distin-
guished-Service Cross for acts of extraordinary heroism during the Korean War. 
Subtitle H—Miscellaneous Reports and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 591. Coordination with non-government 
suicide prevention organizations and agencies to assist in reducing suicides by members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 592. Extension of semiannual reports on 
the involuntary separation of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 593. Report on preliminary mental health 
screenings for individuals becom-ing members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 594. Report regarding new rulemaking 
under the Military Lending Act and Defense Manpower Data Center reports and meetings. 
Sec. 595. Remotely piloted aircraft career field 
manning shortfalls. 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
Sec. 601. No fiscal year 2016 increase in military 
basic pay for general and flag of-ficers. 
Sec. 602. Limitation on eligibility for supple-
mental subsistence allowances to members serving outside the United States and associated ter-ritory. 
Sec. 603. Phased-in modification of percentage 
of national average monthly cost of housing usable in computation of basic allowance for housing in-side the United States. 
Sec. 604. Extension of authority to provide tem-
porary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under cer-tain circumstances. 
Sec. 605. Availability of information under the 
Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive 
Pays 
Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for re-serve forces. 
Sec. 612. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for health care professionals. 
Sec. 613. One-year extension of special pay and 
bonus authorities for nuclear offi-cers. Sec. 614. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to title 37 consolidated spe-cial pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. 
Sec. 615. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. 
Sec. 616. Increase in maximum annual amount 
of nuclear officer bonus pay. 
Sec. 617. Modification to special aviation incen-
tive pay and bonus authorities for officers. 
Sec. 618. Repeal of obsolete authority to pay 
bonus to encourage Army per-sonnel to refer persons for enlist-ment in the Army. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
Sec. 621. Transportation to transfer ceremonies 
for family and next of kin of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who die overseas during humanitarian op-erations. 
Sec. 622. Repeal of obsolete special travel and 
transportation allowance for sur-vivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces from the Vietnam conflict. 
Sec. 623. Study and report on policy changes to 
the Joint Travel Regulations. 
Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
P
ARTI—R ETIRED PAYREFORM  
Sec. 631. Modernized retirement system for 
members of the uniformed serv-ices. 
Sec. 632. Full participation for members of the 
uniformed services in the Thrift Savings Plan. 
Sec. 633. Lump sum payments of certain retired 
pay. 
Sec. 634. Continuation pay for full TSP mem-
bers with 12 years of service. 
Sec. 635. Effective date and implementation. 
P
ARTII—O THER MATTERS  
Sec. 641. Death of former spouse beneficiaries 
and subsequent remarriages under the Survivor Benefit Plan. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non-Appropriated 
Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
Sec. 651. Plan to obtain budget-neutrality for 
the defense commissary system and the military exchange system. 
Sec. 652. Comptroller General of the United 
States report on the Commissary Surcharge, Non-appropriated Fund, and Privately-Financed Major Construction Program. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Sec. 661. Improvement of financial literacy and 
preparedness of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 662. Recordation of obligations for install-
ment payments of incentive pays, allowances, and similar benefits when payment is due. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
Sec. 701. Access to TRICARE Prime for certain 
beneficiaries. 
Sec. 702. Modifications of cost-sharing for the 
TRICARE pharmacy benefits pro-gram. 
Sec. 703. Expansion of continued health bene-
fits coverage to include dis-charged and released members of the Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 704. Access to health care under the 
TRICARE program for bene-ficiaries of TRICARE Prime. 
Sec. 705. Expansion of reimbursement for smok-
ing cessation services for certain TRICARE beneficiaries. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 711. Waiver of recoupment of erroneous 
payments caused by administra-tive error under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 712. Publication of data on patient safety, 
quality of care, satisfaction, and health outcome measures under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 713. Expansion of evaluation of effective-
ness of the TRICARE program to include information on patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at military medical treat-ment facilities. 
Sec. 714. Portability of health plans under the 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 715. Joint uniform formulary for transition 
of care. 
Sec. 716. Licensure of mental health profes-
sionals in TRICARE program. 
Sec. 717. Designation of certain non-Depart-
ment mental health care providers with knowledge relating to treat-ment of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 718. Comprehensive standards and access 
to contraception counseling for members of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 721. Provision of transportation of depend-
ent patients relating to obstetrical anesthesia services. 
Sec. 722. Extension of authority for DOD–VA 
Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. 
Sec. 723. Extension of authority for Joint De-
partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facil-ity Demonstration Fund. 
Sec. 724. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Office of the Secretary of Defense. 
Sec. 725. Pilot program on urgent care under 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 726. Pilot program on incentive programs 
to improve health care provided under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 727. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Department of Defense Healthcare Management Systems Moderniza-tion. 
Sec. 728. Submittal of information to Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs relating to ex-posure to airborne hazards and open burn pits. 
Sec. 729. Plan for development of procedures to 
measure data on mental health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 730. Report on plans to improve experience 
with and eliminate performance variability of health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 731. Comptroller General study on gam-
bling and problem gambling be-havior among members of the Armed Forces. 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management 
Sec. 801. Required review of acquisition-related 
functions of the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 802. Role of Chiefs of Staff in the acquisi-
tion process. 
Sec. 803. Expansion of rapid acquisition au-
thority. 
Sec. 804. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid 
prototyping and rapid fielding. 
Sec. 805. Use of alternative acquisition paths to 
acquire critical national security capabilities. 
Sec. 806. Secretary of Defense waiver of acquisi-
tion laws to acquire vital national security capabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6340 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 807. Acquisition authority of the Com-
mander of United States Cyber Command. 
Sec. 808. Report on linking and streamlining re-
quirements, acquisition, and budget processes within Armed Forces. 
Sec. 809. Advisory panel on streamlining and 
codifying acquisition regulations. 
Sec. 810. Review of time-based requirements 
process and budgeting and acqui-sition systems. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting 
Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
Sec. 811. Amendment relating to multiyear con-
tract authority for acquisition of property. 
Sec. 812. Applicability of cost and pricing data 
and certification requirements. 
Sec. 813. Rights in technical data. Sec. 814. Procurement of supplies for experi-
mental purposes. 
Sec. 815. Amendments to other transaction au-
thority. 
Sec. 816. Amendment to acquisition threshold 
for special emergency procurement authority. 
Sec. 817. Revision of method of rounding when 
making inflation adjustment of acquisition-related dollar thresh-olds. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Major Defense 
Acquisition Programs 
Sec. 821. Acquisition strategy required for each 
major defense acquisition pro-gram, major automated informa-tion system, and major system. 
Sec. 822. Revision to requirements relating to 
risk management in development of major defense acquisition pro-grams and major systems. 
Sec. 823. Revision of Milestone A decision au-
thority responsibilities for major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 824. Revision of Milestone B decision au-
thority responsibilities for major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 825. Designation of milestone decision au-
thority. 
Sec. 826. Tenure and accountability of program 
managers for program definition periods. 
Sec. 827. Tenure and accountability of program 
managers for program execution periods. 
Sec. 828. Penalty for cost overruns. 
Sec. 829. Streamlining of reporting requirements 
applicable to Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering regarding major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 830. Configuration Steering Boards for cost 
control under major defense ac-quisition programs. 
Sec. 831. Repeal of requirement for stand-alone 
manpower estimates for major de-fense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 832. Revision to duties of the Deputy As-
sistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evalua-tion and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition 
Workforce 
Sec. 841. Amendments to Department of Defense 
Acquisition Workforce Develop-ment Fund. 
Sec. 842. Dual-track military professionals in 
operational and acquisition speci-alities. 
Sec. 843. Provision of joint duty assignment 
credit for acquisition duty. 
Sec. 844. Mandatory requirement for training 
related to the conduct of market research. Sec. 845. Independent study of implementation 
of defense acquisition workforce improvement efforts. 
Sec. 846. Extension of authority for the civilian 
acquisition workforce personnel demonstration project. 
Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial 
Items 
Sec. 851. Procurement of commercial items. 
Sec. 852. Modification to information required 
to be submitted by offeror in pro-curement of major weapon sys-tems as commercial items. 
Sec. 853. Use of recent prices paid by the Gov-
ernment in the determination of price reasonableness. 
Sec. 854. Report on defense-unique laws appli-
cable to the procurement of com-mercial items and commercially available off-the-shelf items. 
Sec. 855. Market research and preference for 
commercial items. 
Sec. 856. Limitation on conversion of procure-
ments from commercial acquisition procedures. 
Sec. 857. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional defense contractors as commercial items. 
Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters 
Sec. 861. Amendment to Mentor-Protege Pro-
gram. 
Sec. 862. Amendments to data quality improve-
ment plan. 
Sec. 863. Notice of contract consolidation for 
acquisition strategies. 
Sec. 864. Clarification of requirements related to 
small business contracts for serv-ices. 
Sec. 865. Certification requirements for Business 
Opportunity Specialists, commer-cial market representatives, and procurement center representa-tives. 
Sec. 866. Modifications to requirements for 
qualified HUBZone small business concerns located in a base closure area. 
Sec. 867. Joint venturing and teaming. Sec. 868. Modification to and scorecard program 
for small business contracting goals. 
Sec. 869. Establishment of an Office of Hearings 
and Appeals in the Small Busi-ness Administration; petitions for reconsideration of size standards. 
Sec. 870. Additional duties of the Director of 
Small and Disadvantaged Busi-ness Utilization. 
Sec. 871. Including subcontracting goals in 
agency responsibilities. 
Sec. 872. Reporting related to failure of contrac-
tors to meet goals under nego-tiated comprehensive small busi-ness subcontracting plans. 
Sec. 873. Pilot program for streamlining awards 
for innovative technology 
projects. 
Sec. 874. Surety bond requirements and amount 
of guarantee. 
Sec. 875. Review of Government access to intel-
lectual property rights of private sector firms. 
Sec. 876. Inclusion in annual technology and 
industrial capability assessments of a determination about defense acquisition program requirements. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 881. Consideration of potential program 
cost increases and schedule delays resulting from oversight of defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 882. Examination and guidance relating to 
oversight and approval of services contracts. 
Sec. 883. Streamlining of requirements relating 
to defense business systems. Sec. 884. Procurement of personal protective 
equipment. 
Sec. 885. Amendments concerning detection and 
avoidance of counterfeit elec-tronic parts. 
Sec. 886. Exception for AbilityOne products 
from authority to acquire goods and services manufactured in Af-ghanistan, Central Asian States, and Djibouti. 
Sec. 887. Effective communication between gov-
ernment and industry. 
Sec. 888. Standards for procurement of secure 
information technology and cyber security systems. 
Sec. 889. Unified information technology serv-
ices. 
Sec. 890. Cloud strategy for Department of De-
fense. 
Sec. 891. Development period for Department of 
Defense information technology systems. 
Sec. 892. Revisions to pilot program on acquisi-
tion of military purpose non-developmental items. 
Sec. 893. Improved auditing of contracts. Sec. 894. Sense of Congress on evaluation meth-
od for procurement of audit or audit readiness services. 
Sec. 895. Mitigating potential unfair competi-
tive advantage of technical advi-sors to acquisition programs. 
Sec. 896. Survey on the costs of regulatory com-
pliance. 
Sec. 897. Treatment of interagency and State 
and local purchases when the De-partment of Defense acts as con-tract intermediary for the General Services Administration. 
Sec. 898. Competition for religious services con-
tracts. 
Sec. 899. Pilot program regarding risk-based 
contracting for smaller contract actions under the Truth in Nego-tiations Act. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Sec. 901. Update of statutory specification of 
functions of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force development activities. 
Sec. 902. Sense of Congress on the United States 
Marine Corps. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. 
Sec. 1002. Accounting standards to value cer-
tain property, plant, and equip-ment items. 
Sec. 1003. Report on auditable financial state-
ments. 
Sec. 1004. Sense of Congress on sequestration. 
Sec. 1005. Annual audit of financial statements 
of Department of Defense compo-nents by independent external auditors. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
Sec. 1011. Extension of authority to support 
unified counterdrug and counter-terrorism campaign in Colombia. 
Sec. 1012. Extension and expansion of authority 
to provide additional support for counter-drug activities of certain foreign governments. 
Sec. 1013. Sense of Congress on Central Amer-
ica. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
Sec. 1021. Additional information supporting 
long-range plans for construction of naval vessels. 
Sec. 1022. National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. Sec. 1023. Extension of authority for reimburse-
ment of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat. 
Sec. 1024. Availability of funds for retirement or 
inactivation of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock landing ships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6341 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 1025. Limitation on the use of funds for re-
moval of ballistic missile defense capabilities from Ticonderoga class cruisers. 
Sec. 1026. Independent assessment of United 
States Combat Logistic Force re-quirements. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
Sec. 1031. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-
fer or release of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. 
Sec. 1032. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1033. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-
fer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1034. Reenactment and modification of cer-
tain prior requirements for certifi-cations relating to transfer of de-tainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to foreign countries and other for-eign entities. 
Sec. 1035. Comprehensive detention strategy. Sec. 1036. Prohibition on use of funds for re-
alignment of forces at or closure of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1037. Report on current detainees at 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, deter-mined or assessed to be high risk or medium risk. 
Sec. 1038. Reports to Congress on contact be-
tween terrorists and individuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1039. Inclusion in reports to Congress of in-
formation about recidivism of in-dividuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1040. Report to Congress on terms of writ-
ten agreements with foreign coun-tries regarding transfer of detain-ees at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1041. Report on use of United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prisons or detention or disciplinary facilities in recruitment or other propa-ganda of terrorist organizations. 
Sec. 1042. Permanent authority to provide re-
wards through government per-sonnel of allied forces and certain other modifications to Department of Defense program to provide re-wards. 
Sec. 1043. Sunset on exception to congressional 
notification of sensitive military operations. 
Sec. 1044. Repeal of semiannual reports on obli-
gation and expenditure of funds for the combating terrorism pro-gram. 
Sec. 1045. Limitation on interrogation tech-
niques. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
Sec. 1051. Department of Defense excess prop-
erty program. 
Sec. 1052. Sale or donation of excess personal 
property for border security ac-tivities. 
Sec. 1053. Management of military technicians. Sec. 1054. Limitation on transfer of certain AH– 
64 Apache helicopters from Army National Guard to regular Army and related personnel levels. 
Sec. 1055. Authority to provide training and 
support to personnel of foreign ministries of defense. 
Sec. 1056. Information operations and engage-
ment technology demonstrations. 
Sec. 1057. Prohibition on use of funds for retire-
ment of Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 84 and 85 aircraft. 
Sec. 1058. Limitation on availability of funds 
for destruction of certain land-mines and report on department of defense policy and inventory of anti-personnel landmine muni-tions. 
Sec. 1059. Department of Defense authority to 
provide assistance to secure the southern land border of the United States. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
Sec. 1060. Provision of defense planning guid-
ance and contingency planning guidance information to Congress. 
Sec. 1061. Expedited meetings of the National 
Commission on the Future of the Army. 
Sec. 1062. Modification of certain reports sub-
mitted by Comptroller General of the United States. 
Sec. 1063. Report on implementation of the geo-
graphically distributed force laydown in the area of responsi-bility of United States Pacific Command. 
Sec. 1064. Independent study of national secu-
rity strategy formulation process. 
Sec. 1065. Report on the status of detection, 
identification, and disablement capabilities related to remotely pi-loted aircraft. 
Sec. 1066. Report on options to accelerate the 
training of pilots of remotely pi-loted aircraft. 
Sec. 1067. Studies of fleet platform architectures 
for the Navy. 
Sec. 1068. Report on strategy to protect United 
States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
Sec. 1069. Comptroller General briefing and re-
port on major medical facility projects of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
Sec. 1070. Submittal to Congress of munitions 
assessments. 
Sec. 1071. Potential role for United States 
ground forces in the Western Pa-cific theater. 
Sec. 1072. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to military per-sonnel issues. 
Sec. 1073. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements relating to readiness. 
Sec. 1074. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to naval ves-sels and Merchant Marine. 
Sec. 1075. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to civilian per-sonnel. 
Sec. 1076. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to nuclear pro-liferation and related matters. 
Sec. 1077. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to acquisition. 
Sec. 1078. Repeal or revision of miscellaneous 
reporting requirements. 
Sec. 1079. Repeal of reporting requirements. Sec. 1080. Termination of requirement for sub-
mittal to Congress of reports re-quired of Department of Defense by statute. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1081. Technical and clerical amendments. Sec. 1082. Situations involving bombings of 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facili-ties. 
Sec. 1083. Executive agent for the oversight and 
management of alternative com-pensatory control measures. 
Sec. 1084. Navy support of Ocean Research Ad-
visory Panel. 
Sec. 1085. Level of readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
Fleet carriers. 
Sec. 1086. Reform and improvement of personnel 
security, insider threat detection and prevention, and physical se-curity. 
Sec. 1087. Transfer of surplus firearms to Cor-
poration for the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Firearms Safe-ty. 
Sec. 1088. Modification of requirements for 
transferring aircraft within the Air Force inventory. 
Sec. 1089. Reestablishment of Commission to As-
sess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack. 
Sec. 1090. Mine countermeasures master plan 
and report. 
Sec. 1091. Congressional notification and brief-
ing requirement on ordered evacu-ations of United States embassies and consulates involving support provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1092. Interagency Hostage Recovery Coor-
dinator. 
Sec. 1093. Sense of Congress on the inadvertent 
transfer of anthrax from the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1094. Modification of certain requirements 
applicable to major medical facil-ity lease for a Department of Vet-erans Affairs outpatient clinic in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
Sec. 1095. Authorization of fiscal year 2015 
major medical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Sec. 1096. Designation of construction agent for 
certain construction projects by Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 1097. Department of Defense strategy for 
countering unconventional war-fare. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
Sec. 1101. Procedures for reduction in force of 
Department of Defense civilian personnel. 
Sec. 1102. One-year extension of temporary au-
thority to grant allowances, bene-fits, and gratuities to civilian per-sonnel on official duty in a com-bat zone. 
Sec. 1103. Extension of rate of overtime pay for 
Department of the Navy employ-ees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nu-clear-powered aircraft carrier for-ward deployed in Japan. 
Sec. 1104. Modification to temporary authorities 
for certain positions at Depart-ment of Defense research and en-gineering facilities. 
Sec. 1105. Required probationary period for new 
employees of the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1106. Delay of periodic step increase for ci-
vilian employees of the Depart-ment of Defense based upon unac-ceptable performance. 
Sec. 1107. United States Cyber Command work-
force. 
Sec. 1108. One-year extension of authority to 
waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limita-tion on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6342 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 1109. Pilot program on dynamic shaping of 
the workforce to improve the tech-nical skills and expertise at cer-tain Department of Defense lab-oratories. 
Sec. 1110. Pilot program on temporary exchange 
of financial management and ac-quisition personnel. 
Sec. 1111. Pilot program on enhanced pay au-
thority for certain acquisition and technology positions in the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1112. Pilot program on direct hire author-
ity for veteran technical experts into the defense acquisition work-force. 
Sec. 1113. Direct hire authority for technical ex-
perts into the defense acquisition workforce. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
Sec. 1201. One-year extension of logistical sup-
port for coalition forces sup-porting certain United States mili-tary operations. 
Sec. 1202. Strategic framework for Department 
of Defense security cooperation. 
Sec. 1203. Redesignation, modification, and ex-
tension of National Guard State Partnership Program. 
Sec. 1204. Extension of authority for non-recip-
rocal exchanges of defense per-sonnel between the United States and foreign countries. 
Sec. 1205. Monitoring and evaluation of over-
seas humanitarian, disaster, and civic aid programs of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
Sec. 1206. One-year extension of funding limita-
tions for authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. 
Sec. 1207. Authority to provide support to na-
tional military forces of allied countries for counterterrorism op-erations in Africa. 
Sec. 1208. Reports on training of foreign mili-
tary intelligence units provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1209. Prohibition on security assistance to 
entities in Yemen controlled by the Houthi movement. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
Sec. 1211. Extension and modification of Com-
manders’ Emergency Response Program. 
Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-
thority for reimbursement of cer-tain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. 
Sec. 1213. Additional matter in semiannual re-
port on enhancing security and stability in Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1214. Extension of authority to acquire 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1215. Extension of authority to transfer de-
fense articles and provide defense services to the military and secu-rity forces of Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1216. Modification of protection for Afghan 
allies. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and Iraq 
Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to support op-
erations and activities of the Of-fice of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
Sec. 1222. Strategy for the Middle East and to 
counter violent extremism. 
Sec. 1223. Modification of authority to provide 
assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Sec. 1224. Reports on United States Armed 
Forces deployed in support of Op-eration Inherent Resolve. 
Sec. 1225. Matters relating to support for the 
vetted Syrian opposition. 
Sec. 1226. Support to the Government of Jordan 
and the Government of Lebanon for border security operations. 
Sec. 1227. Sense of Congress on the security and 
protection of Iranian dissidents living in Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Iran 
Sec. 1231. Modification and extension of annual 
report on the military power of Iran. 
Sec. 1232. Sense of Congress on the Government 
of Iran’s malign activities. 
Sec. 1233. Report on military-to-military en-
gagements with Iran. 
Sec. 1234. Security guarantees to countries in 
the Middle East. 
Sec. 1235. Rule of construction. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
Sec. 1241. Notifications relating to testing, pro-
duction, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or non- state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1242. Notifications of deployment of nu-
clear weapons by Russian Federa-tion to territory of Ukrainian Re-public or Russian territory of Kaliningrad. 
Sec. 1243. Measures in response to non-compli-
ance by the Russian Federation with its obligations under the INF Treaty. 
Sec. 1244. Modification of notification and as-
sessment of proposal to modify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Russian Federa-tion under the Open Skies Treaty. 
Sec. 1245. Prohibition on availability of funds 
relating to sovereignty of the Rus-sian Federation over Crimea. 
Sec. 1246. Limitation on military cooperation 
between the United States and the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1247. Report on implementation of the New 
START Treaty. 
Sec. 1248. Additional matters in annual report 
on military and security develop-ments involving the Russian Fed-eration. 
Sec. 1249. Report on alternative capabilities to 
procure and sustain nonstandard rotary wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
Sec. 1250. Ukraine Security Assistance Initia-
tive. 
Sec. 1251. Training for Eastern European na-
tional military forces in the course of multilateral exercises. 
Subtitle F—Matters Relating to the Asia-Pacific 
Region 
Sec. 1261. Strategy to promote United States in-
terests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
Sec. 1262. Requirement to submit Department of 
Defense policy regarding foreign disclosure or technology release of Aegis Ashore capability to Japan. 
Sec. 1263. South China Sea Initiative. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1271. Two-year extension and modification 
of authorization for non-conven-tional assisted recovery capabili-ties. 
Sec. 1272. Amendment to the annual report 
under Arms Control and Disar-mament Act. Sec. 1273. Extension of authorization to con-
duct activities to enhance the ca-pability of foreign countries to re-spond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction. 
Sec. 1274. Modification of authority for support 
of special operations to combat terrorism. 
Sec. 1275. Limitation on availability of funds to 
implement the Arms Trade Treaty. 
Sec. 1276. Report on the security relationship 
between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
Sec. 1277. Sense of Congress on European de-
fense and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
Sec. 1278. Briefing on the sale of certain fighter 
aircraft to Qatar. 
Sec. 1279. United States-Israel anti-tunnel co-
operation. 
Sec. 1280. NATO Special Operations Head-
quarters. 
Sec. 1281. Increased presence of United States 
ground forces in Eastern Europe to deter aggression on the border of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat 
Reduction funds. 
Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. 
Sec. 1402. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1403. Chemical Agents and Munitions De-
struction, Defense. 
Sec. 1404. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1405. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1406. Defense Health Program. Sec. 1407. National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. 
Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
Sec. 1411. Extension of date for completion of 
destruction of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and muni-tions. 
Subtitle C—Working-Capital Funds 
Sec. 1421. Limitation on cessation or suspension 
of distribution of funds from De-partment of Defense working-cap-ital funds. 
Sec. 1422. Working-capital fund reserve account 
for petroleum market price fluc-tuations. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Sec. 1431. Authority for transfer of funds to 
Joint Department of Defense-De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
Sec. 1432. Authorization of appropriations for 
Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 1501. Purpose and treatment of certain au-
thorizations of appropriations. 
Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1508. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1509. Defense Health program. Sec. 1510. Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional authoriza-
tions. 
Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6343 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 1531. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. 
Sec. 1532. Joint Improvised Explosive Device 
Defeat Fund. 
Sec. 1533. Availability of Joint Improvised Ex-
plosive Device Defeat Fund for training of foreign security forces to defeat improvised explosive de-vices. 
Sec. 1534. Comptroller General report on use of 
certain funds provided for oper-ation and maintenance. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
Sec. 1601. Major force program and budget for 
national security space programs. 
Sec. 1602. Principal advisor on space control. Sec. 1603. Council on Oversight of the Depart-
ment of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enter-prise. 
Sec. 1604. Modification to development of space 
science and technology strategy. 
Sec. 1605. Delegation of authority regarding 
purchase of Global Positioning System user equipment. 
Sec. 1606. Rocket propulsion system develop-
ment program. 
Sec. 1607. Exception to the prohibition on con-
tracting with Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1608. Acquisition strategy for evolved ex-
pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1609. Allocation of funding for evolved ex-
pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1610. Consolidation of acquisition of wide-
band satellite communications. 
Sec. 1611. Analysis of alternatives for wide- 
band communications. 
Sec. 1612. Expansion of goals and modification 
of pilot program for acquisition of commercial satellite communica-tion services. 
Sec. 1613. Integrated policy to deter adversaries 
in space. 
Sec. 1614. Prohibition on reliance on China and 
Russia for space-based weather data. 
Sec. 1615. Limitation on availability of funds 
for weather satellite follow-on system. 
Sec. 1616. Limitations on availability of funds 
for the Defense Meteorological Satellite program. 
Sec. 1617. Streamline of commercial space 
launch activities. 
Sec. 1618. Plan on full integration and exploi-
tation of overhead persistent in-frared capability. 
Sec. 1619. Options for rapid space reconstitu-
tion. 
Sec. 1620. Evaluation of exploitation of space- 
based infrared system against ad-ditional threats. 
Sec. 1621. Quarterly reports on Global Posi-
tioning System III space segment, Global Positioning System oper-ational control segment, and Mili-tary Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 1622. Sense of Congress on missile defense 
sensors in space. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-Related Activities 
Sec. 1631. Executive agent for open-source intel-
ligence tools. 
Sec. 1632. Waiver and congressional notifica-
tion requirements related to facili-ties for intelligence collection or for special operations abroad. 
Sec. 1633. Prohibition on National Intelligence 
Program consolidation. Sec. 1634. Limitation on availability of funds 
for Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
Sec. 1635. Department of Defense intelligence 
needs. 
Sec. 1636. Report on management of certain 
programs of Defense intelligence elements. 
Sec. 1637. Report on Air National Guard con-
tributions to the RQ–4 Global Hawk mission. 
Sec. 1638. Government Accountability Office re-
view of intelligence input to the defense acquisition process. 
Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
Sec. 1641. Codification and addition of liability 
protections relating to reporting on cyber incidents or penetrations of networks and information sys-tems of certain contractors. 
Sec. 1642. Authorization of military cyber oper-
ations. 
Sec. 1643. Limitation on availability of funds 
pending the submission of inte-grated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. 
Sec. 1644. Authorization for procurement of 
relocatable Sensitive Compart-mented Information Facility. 
Sec. 1645. Designation of military department 
entity responsible for acquisition of critical cyber capabilities. 
Sec. 1646. Assessment of capabilities of United 
States Cyber Command to defend the United States from cyber at-tacks. 
Sec. 1647. Evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of 
major weapon systems of the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1648. Comprehensive plan and biennial ex-
ercises on responding to cyber at-tacks. 
Sec. 1649. Sense of Congress on reviewing and 
considering findings and rec-ommendations of Council of Gov-ernors on cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
Sec. 1651. Assessment of threats to National 
Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System. 
Sec. 1652. Organization of nuclear deterrence 
functions of the Air Force. 
Sec. 1653. Procurement authority for certain 
parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. 
Sec. 1654. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for de-alerting intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
Sec. 1655. Assessment of global nuclear environ-
ment. 
Sec. 1656. Annual briefing on the costs of for-
ward-deploying nuclear weapons in Europe. 
Sec. 1657. Report on the number of planned 
long-range standoff weapons. 
Sec. 1658. Review of Comptroller General of the 
United States on recommenda-tions relating to nuclear enter-prise of the Department of De-fense. 
Sec. 1659. Sense of Congress on organization of 
Navy for nuclear deterrence mis-sion. 
Sec. 1660. Sense of Congress on the nuclear 
force improvement program of the Air Force. 
Sec. 1661. Senses of Congress on importance of 
cooperation and collaboration be-tween United States and United Kingdom on nuclear issues and on 60th anniversary of Fleet Ballistic Missile Program. 
Sec. 1662. Sense of Congress on plan for imple-
mentation of Nuclear Enterprise Reviews. 
Sec. 1663. Sense of Congress and report on mile-
stone A decision on long-range standoff weapon. Sec. 1664. Sense of Congress on policy on the 
nuclear triad. 
Sec. 1665. Report relating to the costs associated 
with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile. 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 1671. Prohibitions on providing certain 
missile defense information to Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1672. Prohibition on integration of missile 
defense systems of Russian Fed-eration into missile defense sys-tems of United States. 
Sec. 1673. Prohibition on integration of missile 
defense systems of China into mis-sile defense systems of United States. 
Sec. 1674. Limitations on availability of funds 
for Patriot lower tier air and mis-sile defense capability of the Army. 
Sec. 1675. Integration and interoperability of 
air and missile defense capabili-ties of the United States. 
Sec. 1676. Integration and interoperability of 
allied missile defense capabilities. 
Sec. 1677. Missile defense capability in Europe. Sec. 1678. Availability of funds for Iron Dome 
short-range rocket defense system. 
Sec. 1679. Israeli cooperative missile defense 
program codevelopment and co-production. 
Sec. 1680. Boost phase defense system. Sec. 1681. Development and deployment of mul-
tiple-object kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland. 
Sec. 1682. Requirement to replace capability en-
hancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicles. 
Sec. 1683. Designation of preferred location of 
additional missile defense site in the United States and plan for ex-pediting deployment time of such site. 
Sec. 1684. Additional missile defense sensor cov-
erage for protection of United States homeland. 
Sec. 1685. Concept development of space-based 
missile defense layer. 
Sec. 1686. Aegis Ashore capability development. Sec. 1687. Development of requirements to sup-
port integrated air and missile de-fense capabilities. 
Sec. 1688. Extension of requirement for Comp-
troller General of the United States review and assessment of missile defense acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 1689. Report on medium range ballistic mis-
sile defense sensor alternatives for enhanced defense of Hawaii. 
Sec. 1690. Sense of Congress and report on vali-
dated military requirement and Milestone A decision on prompt global strike weapon system. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 2001. Short title. 
Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and 
amounts required to be specified by law. 
Sec. 2003. Effective date. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2104. Authorization of appropriations, 
Army. 
Sec. 2105. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6344 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 2106. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2107. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2108. Additional authority to carry out cer-
tain fiscal year 2016 project. 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, 
Navy. 
Sec. 2205. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air 
Force. 
Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2010 project. 
Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. 
Sec. 2308. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2309. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2310. Certification of optimal location for 
Joint Intelligence Analysis Com-plex and plan for rotation of forces at Lajes Field, Azores. 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation 
projects. 
Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, De-
fense Agencies. 
Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2407. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
Sec. 2408. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. 
TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, 
NATO. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard 
construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construc-
tion and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine 
Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, Na-
tional Guard and Reserve. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
Sec. 2611. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 projects. 
Sec. 2613. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2614. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for 
base realignment and closure ac-tivities funded through Depart-ment of Defense base closure ac-count. 
Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional 
Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and 
Military Family Housing Changes 
Sec. 2801. Revision of congressional notification 
thresholds for reserve facility ex-penditures and contributions to reflect congressional notification thresholds for minor construction and repair projects. 
Sec. 2802. Extension of temporary, limited au-
thority to use operation and 
maintenance funds for construc-tion projects outside the United States. 
Sec. 2803. Defense laboratory modernization 
pilot program. 
Sec. 2804. Temporary authority for acceptance 
and use of contributions for cer-tain construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually ben-eficial to the Department of De-fense and Kuwait military forces. 
Sec. 2805. Conveyance to Indian tribes of 
relocatable military housing units at military installations in the United States. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
Sec. 2811. Protection of Department of Defense 
installations. 
Sec. 2812. Enhancement of authority to accept 
conditional gifts of real property on behalf of military service acad-emies. 
Sec. 2813. Utility system conveyance authority. Sec. 2814. Leasing of non-excess property of 
military departments and Defense Agencies; treatment of value pro-vided by local education agencies and elementary and secondary schools. 
Sec. 2815. Force-structure plan and infrastruc-
ture inventory and assessment of infrastructure necessary to sup-port the force structure. 
Sec. 2816. Temporary reporting requirements re-
lated to main operating bases, for-ward operating sites, and cooper-ative security locations. 
Sec. 2817. Exemption of Army off-site use and 
off-site removal only non-mobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements. Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Asia-Pacific 
Military Realignment 
Sec. 2821. Limited exception to restriction on 
development of public infrastruc-ture in connection with realign-ment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region. 
Sec. 2822. Annual report on Government of 
Japan contributions toward re-alignment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region. 
Subtitle D—Land Conveyances 
Sec. 2831. Release of reversionary interest re-
tained as part of conveyance to the Economic Development Alli-ance of Jefferson County, Arkan-sas. 
Sec. 2832. Land exchange authority, Mare Is-
land Army Reserve Center, Vallejo, California. 
Sec. 2833. Land exchange, Navy Outlying 
Landing Field, Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Florida. 
Sec. 2834. Release of property interests retained 
in connection with land convey-ance, Camp Villere, Louisiana. 
Sec. 2835. Release of property interests retained 
in connection with land convey-ance, Fort Bliss Military Reserva-tion, Texas. 
Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals 
Sec. 2841. Additional withdrawal and reserva-
tion of public land, Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, California. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Sec. 2851. Modification of Department of De-
fense guidance on use of airfield pavement markings. 
Sec. 2852. Extension of authority for establish-
ment of commemorative work in honor of Brigadier General Francis Marion. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Adminis-
tration. 
Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Sec. 3111. Improvement to accountability of De-
partment of Energy employees and projects. 
Sec. 3112. Stockpile responsiveness program. Sec. 3113. Notification of cost overruns and Se-
lected Acquisition Reports for major alteration projects. 
Sec. 3114. Root cause analyses for certain cost 
overruns. 
Sec. 3115. Funding of laboratory-directed re-
search and development pro-grams. 
Sec. 3116. Hanford Waste Treatment and Immo-
bilization Plant contract over-sight. 
Sec. 3117. Use of best practices for capital asset 
projects and nuclear weapon life extension programs. 
Sec. 3118. Research and development of ad-
vanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. 
Sec. 3119. Disposition of weapons-usable pluto-
nium. 
Sec. 3120. Establishment of microlab pilot pro-
gram. 
Sec. 3121. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for provision of defense nuclear nonproliferation assistance to Russian Federation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6345 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 3122. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for new fixed site radiological por-tal monitors in foreign countries. 
Sec. 3123. Limitation on availability of funds 
for certain arms control and non-proliferation technologies. 
Sec. 3124. Limitation on availability of funds 
for nuclear weapons dismantle-ment. 
Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
Sec. 3131. Long-term plan for meeting national 
security requirements for unencumbered uranium. 
Sec. 3132. Defense nuclear nonproliferation 
management plan and reports. 
Sec. 3133. Plan for deactivation and decommis-
sioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities. 
Sec. 3134. Assessment of emergency prepared-
ness of defense nuclear facilities. 
Sec. 3135. Modifications to cost-benefit analyses 
for competition of management and operating contracts. 
Sec. 3136. Interagency review of applications 
for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology. 
Sec. 3137. Governance and management of nu-
clear security enterprise. 
Sec. 3138. Annual report on number of full-time 
equivalent employees and con-tractor employees. 
Sec. 3139. Development of strategy on risks to 
nonproliferation caused by addi-tive manufacturing. 
Sec. 3140. Plutonium pit production capacity. Sec. 3141. Assessments on nuclear proliferation 
risks and nuclear nonprolifera-tion opportunities. 
Sec. 3142. Analysis of alternatives for Mobile 
Guardian Transporter program. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
Sec. 3201. Authorization. 
Sec. 3202. Administration of Defense Nuclear 
Facilities Safety Board. 
TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM 
RESERVES 
Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME 
ADMINISTRATION 
Sec. 3501. Authorization of the Maritime Ad-
ministration. 
Sec. 3502. Sense of Congress regarding Maritime 
Security Fleet program. 
Sec. 3503. Update of references to the Secretary 
of Transportation regarding un-employment insurance and vessel operators. 
Sec. 3504. Payment for Maritime Security Fleet 
vessels. 
Sec. 3505. Melville Hall of United States Mer-
chant Marine Academy. 
Sec. 3506. Cadet commitment agreements. Sec. 3507. Student incentive payment agree-
ments. 
Sec. 3508. Short sea transportation defined. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding 
tables. 
Sec. 4002. Clarification of applicability of un-
distributed reductions of certain operation and maintenance fund-ing among all operation and maintenance funding. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
Sec. 4101. Procurement. 
Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency 
operations. 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. 
Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for over-
seas contingency operations. 
Sec. 4303. Operation and maintenance base re-
quirements. 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 4401. Military personnel. 
Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas con-
tingency operations. 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. 
Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas 
contingency operations. 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 4601. Military construction. 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national secu-
rity programs. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense 
committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the pur-
poses of complying with the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by ref-erence to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congres-sional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first on the con-ference report or amendment between the Houses. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
Sec. 111. Prioritization of upgraded UH–60 
Blackhawk helicopters within Army National Guard. 
Sec. 112. Roadmap for replacement of A/MH–6 
Mission Enhanced Little Bird air-craft to meet special operations requirements. 
Sec. 113. Report on options to accelerate re-
placement of UH–60A Blackhawk helicopters of Army National Guard. 
Sec. 114. Sense of Congress on tactical wheeled 
vehicle protection kits. 
Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
Sec. 121. Modification of CVN–78 class aircraft 
carrier program. 
Sec. 122. Amendment to cost limitation baseline 
for CVN–78 class aircraft carrier program. 
Sec. 123. Extension and modification of limita-
tion on availability of funds for Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 124. Modification to multiyear procurement 
authority for Arleigh Burke class destroyers and associated systems. 
Sec. 125. Procurement of additional Arleigh 
Burke class destroyer. 
Sec. 126. Refueling and complex overhaul of the 
U.S.S. George Washington. 
Sec. 127. Fleet Replenishment Oiler Program. Sec. 128. Limitation on availability of funds for 
U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN– 79). 
Sec. 129. Limitation on availability of funds for 
U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80). 
Sec. 130. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 131. Reporting requirement for Ohio-class 
replacement submarine program. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
Sec. 141. Backup inventory status of A–10 air-
craft. 
Sec. 142. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of A–10 aircraft. 
Sec. 143. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of EC–130H Com-pass Call aircraft. 
Sec. 144. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar Sys-tem, EC–130H Compass Call, and Airborne Warning and Control System aircraft. 
Sec. 145. Limitation on availability of funds for 
F–35A aircraft procurement. 
Sec. 146. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of KC–10 aircraft. 
Sec. 147. Limitation on availability of funds for 
transfer of C–130 aircraft. 
Sec. 148. Limitation on availability of funds for 
executive communications up-grades for C–20 and C–37 aircraft. 
Sec. 149. Limitation on availability of funds for 
T–1A Jayhawk aircraft. 
Sec. 150. Notification of retirement of B–1, B–2, 
and B–52 bomber aircraft. 
Sec. 151. Inventory requirement for fighter air-
craft of the Air Force. 
Sec. 152. Sense of Congress regarding the 
OCONUS basing of F–35A air-craft. 
Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
Sec. 161. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Joint Battle Command–Platform. 
Sec. 162. Report on Army and Marine Corps 
modernization plan for small arms. 
Sec. 163. Study on use of different types of en-
hanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4101. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. PRIORITIZATION OF UPGRADED UH–60 
BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS WITHIN ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) P RIORITIZATION OF UPGRADES .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau shall issue guidance regarding the fielding of upgraded UH–60 Blackhawk helicopters to units of the Army National Guard. Such guid-ance shall prioritize for such fielding the units of the Army National Guard with assigned UH– 60 helicopters that have the most flight hours and the highest annual usage rates within the UH–60 fleet of the Army National Guard, con-sistent with the force generation unit readiness requirements of the Army. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the 
date on which the Chief of the National Guard Bureau issues the guidance under subsection (a), the Chief shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that details such guidance. 
SEC. 112. ROADMAP FOR REPLACEMENT OF A/MH– 
6 MISSION ENHANCED LITTLE BIRD AIRCRAFT TO MEET SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R OADMAP .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a roadmap for replac-ing A/MH–6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird air-craft to meet the rotary-wing, light attack, re-connaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The roadmap under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6346 September 29, 2015 
(1) An updated schedule and display of pro-
grammed A/MH–6 Block 3.0 modernization and upgrades, showing usable life of the fleet, and the anticipated service life extensions of all A/ MH–6 platforms. 
(2) A description of current and anticipated 
rotary-wing, light attack, reconnaissance re-quirements and platforms particular to special operations, including key performance param-eters of anticipated platforms. 
(3) The feasibility of service-common platforms 
satisfying future rotary-wing, light attack, re-connaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
(4) The feasibility of commercially available 
platforms satisfying future rotary-wing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
(5) The anticipated funding requirements for 
the special operation forces major force program for the development and procurement of an A/ MH–6 replacement platform if the service-com-mon platforms described in paragraph (3) are not available or if commercially available plat-forms described in paragraph (4) are leveraged. 
(6) A description of efforts as of the date of 
the roadmap to coordinate with the military de-partments on a service-common platform to sat-isfy replacement platform requirements. 
(7) Any other matters the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
SEC. 113. REPORT ON OPTIONS TO ACCELERATE 
REPLACEMENT OF UH–60A BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS OF ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
Not later than March 1, 2016, the Secretary of 
the Army shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report containing detailed options for the potential acceleration of the re-placement of all UH–60A helicopters of the Army National Guard by not later than September 30, 2020. The report shall include the following: 
(1) The additional funding and quantities re-
quired, listed by each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, for H–60M production, UH–60A- to-L RECAP, and UH–60L-to-V RECAP that is necessary to achieve such replacement of all UH–60A helicopters by September 30, 2020. 
(2) Any industrial base limitations that may 
affect such acceleration, including with respect to the production schedules for the other variants of the UH–60 helicopter. 
(3) The potential effects of such acceleration 
on the planned replacement of all UH–60A heli-copters of the regular components of the Armed Forces by September 30, 2025. 
(4) Identification of any additional funding or 
resources required to train members of the Na-tional Guard to operate and maintain UH–60M aircraft in order to achieve such replacement of all UH–60A helicopters by September 30, 2020. 
(5) Any other matters the Secretary determines 
appropriate. 
SEC. 114. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TACTICAL 
WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) members of the Army face an increasingly 
complex and evolving threat environment that requires advanced and effective technology to protect soldiers while allowing the soldiers to ef-fectively carry out the mission of the Army; 
(2) the heavy tactical vehicle protection kits 
program provides the Army with improved and necessary ballistic protection for the heavy tac-tical vehicle fleet; 
(3) a secure heavy tactical vehicle fleet pro-
vides the Army with greater logistical tracta-bility and offers soldiers the necessary flexibility to tailor armor levels based on threat levels and mission requirements; and 
(4) as Congress provides for a modern and se-
cure Army, it is necessary to provide the appro-priate funding levels to meet the tactical wheeled vehicle protection kits acquisition ob-jectives of the Army. Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. MODIFICATION OF CVN–78 CLASS AIR-
CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORTS ON DESIGN AND ENGINEERING  
CHANGES .—Subsection (f) of section 122 of the 
John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as added by section 121(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 692), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) CVN–78 
CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIERS CHANGE  
ORDERS .— 
‘‘(A) As part of each report required under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall include a de-scription of new design and engineering changes to CVN–78 class aircraft carriers if applicable. 
‘‘(B) The additional reporting requirement in 
subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to CVN–78 class aircraft carriers in each reporting period— 
‘‘(i) any design or engineering change with an 
associated cost greater than $5,000,000; 
‘‘(ii) any program or ship cost increases for 
each design or engineering change identified in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(iii) any cost reduction achieved. ‘‘(C) The Secretary and the Chief of Naval 
Operations, without delegation, shall jointly certify the design and engineering changes in-cluded in each report under paragraph (1), as required by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph. Each certification shall include a determination that each such change— 
‘‘(i) serves the national security interests of 
the United States; and 
‘‘(ii) cannot be deferred to a future ship be-
cause of operational necessity, safety, or sub-stantial cost reduction that still meets threshold requirements.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sub-
section is further amended— 
(1) by striking the heading and inserting the 
following new heading: ‘‘R EQUIREMENTS FOR  
CVN–78 C LASS AIRCRAFT CARRIERS ’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking the heading 
and inserting the following new heading: ‘‘CVN–
79 QUARTERLY COST ESTIMATE ’’. 
SEC. 122. AMENDMENT TO COST LIMITATION 
BASELINE FOR CVN–78 CLASS AIR-CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
(a) C OSTLIMITATION .—Section 122(a)(2) of the 
John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as amended by section 121(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 691), is further amended by striking ‘‘$11,498,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$11,398,000,000’’. 
(b) F
ACTOR FOR ADJUSTMENT .—Subsection (b) 
of such section 122, as amended by section 121(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) With respect to the aircraft carrier des-
ignated as CVN–79, the amounts of increases not exceeding $100,000,000 if the Chief of Naval Op-erations determines that achieving the amount set forth in subsection (a)(2) (as amended by section 122(a) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016) would result in unacceptable reductions to the operational ca-pability of the ship.’’. 
SEC. 123. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF LIM-
ITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
Section 124(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 693), as amended by section 123 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3314), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this Act, the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, or other-wise made available for fiscal years 2014 or 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2014, 2015, or 2016’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(6) A Littoral Combat Ship seaframe acquisi-
tion strategy for the Littoral Combat Ships des-ignated as LCS 25 through LCS 32, including upgrades to be installed on these ships that were identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is proposed to commence with LCS 33. 
‘‘(7) A Littoral Combat Ship mission module 
acquisition strategy to reach the total acquisi-tion quantity of each mission module. 
‘‘(8) A cost and schedule plan to outfit Flight 
0 and Flight 0+ Littoral Combat Ships with ca-pabilities identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship. 
‘‘(9) A current Test and Evaluation Master 
Plan for the Littoral Combat Ship Mission Mod-ules, approved by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, which includes the per-formance levels expected to be demonstrated during developmental testing for each compo-nent and mission module prior to commencing the associated operational test phase.’’. 
SEC. 124. MODIFICATION TO MULTIYEAR PRO-
CUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR ARLEIGH BURKE CLASS DESTROY-ERS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS. 
Section 123(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1655) is amended by inserting ‘‘or Flight III’’ after ‘‘Flight IIA’’. 
SEC. 125. PROCUREMENT OF ADDITIONAL 
ARLEIGH BURKE CLASS DESTROYER. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT AUTHORITY .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL DESTROYER .—The Secretary of 
the Navy may procure one Arleigh Burke class destroyer, in addition to any other procurement of such ships otherwise authorized by law, to be procured either— 
(A) as an addition to the contract covering the 
10 Arleigh Burke class destroyers authorized to be procured under section 123 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1655); or 
(B) under a separate contract in fiscal year 
2018. 
(2) I
NCREMENTAL FUNDING .—The Secretary 
may employ incremental funding for the pro-curement authorized under paragraph (1). 
(b) C
ONDITION ON OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-
section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under such contract for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 is subject to the availability of appro-priations for that purpose for such fiscal year. 
SEC. 126. REFUELING AND COMPLEX OVERHAUL 
OF THE U.S.S. GEORGE WASH-INGTON. 
(a) R EFUELING AND COMPLEX OVERHAUL .— 
The Secretary of the Navy may carry out the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of the U.S.S. George Washington (CVN–73). 
(b) U
SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re-
spect to any contract entered into under sub-section (a) for the nuclear refueling and com-plex overhaul of the U.S.S. George Washington, the Secretary may use incremental funding for a period not to exceed six years after advance pro-curement funds for such nuclear refueling and complex overhaul effort are first obligated. 
(c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—Any contract entered into under sub-
section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for that later fiscal year. 
SEC. 127. FLEET REPLENISHMENT OILER PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
the Navy may enter into one or more contracts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6347 September 29, 2015 
to procure up to six Fleet Replenishment Oilers. 
Such procurements may also include advance procurement for economic order quantity and long lead time materials, beginning with the lead ship, commencing not earlier than fiscal year 2016. 
(b) L
IABILITY .—Any contract entered into 
under subsection (a) shall provide that any obli-gation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at the time of termination. 
SEC. 128. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR U.S.S. JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN–79). 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN–79), $100,000,000 may not be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense com-mittees the certification under subsection (b)(1) or the notification under paragraph (2) of such subsection, as the case may be, and the reports under subsections (c) and (d). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING FULL SHIP 
SHOCK TRIALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided by para-
graph (2), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a certification that the Navy will conduct full ship shock trials on the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford (CVN–78) prior to the first de-ployment of such ship. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the certification required under para-graph (1) if the Secretary submits to the con-gressional defense committees a notification of such waiver, including— 
(A) the rationale of the Secretary for issuing 
such waiver; 
(B) a certification that the Secretary has ana-
lyzed and accepts the operational risk of the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford deploying without having conducted full ship shock trials; and 
(C) a certification that full ship shock trials 
will be completed on the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford after the first deployment of such ship and prior to the first major maintenance availability of such ship. 
(c) R
EPORT ON COSTS RELATING TO CVN–79 
ANDCVN–80.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report that evalu-ates cost issues related to the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN–79) and the U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following: 
(A) Options to achieve ship end cost of no 
more than $10,000,000,000. 
(B) Options to freeze the design of CVN–79 for 
CVN–80, with exceptions only for changes due to full ship shock trials or other significant test and evaluation results. 
(C) Options to reduce the plans cost for CVN– 
80 to less than 50 percent of the CVN–79 plans cost. 
(D) Options to transition all non-nuclear Gov-
ernment-furnished equipment, including launch and arresting equipment, to contractor-fur-nished equipment. 
(E) Options to build the ships at the most eco-
nomic pace, such as four years between ships. 
(F) A business case analysis for the Enterprise 
Air Search Radar modification to CVN–79 and CVN–80. 
(G) A business case analysis for the two-phase 
CVN–79 delivery proposal and impact on fleet deployments. 
(d) R
EPORT ON FUTURE DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on po-tential requirements, capabilities, and alter-natives for the future development of aircraft carriers that would replace or supplement the CVN–78 class aircraft carrier. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of fleet, sea-based tactical 
aviation capability requirements for a range of operational scenarios beginning in the 2025 timeframe. 
(B) A description of alternative aircraft car-
rier designs that meet the requirements described under subparagraph (A). 
(C) A description of nuclear and non-nuclear 
propulsion options. 
(D) A description of tonnage options ranging 
from less than 20,000 tons to greater than 100,000 tons. 
(E) Requirements for unmanned systems inte-
gration from inception. 
(F) Developmental, procurement, and lifecycle 
cost assessment of alternatives. 
(G) A notional acquisition strategy for the de-
velopment and construction of alternatives. 
(H) A description of shipbuilding industrial 
base considerations and a plan to ensure oppor-tunity for competition among alternatives. 
(I) A description of funding and timing con-
siderations related to developing the Annual Long-Range Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 129. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR U.S.S. ENTERPRISE (CVN–80). 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for advance pro-curement for the U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80), $191,400,000 may not be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense com-mittees the certification under subsection (b) and the report under subsection (c). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING CVN–80 D E-
SIGN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certification that the design of the U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80) will repeat the de-sign of CVN–79, with modifications only for sig-nificant test and evaluation results or signifi-cant cost reduction initiatives that still meet threshold requirements. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report that details the costs of the plans related to the U.S.S. En-terprise (CVN–80). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following elements, re-ported by total cost and cost by fiscal year, with a detailed description and a justification for why each cost is recurring and attributable to the U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80): 
(A) Overall plans. (B) Propulsion plant detail design. (C) Platform detail design. (D) Lead yard services and hull planning 
yard. 
(E) Platform detail design (Steam and Electric 
Plant Planning Yard). 
(F) Other. 
SEC. 130. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research and development, design, construction, procurement, or advanced pro-curement of materials for the Littoral Combat Ships designated as LCS 33 or subsequent, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until Secretary of the Navy submits to 
the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives each of the following: 
(1) A capabilities based assessment, or equiva-
lent report, to assess capability gaps and associ-ated capability requirements and risks for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is pro-posed to commence with LCS 33. Such assess-ment shall conform with the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System, including Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruc-tion 3170.01H. 
(2) A certification that the Joint Requirements 
Oversight Council has validated an updated Ca-pabilities Development Document for the up-graded Littoral Combat Ship. 
(3) A report describing the upgraded Littoral 
Combat Ship modernization, which shall, at a minimum, include the following elements: 
(A) A description of capabilities that the Lit-
toral Combat Ship program delivers, and a de-scription of how these relate to the characteris-tics of the future joint force identified in the Capstone Concept for Joint Operations, concept of operations, and integrated architecture docu-ments. 
(B) A summary of analyses and studies con-
ducted on Littoral Combat Ship modernization. 
(C) A concept of operations for Littoral Com-
bat Ship at the operational level and tactical level describing how they integrate and syn-chronize with joint and combined forces to achieve the Joint Force Commander’s intent. 
(D) A description of threat systems of poten-
tial adversaries that are projected or assessed to reach initial operational capability within 15 years against which the lethality and surviv-ability of the Littoral Combat Ship should be de-termined. 
(E) A plan and timeline for Littoral Combat 
Ship modernization program execution. 
(F) A description of system capabilities re-
quired for Littoral Combat Ship modernization, including key performance parameters and key system attributes. 
(G) A plan for family of systems or systems of 
systems synchronization. 
(H) A plan for information technology and 
national security systems supportability. 
(I) A plan for intelligence supportability. (J) A plan for electromagnetic environmental 
effects and spectrum supportability. 
(K) A description of assets required to achieve 
initial operational capability of a Littoral Com-bat Ship modernization increment. 
(L) A schedule and initial operational capa-
bility and full operational capability definitions. 
(M) A description of doctrine, organization, 
training, materiel, leadership, education, per-sonnel, facilities, and policy considerations. 
(N) A description of other system attributes. (4) A plan for future periodic combat systems 
upgrades, which are necessary to ensure rel-evant capability throughout the Littoral Combat Ship or Frigate class service lives, using the process described in paragraph (3). 
SEC. 131. REPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR OHIO- 
CLASS REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE PROGRAM. 
If the budget of the President submitted to 
Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for a fiscal year includes a request for funds for the Ohio-class replacement sub-marine program, the Secretary of Defense shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Depart-ment of Defense budget for such fiscal year a re-port that includes the following elements re-garding such program (described in terms of both fiscal year 2010 dollars and current fiscal year dollars as of the date of the report): 
(1) Lead ship end cost (with plans). (2) Lead ship end cost (less plans). (3) Lead ship non-recurring engineering cost. (4) Average follow-on ship cost. (5) Average operations and sustainment cost 
per hull per year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6348 September 29, 2015 
(6) The average follow-on ship affordability 
target as determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics. 
(7) The operations and sustainment cost per 
hull per year affordability target as determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics. 
Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 141. BACKUP INVENTORY STATUS OF A–10 
AIRCRAFT. 
(a) M AXIMUM NUMBER .—In carrying out sec-
tion 133(b)(2)(A) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3316), the Secretary of the Air Force may not move more than 18 A–10 aircraft in the active component to backup flying status pursuant to an authorization made by the Sec-retary of Defense under such section. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such section 
133(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘36’’ and in-serting ‘‘18’’. 
SEC. 142. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF A–10 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORRETIREMENT .—Except as provided by sec-
tion 141, none of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inven-tory status any A–10 aircraft. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIRE -
MENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided by sec-
tion 141, and in addition to the limitation in subsection (a), during the period before Decem-ber 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying status any A–10 aircraft. 
(2) M
INIMUM INVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inven-tory. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORSIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEV-
ELS.—None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be ob-ligated or expended to make significant reduc-tions to manning levels with respect to any A– 10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON SIGNIFICANT  
REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEVELS .—In addition 
to the limitation in subsection (c), during the period before December 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not make significant reduc-tions to manning levels with respect to any A– 10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
(e) S
TUDY ON REPLACEMENT CAPABILITY RE-
QUIREMENTS OR MISSION PLATFORM FOR THE A– 
10 A IRCRAFT .— 
(1) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall commission an appropriate entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an analysis of alternatives. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subparagraph (A) shall include each of the following: 
(i) Future needs analysis for the current A–10 
aircraft mission set to include troops-in-contact/ close air support, air interdiction, strike control and reconnaissance, and combat search and res-cue support in both contested and uncontested battle environments. At a minimum, the needs analysis should specifically address the fol-lowing areas: 
(I) The ability to safely and effectively con-
duct troops-in-contact/danger close missions or missions in close proximity to civilians in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy 
ground maneuver units. 
(II) The ability to effectively target and de-
stroy moving, camouflaged, or dug-in troops, ar-tillery, armor, and armored personnel carriers. 
(III) The ability to engage, target, and destroy 
tanks and armored personnel carriers, including with respect to the carrying capacity of armor- piercing weaponry, including mounted cannons and missiles. 
(IV) The ability to remain within visual range 
of friendly forces and targets to facilitate re-sponsiveness to ground forces and minimize re- attack times. 
(V) The ability to safely conduct close air sup-
port beneath low cloud ceilings and in reduced visibilities at low airspeeds in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground ma-neuver units. 
(VI) The capability to enable the pilot and 
aircraft to survive attacks stemming from small arms, machine guns, man-portable air-defense systems, and lower caliber anti-aircraft artillery organic or attached to enemy ground forces and maneuver units. 
(VII) The ability to communicate effectively 
with ground forces and downed pilots, including in communications jamming or satellite-denied environments. 
(VIII) The ability to execute the missions de-
scribed in subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV) in a GPS- or satellite-denied environment with or without sensors. 
(IX) The ability to deliver multiple lethal fir-
ing passes and sustain long loiter endurance to support friendly forces throughout extended ground engagements. 
(X) The ability to operate from unprepared 
dirt, grass, and narrow road runways and to generate high sortie rates under these austere conditions. 
(ii) Identification and assessment of gaps in 
the ability of existing and programmed mission platforms in providing required capabilities to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iii) Assessment of operational effectiveness of 
existing and programmed mission platforms to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iv) Assessment of probability of likelihood of 
conducting missions requiring troops-in-contact/ close air support operations specified in clause (i) in contested environments as compared to uncontested environments. 
(v) Any other matters the independent entity 
or the Secretary of the Air Force determines to be appropriate. 
(2) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the assessment required under paragraph (1). 
(B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
paragraph (A) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified ex-ecutive summary and may contain an unclassi-fied annex. 
(3) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notification previously submitted to the congressional de-fense committees by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under paragraph (2) instead of includ-ing such information in such report. 
SEC. 143. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF EC– 130H COMPASS CALL AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORRETIREMENT .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any EC–130H Compass Call aircraft. (b) A
DDITIONAL PROHIBITION ON RETIRE -
MENT .—In addition to the prohibition in sub-
section (a), during the period preceding Decem-ber 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying status any EC–130H Com-pass Call aircraft. 
(c) R
EPORT ON RETIREMENT OF EC–130H C OM-
PASS CALLAIRCRAFT .—Not later than September 
30, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: 
(1) The rationale for the retirement of existing 
EC–130H Compass Call aircraft, including an operational analysis of the impact of such re-tirements on the warfighting requirements of the combatant commanders. 
(2) Future needs analysis for the current EC– 
130H Compass Call aircraft electronic warfare mission set to include suppression of sophisti-cated enemy air defense systems, advanced radar jamming, avoiding radar detection, com-munications, sensing, satellite navigation, com-mand and control, and battlefield awareness. 
(3) A review of operating concepts for airborne 
electronic attack. 
(4) An assessment of upgrades to the elec-
tronic warfare systems of EC–130H Compass Call aircraft, the costs of such upgrades, and ex-pected upgrades through 2025, and the expected service life of EC–130H Compass Call aircraft. 
(5) A review of the global proliferation of more 
sophisticated air defenses and advanced com-mercial digital electronic devices which counter the airborne electronic attack capabilities of the United States by state and non-state actors. 
(6) An assessment of the ability of the current 
EC–130H Compass Call fleet to meet tasking re-quirements of the combatant commanders. 
(7) A plan for how the Air Force will recapi-
talize the capability requirement of the EC–130H Compass Call mission in the future, whether through a replacement program or by inte-grating such capabilities onto an existing plat-form. 
(8) If the plan under paragraph (7) includes 
integrating such capabilities onto an existing platform, an analysis that verifies that such platform has the space, weight, cooling, and power necessary to support the integration of the EC–130H Compass Call capability. 
(9) Such other matters relating to the required 
mission capabilities and transition of the EC– 130H Compass Call fleet as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
(d) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (c) 
may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified executive summary and may contain an unclassified annex. 
(e) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required in the report under sub-section (c) has been included in another report or notification previously submitted to the con-gressional defense committees by law, the Sec-retary of the Air Force may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under subsection (c) instead of including such information in such report. 
SEC. 144. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM, EC–130H COMPASS CALL, AND AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2016 or 2017 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, or prepare to retire, any covered aircraft. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection 
(a) shall not apply to individual covered aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be non-operational because of mishaps, other damage, or being un-economical to repair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6349 September 29, 2015 
(c) C OVERED AIRCRAFT .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means the following: 
(1) Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar 
System aircraft. 
(2) EC–130H Compass Call aircraft. (3) Airborne Warning and Control System air-
craft. 
SEC. 145. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR F–35A AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, not more than $4,285,000,000 may be obligated for the procurement of F–35A aircraft until the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that F–35A air-craft delivered during fiscal year 2018 will have full combat capability, as determined as of the date of the enactment of this Act, with Block 3F hardware, software, and weapons carriage. 
SEC. 146. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF KC–10 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2016 or 2017 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, or prepare to retire, any KC–10 aircraft. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection 
(a) shall not apply to individual KC–10 aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be non-operational because of mishaps, other damage, or being un-economical to repair. 
SEC. 147. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OF C–130 AIR-CRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be ob-ligated or expended to transfer from one facility of the Department of Defense to another any C– 130H aircraft, initiate any C–130 manpower au-thorization adjustments, retire or prepare to re-tire any C–130H aircraft, or close any C–130H unit until a period of 90 days elapses following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Army, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Chief of Staff of the Army, in consultation with the commanders of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division, and the United States Army Special Operations Command, jointly certify to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that— 
(1) the Secretary of the Air Force will main-
tain dedicated C–130 wings to support the daily training and contingency requirements of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Divi-sion, and the United States Army Special Oper-ations Command at manning levels required to support and operate the number of aircraft that existed as part of regular and reserve Air Force operations in support of such units as of Sep-tember 30, 2014; or 
(2) the failure to maintain such dedicated C– 
130 wings will not adversely affect the daily training requirement of such airborne and spe-cial operations units. 
SEC. 148. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR EXECUTIVE COMMU-NICATIONS UPGRADES FOR C–20 AND C–37 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to upgrade the ex-ecutive communications of C–20 and C–37 air-craft until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such upgrades do not— 
(1) cause such aircraft to exceed any weight 
limitation; or 
(2) reduce the operational capability of such 
aircraft. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary— 
(1) determines that such waiver is necessary 
for the national security interests of the United States; and 
(2) notifies the congressional defense commit-
tees of such waiver. 
SEC. 149. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR T–1A JAYHAWK AIR-CRAFT. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, for avionics modification to the T–1A Jayhawk aircraft, not more than 85 percent may be obli-gated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Sec-retary of the Air Force submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report required under section 142 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3320). 
SEC. 150. NOTIFICATION OF RETIREMENT OF B–1, 
B–2, AND B–52 BOMBER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—Except as provided by 
subsection (b), during the period preceding the date on which the long-range strike bomber air-craft achieves initial operational capability, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire or pre-pare to retire covered aircraft during a fiscal year unless the Secretary includes in the defense budget materials for that fiscal year a notifica-tion of the proposed retirement, including the rationale for the retirement, the effects of the re-tirement, and how the Secretary will mitigate any risks relating to the retirement. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The notification requirement 
in subsection (a) shall not apply to individual covered aircraft that the Secretary determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be non-operational because of mishaps, other damage, or being un-economical to repair. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means B–1, B– 
2, and B–52 bomber aircraft. 
(2) The term ‘‘defense budget materials’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 231(f) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 151. INVENTORY REQUIREMENT FOR FIGHT-
ER AIRCRAFT OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) I NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—During the 
two-year period beginning on October 1, 2015, the Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total aircraft inventory of fighter aircraft of not less than 1,900 aircraft, and a total primary mis-sion aircraft inventory (combat-coded) of not less than 1,100 fighter aircraft. 
(b) B
UDGET INFORMATION REGARDING RETIRE -
MENT OF FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .— 
(1) R EPORT .—If the Secretary proposes to re-
tire fighter aircraft in a fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall include in the materials submitted in support of the budget of the President for that fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale and appropriate supporting 
analysis for the proposed retirement. 
(B) An assessment of the implications of such 
retirement for the Air Force, the Air National Guard, and the Air Force Reserve for the force mix ratio of fighter aircraft. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the pro-
posed retirement as the Secretary considers ap-propriate. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to individual fighter aircraft that the Sec-retary determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be non-operational because of mishaps, other dam-age, or being uneconomical to repair. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘fighter aircraft’’ means an air-
craft that is designated by a basic mission de-sign series of A–10, F–15, F–16, F–22, or F–35. 
(2) The term ‘‘primary mission aircraft inven-
tory’’ means aircraft assigned to meet the pri-mary aircraft authorization to a unit for the 
performance of its wartime mission. 
SEC. 152. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE 
OCONUS BASING OF F–35A AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the Depart-
ment of Defense is continuing its process of per-manently stationing the F–35 aircraft at instal-lations in the continental United States and for-ward-basing such aircraft outside the conti-nental United States. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, in the strategic basing process for the F–35A air-craft, should continue to consider the benefits derived from sites that— 
(1) are capable of hosting fighter-based bilat-
eral and multilateral training opportunities with international partners; 
(2) have sufficient airspace and range capa-
bilities and capacity to meet the training re-quirements; 
(3) have existing facilities to support per-
sonnel, operations, and logistics associated with the flying mission; 
(4) have limited encroachment that would ad-
versely impact training or operations; and 
(5) minimize the overall construction and 
operational costs. 
Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 161. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR JOINT BATTLE COM-MAND–PLATFORM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for joint battle command–platform equipment, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a pe-riod of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics sub-mits to the congressional defense committees the report under subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that provides a detailed test and evaluation plan to address the effectiveness, suitability, and survivability shortfalls of the joint battle command–platform identified by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation in the fiscal year 2014 report of the Director submitted to Congress. 
SEC. 162. REPORT ON ARMY AND MARINE CORPS 
MODERNIZATION PLAN FOR SMALL ARMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the plan of the Army and the Marine Corps to modernize small arms for the Army and the Marine Corps during the 15-year period beginning on the date of such plan, including the mechanisms to be used to promote competition among suppliers of small arms and small arms parts in achieving the plan. 
(b) S
MALL ARMS.—The small arms covered by 
the plan under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Pistols. (2) Carbines. (3) Rifles and automatic rifles. (4) Light machine guns. (5) Such other small arms as the Secretaries 
consider appropriate for purposes of the report required by subsection (a). 
(c) N
ON-STANDARD SMALL ARMS.—In addition 
to the arms specified in subsection (b), the plan under subsection (a) shall also address non- standard small arms not currently in the small arms inventory of the Army or the Marine Corps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6350 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 163. STUDY ON USE OF DIFFERENT TYPES 
OF ENHANCED 5.56MM AMMUNITION BY THE ARMY AND THE MARINE CORPS. 
(a) U SE OF DIFFERENT TYPES OF ENHANCED  
5.56MMAMMUNITION .— 
(1) S TUDY .—Not later than 30 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and develop-ment center to conduct a study on the use of different types of enhanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date on which the contract is entered into under paragraph (1), the federally funded re-search and development center conducting the study under such paragraph shall submit to the Secretary the study, including any findings and recommendations of the federally funded re-search and development center. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the Secretary receives the study under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the study. 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The study, including any findings and 
recommendations of the federally funded re-search and development center that conducted the study. 
(B) An explanation of the reasons for the 
Army and the Marine Corps to use in combat two different types of enhanced 5.56mm ammu-nition. 
(C) An explanation of the appropriateness, ef-
fectiveness, and suitability issues that may arise from the use of such different types of ammuni-tion. 
(D) An explanation of any additional costs 
that have resulted from the use of such different types of ammunition. 
(E) An explanation of any future plans of the 
Army or the Marine Corps to eventually transi-tion to using in combat one standard type of en-hanced 5.56mm ammunition. 
(F) If there are no plans described in subpara-
graph (E), an analysis of the potential benefits of a transition described in such subparagraph, including the timeline for such a transition to occur. 
(G) Any findings, recommendations, com-
ments, or plans that the Secretary determines appropriate. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, 
and Limitations 
Sec. 211. Centers for Science, Technology, and 
Engineering Partnership. 
Sec. 212. Expansion of eligibility for financial 
assistance under Department of Defense Science, Mathematics, and Research for Transformation Program to include citizens of countries participating in the Technical Cooperation Program. 
Sec. 213. Expansion of education partnerships 
to support technology transfer and transition. 
Sec. 214. Improvement to coordination and com-
munication of defense research activities. 
Sec. 215. Reauthorization of Global Research 
Watch program. 
Sec. 216. Reauthorization of defense research 
and development rapid innovation program. 
Sec. 217. Science and technology activities to 
support business systems informa-tion technology acquisition pro-grams. Sec. 218. Department of Defense technology off-
set program to build and maintain the military technological superi-ority of the United States. 
Sec. 219. Limitation on availability of funds for 
F–15 infrared search and track capability development. 
Sec. 220. Limitation on availability of funds for 
development of the shallow water combat submersible. 
Sec. 221. Limitation on availability of funds for 
the advanced development and manufacturing facility under the medical countermeasure program. 
Sec. 222. Limitation on availability of funds for 
distributed common ground sys-tem of the Army. 
Sec. 223. Limitation on availability of funds for 
distributed common ground sys-tem of the United States Special Operations Command. 
Sec. 224. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Integrated Personnel and Pay System of the Army. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 231. Streamlining the Joint Federated As-
surance Center. 
Sec. 232. Demonstration of Persistent Close Air 
Support capabilities. 
Sec. 233. Strategies for engagement with His-
torically Black Colleges and Uni-versities and Minority-serving In-stitutions of Higher Education. 
Sec. 234. Report on commercial-off-the-shelf 
wide-area surveillance systems for Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
Sec. 235. Report on Tactical Combat Training 
System Increment II. 
Sec. 236. Report on technology readiness levels 
of the technologies and capabili-ties critical to the long-range strike bomber aircraft. 
Sec. 237. Assessment of air-land mobile tactical 
communications and data net-work requirements and capabili-ties. 
Sec. 238. Study of field failures involving coun-
terfeit electronic parts. 
Sec. 239. Airborne data link plan. Sec. 240. Plan for advanced weapons tech-
nology war games. 
Sec. 241. Independent assessment of F135 engine 
program. 
Sec. 242. Comptroller General review of auto-
nomic logistics information system for F–35 Lightning II aircraft. 
Sec. 243. Sense of Congress regarding facilita-
tion of a high quality technical workforce. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation as specified in the funding table in section 4201. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. CENTERS FOR SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
AND ENGINEERING PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2367 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2368. Centers for Science, Technology, and 
Engineering Partnership 
‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—(1) The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall designate each science and technology reinvention laboratory as a Center for Science, Technology, and Engi-neering Partnership (in this section referred to as ‘Centers’) in the recognized core competencies of the designee. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a 
policy to encourage the Secretary of each mili-tary department to reengineer management and 
business processes and adopt best-business and personnel practices at the Centers of the Sec-retary concerned in connection with the capa-bility requirements of the Centers, so as to serve as recognized leaders in such capabilities throughout the Department of Defense and in the national technology and industrial base. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense, acting through 
the directors of the Centers, may conduct one or more pilot programs, consistent with applicable requirements of law, to test any practices re-ferred to in paragraph (2) that the Directors de-termine could— 
‘‘(A) improve the efficiency and effectiveness 
of operations at Centers; 
‘‘(B) improve the support provided by the Cen-
ters for the elements of the Department of De-fense who use the services of the Centers; and 
‘‘(C) enhance capabilities by reducing the cost 
and improving the performance and efficiency of executing laboratory missions. 
‘‘(b) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—(1) To 
achieve one or more objectives set forth in para-graph (2), the Secretary may authorize and es-tablish incentives for the Director of a Center to enter into public-private cooperative arrange-ments (in this section referred to as a ‘public- private partnership’) to provide for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) For employees of the Center, academia, 
private industry, State and local governments, or other entities outside the Department of De-fense to perform (under contract, subcontract, or otherwise) work related to the capabilities of the Center, including any work that— 
‘‘(i) involves one or more capabilities of the 
Center; and 
‘‘(ii) may be applicable to both the Depart-
ment and commercial entities. 
‘‘(B) For private industry or other entities 
outside the Department of Defense to use for ei-ther Government or commercial purposes any capabilities of the Center that are not fully used for Department of Defense activities for any pe-riod determined to be consistent with the needs of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) The objectives for exercising the author-
ity provided in paragraph (1) are as follows: 
‘‘(A) To maximize the use of the capacity of a 
Center. 
‘‘(B) To reduce or eliminate the cost of owner-
ship of a Center by the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(C) To reduce the cost of science, technology, 
and engineering activities of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(D) To leverage private sector investment 
in— 
‘‘(i) such efforts as research and equipment 
recapitalization for a Center; and 
‘‘(ii) the promotion of the undertaking of com-
mercial business ventures based on the capabili-ties of a Center, as determined by the director of the Center. 
‘‘(E) To foster cooperation and technology 
transfer between the armed forces, academia, private industry, and State and local govern-ments. 
‘‘(F) To increase access by a Center to a 
skilled technical workforce that can contribute to the effective and efficient execution of the missions of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(G) To increase the ability of a Center to ac-
cess and use non-Department of Defense meth-ods to develop and innovate and access capabili-ties that contribute to the effective and efficient execution of the missions of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(3)(A) Public-private partnerships entered 
into under paragraph (1) may be used for pur-poses relating to technology transfer and other authorities described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) The authorities described in this sub-
paragraph are provisions of law that provide for cooperation and partnership by the Department of Defense with academia, private industry, and State and local governments, including the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6351 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(i) Sections 3371 through 3375 of title 5. 
‘‘(ii) Sections 2194, 2358, 2371, 2511, 2539b, and 
2563 of this title. 
‘‘(iii) Section 209 of title 35. ‘‘(iv) Sections 8, 12, and 23 of the Stevenson- 
Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3706, 3710a, and 3715). 
‘‘(c) P
RIVATE SECTOR USE OF EXCESS CAPAC-
ITY.—Any capability of a Center made available 
to the private sector may be used to perform re-search and testing activities in order to make more efficient and economical use of Govern-ment-owned capabilities and encourage the cre-ation and preservation of jobs to ensure the availability of a workforce with the necessary research and technical skills to meet the needs of the armed forces. 
‘‘(d) C
REDITING OF AMOUNTS FOR PERFORM -
ANCE.—Amounts received by a Center for work 
performed under a public-private partnership may— 
‘‘(1) be credited to the appropriation or fund, 
including a working-capital or revolving fund, that incurs the cost of performing the work; or 
‘‘(2) be used by the Director of the Center as 
the Director considers appropriate and con-sistent with section 219 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF EXCESS CAPACITIES TO  
PRIVATE -SECTOR PARTNERS .—Capacities of a 
Center may be made available for use by a pri-vate-sector entity under this section only if— 
‘‘(1) the use of the capacities will not have a 
significant adverse effect on the performance of the Center or the ability of the Center to achieve the mission of the Center, as determined by the Director of the Center; and 
‘‘(2) the private-sector entity agrees— ‘‘(A) to reimburse the Department of Defense 
when required in accordance with the guidance of the Department for the direct and indirect costs (including any rental costs) that are at-tributable to the use of the capabilities by the private-sector entity, as determined by the Sec-retary of the military departments; and 
‘‘(B) to hold harmless and indemnify the 
United States from— 
‘‘(i) any claim for damages or injury to any 
person or property arising out of the use of the capabilities, except under the circumstances de-scribed in section 2563(c)(3) of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) any liability or claim for damages or in-
jury to any person or property arising out of a decision by the Secretary to suspend or termi-nate that use of capabilities during a war or na-tional emergency. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF PROVISION .—Nothing 
in this section may be construed to authorize a change, otherwise prohibited by law, from the performance of work at a Center by personnel of the Department of Defense to performance by a contractor. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘capabilities’, with respect to a 
Center for Science, Technology, and Engineer-ing Partnership, means the facilities, equipment, personnel, intellectual property, and other as-sets that support the core competencies of the Center. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘national technology and indus-
trial base’ has the meaning given that term in section 2500 of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘science and technology re-
invention laboratory’ means a science and tech-nology reinvention laboratory designated under section 1105 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2367 the following new item: 
‘‘2368. Centers for Science, Technology, and En-
gineering Partnership.’’. SEC. 212. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR FINAN-
CIAL ASSISTANCE UNDER DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE SCIENCE, MATH-EMATICS, AND RESEARCH FOR TRANSFORMATION PROGRAM TO IN-CLUDE CITIZENS OF COUNTRIES PARTICIPATING IN THE TECHNICAL COOPERATION PROGRAM. 
Section 2192a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘or, 
subject to subsection (g), a country the govern-ment of which is a party to The Technical Co-operation Program (TTCP) memorandum of un-derstanding of October 24, 1995’’ after ‘‘United States’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (h); and 
(3) by inserting after section (f) the following 
new subsection (g): 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON PARTICIPATION .—(1) The 
Secretary may not award scholarships or fellow-ships under this section to more than five indi-viduals described in paragraph (2) per year. 
‘‘(2) An individual described in this para-
graph is an individual who— 
‘‘(A) has not previously been awarded a schol-
arship or fellowship under the program under this section; 
‘‘(B) is not a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(C) is a citizen of a country the government 
of which is a party to The Technical Coopera-tion Program (TTCP) memorandum of under-standing of October 24, 1995.’’. 
SEC. 213. EXPANSION OF EDUCATION PARTNER-
SHIPS TO SUPPORT TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND TRANSITION. 
Section 2194 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘business, 
law, technology transfer or transition’’ after ‘‘mathematics,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (4): 
‘‘(4) providing in the defense laboratory sab-
batical opportunities for faculty and internship opportunities for students;’’; and 
(C) in paragraphs (5) and (6), as redesignated 
by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘research projects’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘projects, including research and technology transfer or transition projects’’. 
SEC. 214. IMPROVEMENT TO COORDINATION AND 
COMMUNICATION OF DEFENSE RE-SEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2364 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(a) C OORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , ANDTECHNO -
LOGICAL DATA.—The Secretary of Defense shall 
promote, monitor, and evaluate programs for the communication and exchange of research, devel-opment, and technological data— 
‘‘(1) among the Defense research facilities, 
combatant commands, and other organizations that are involved in developing for the Depart-ment of Defense the technological requirements for new items for use by combat forces; 
‘‘(2) among Defense research facilities and 
other offices, agencies, and bureaus in the De-partment that are engaged in related techno-logical matters; 
‘‘(3) among other research facilities and other 
departments or agencies of the Federal Govern-ment that are engaged in research, development, and technological matters; 
‘‘(4) among private commercial, research insti-
tution, and university entities engaged in re-search, development, and technological matters potentially relevant to defense on a voluntary basis; 
‘‘(5) to the extent practicable, to achieve full 
awareness of scientific and technological ad-vancement and innovation wherever it may occur, whether funded by the Department of 
Defense, another element of the Federal Govern-ment, or other entities; and 
‘‘(6) through development and distribution of 
clear technical communications to the public, military operators, acquisition organizations, and civilian and military decision-makers that conveys successes of research and engineering activities supported by the Department and the contributions of such activities to support na-tional needs.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) that the managers of such facilities have 
broad latitude to choose research and develop-ment projects based on awareness of activities throughout the technology domain, including within the Federal Government, the Department of Defense, public and private research institu-tions and universities, and the global commer-cial marketplace;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6) that, in light of Defense research facili-
ties being funded by the public, Defense re-search facilities are broadly authorized and en-couraged to support national technological de-velopment goals and support technological mis-sions of other departments and agencies of the Federal Government, when such support is de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the best interests of the Federal Government.’’. 
(3) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ and 
technology domain awareness ’’ after ‘‘ activi-
ties’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2364 and inserting the following: 
‘‘2364. Coordination and communication of de-
fense research activities and tech-nology domain awareness.’’. 
SEC. 215. REAUTHORIZATION OF GLOBAL RE-
SEARCH WATCH PROGRAM. 
Section 2365 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b), 
by inserting ‘‘and private sector persons’’ after ‘‘foreign nations’’ both places it appears; and 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 216. REAUTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 1073 of 
the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2359a note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2023’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF GUIDELINES FOR OPER-
ATION OF PROGRAM .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) The issuance of an annual broad agency 
announcement or the use of any other competi-tive or merit-based processes by the Department of Defense for candidate proposals in support of defense acquisition programs as described in subsection (a).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the second 
sentence; 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘be fund-
ed under the program for more than two years’’ and inserting ‘‘receive more than a total of two years of funding under the program’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and (4) by adding at the end, the following new 
paragraphs: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6352 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(5) Mechanisms to facilitate transition of fol-
low-on or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 819 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) or such other authorities as may be appropriate to conduct further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of tech-nologies developed under the program. 
‘‘(6) Projects are selected using merit-based se-
lection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF REPORT REQUIREMENT .—Such 
section is further amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
SEC. 217. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY ACTIVITIES 
TO SUPPORT BUSINESS SYSTEMS IN-FORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACQUISI-TION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, the Deputy Chief Management Officer, and the Chief Information Officer, shall establish a set of science, technology, and innovation activities to improve the acquisition outcomes of major automated information systems through im-proved performance and reduced developmental and life cycle costs. 
(b) E
XECUTION OF ACTIVITIES .—The activities 
established under subsection (a) shall be carried out by such military departments and Defense Agencies as the Under Secretary and the Deputy Chief Management Officer consider appropriate. 
(c) A
CTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The set of activities estab-
lished under subsection (a) may include the fol-lowing: 
(A) Development of capabilities in Department 
of Defense laboratories, test centers, and feder-ally funded research and development centers to provide technical support for acquisition pro-gram management and business process re-engi-neering activities. 
(B) Funding of intramural and extramural re-
search and development activities as described in subsection (e). 
(2) C
URRENT ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall 
identify the current activities described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) that are being carried out as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act. The Secretary shall consider such current activities in determining the set of activities to establish pursuant to subsection (a). 
(d) G
APANALYSIS .—In establishing the set of 
activities under subsection (a), not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retaries of the military departments and the heads of the Defense Agencies, shall conduct a gap analysis to identify activities that are not, as of such date, being pursued in the current science and technology program of the Depart-ment. The Secretary shall use such analysis in determining— 
(1) the set of activities to establish pursuant to 
subsection (a) that carry out the purposes speci-fied in subsection (c)(1); and 
(2) the proposed funding requirements and 
timelines. 
(e) F
UNDING OF INTRAMURAL AND EXTRA -
MURAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the set of ac-
tivities required by subsection (a), the Secretary may award grants or contracts to eligible enti-ties to carry out intramural or extramural re-search and development in areas of interest de-scribed in paragraph (3). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—For purposes of this 
subsection, an eligible entity includes the fol-lowing: 
(A) Entities in the defense industry. (B) Institutions of higher education. (C) Small businesses. (D) Nontraditional defense contractors (as de-
fined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code). 
(E) Federally funded research and develop-
ment centers, primarily for the purpose of im-proving technical expertise to support acquisi-tion efforts. 
(F) Nonprofit research institutions. (G) Government laboratories and test centers, 
primarily for the purpose of improving technical expertise to support acquisition efforts. 
(3) A
REAS OF INTEREST .—The areas of interest 
described in this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Management innovation, including per-
sonnel and financial management policy inno-vation. 
(B) Business process re-engineering. (C) Systems engineering of information tech-
nology business systems. 
(D) Cloud computing to support business sys-
tems and business processes. 
(E) Software development, including systems 
and techniques to limit unique interfaces and simplify processes to customize commercial soft-ware to meet the needs of the Department of De-fense. 
(F) Hardware development, including systems 
and techniques to limit unique interfaces and simplify processes to customize commercial hard-ware to meet the needs of the Department of De-fense. 
(G) Development of methodologies and tools to 
support development and operational test of large and complex business systems. 
(H) Analysis tools to allow decision-makers to 
make tradeoffs between requirements, costs, technical risks, and schedule in major auto-mated information system acquisition programs. 
(I) Information security in major automated 
information system systems. 
(J) Innovative acquisition policies and prac-
tices to streamline acquisition of information technology systems. 
(K) Such other areas as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(f) P
RIORITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the set of ac-
tivities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall give priority to— 
(A) projects that— (i) address the innovation and technology 
needs of the Department of Defense; and 
(ii) support activities of initiatives, programs, 
and offices identified by the Under Secretary and Deputy Chief Management Officer; and 
(B) the projects and programs identified in 
paragraph (2). 
(2) P
ROJECTS AND PROGRAMS IDENTIFIED .—The 
projects and programs identified in this para-graph are the following: 
(A) Major automated information system pro-
grams. 
(B) Projects and programs under the oversight 
of the Deputy Chief Management Officer. 
(C) Projects and programs relating to defense 
procurement acquisition policy. 
(D) Projects and programs of the agencies and 
field activities of the Office of the Secretary of Defense that support business missions such as finance, human resources, security, manage-ment, logistics, and contract management. 
(E) Military and civilian personnel policy de-
velopment for information technology work-force. 
SEC. 218. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TECH-
NOLOGY OFFSET PROGRAM TO BUILD AND MAINTAIN THE MILITARY TECHNOLOGICAL SUPERIORITY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) P ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a technology offset program to build and maintain the military technological superiority of the United States by— 
(A) accelerating the fielding of offset tech-
nologies that would help counter technological advantages of potential adversaries of the United States, including directed energy, low- cost, high-speed munitions, autonomous sys-
tems, undersea warfare, cyber technology, and intelligence data analytics, developed using re-search funding of the Department of Defense and accelerating the commercialization of such technologies; and 
(B) developing and implementing new policies 
and acquisition and business practices. 
(2) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue guidelines for the operation of the program established under paragraph (1), including— 
(A) criteria for an application for funding by 
a military department, Defense Agency, or a combatant command; 
(B) the purposes for which such a department, 
agency, or command may apply for funds and appropriate requirements for technology devel-opment or commercialization to be supported using program funds; 
(C) the priorities, if any, to be provided to 
field or commercialize offset technologies devel-oped by certain types of research funding of the Department; and 
(D) criteria for evaluation of an application 
for funding or changes to policies or acquisition and business practices by such a department, agency, or command for purposes of the pro-gram. 
(b) A
PPLICATIONS FOR FUNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Under the program estab-
lished under subsection (a)(1), not less fre-quently than annually, the Secretary shall so-licit from the heads of the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and the combatant com-mands applications for funding to be used to enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, or other transaction agreements entered into pur-suant to section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 815,with appropriate entities for the fielding or commercialization of technologies. 
(2) T
REATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN CON -
GRESSIONAL RULES .—Nothing in this section 
shall be interpreted to require any official of the Department of Defense to provide funding under this section to any Congressional earmark as de-fined pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives or any congressionally directed spending item as de-fined pursuant to paragraph 5 of rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
(c) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the availability of 
appropriations for such purpose, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, De-fense-wide, not more than $400,000,000 may be used for each such fiscal year for the program established under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) A
MOUNT FOR DIRECTED ENERGY .—Of the 
funds specified in paragraph (1) for any of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020, not more than $200,000,000 may be used for each such fiscal year for activities in the field of directed energy. 
(d) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may transfer 
funds available for the program established under subsection (a)(1) to the research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation accounts of a mili-tary department, Defense Agency, or a combat-ant command pursuant to an application, or any part of an application, that the Secretary determines would support the purposes of the program. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The transfer 
authority provided in paragraph (1) is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority available to the Secretary of Defense. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to carry out 
the program under subsection (a)(1) shall termi-nate on September 30, 2020. 
(2) T
RANSFER AFTER TERMINATION .—Any 
amounts made available for the program that re-main available for obligation on the date on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6353 September 29, 2015 
which the program terminates may be trans-
ferred under subsection (d) during the 180-day period beginning on the date of the termination of the program. 
SEC. 219. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR F–15 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK CAPABILITY DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for F– 15 infrared search and track capability, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until a period of 30 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which the Secretary of De-fense submits to the congressional defense com-mittees the report under subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the re-quirements and cost estimates for the develop-ment and procurement of infrared search and track capability for F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft of the Navy and the Air Force. The report shall in-clude the following: 
(1) A comparison of the requirements between 
the F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track development efforts of the Navy and the Air Force. 
(2) An explanation of any differences between 
the F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track capability development efforts of the Navy and the Air Force. 
(3) A summary of the schedules and required 
funding to develop and field such capability. 
(4) An explanation of any need for the Navy 
and the Air Force to field different F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track systems. 
(5) Any other matters the Secretary determines 
appropriate. 
SEC. 220. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF THE SHALLOW WATER COMBAT SUBMERS-IBLE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the develop-ment of the shallow water combat submersible of the United States Special Operations Command, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until a period of 15 days elapses fol-lowing the later of the date on which— 
(1) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics designates a civilian official to be responsible for oversight of and assistance to the United States Special Op-erations Command for all undersea mobility pro-grams; and 
(2) the Under Secretary, in coordination with 
the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Oper-ations Command, submits to the congressional defense committees the report described in sub-section (b). 
(b) R
EPORT DESCRIBED .—The report described 
in this subsection is a report on the shallow water combat submersible program that includes the following: 
(1) An analysis of the reasons for cost and 
schedule overruns associated with the program, including with respect to the performance of contractors and subcontractors. 
(2) A revised timeline for initial and full oper-
ational capability of the shallow water combat submersible. 
(3) A description of the challenges associated 
with the integration with dry deck shelter and other diving technologies. 
(4) The projected cost to meet the total unit 
acquisition objective. 
(5) A plan to prevent, identify, and mitigate 
any additional cost and schedule overruns. 
(6) A description of any opportunities to re-
cover cost or schedule overruns. 
(7) A description of any lessons that the 
Under Secretary may have learned from the shallow water combat submersible program that 
could be applied to future undersea mobility ac-quisition programs. 
(8) Any other matters that the Under Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 221. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR THE ADVANCED DEVEL-OPMENT AND MANUFACTURING FA-CILITY UNDER THE MEDICAL COUN-TERMEASURE PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for the advanced development and manufacturing facility, and the associated activities performed at such facility, under the medical counter-measure program of the chemical and biological defense program, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 45 days elapses following the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report under sub-section (b). 
(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a report on the advanced development and manufacturing facility under the medical countermeasure pro-gram that includes the following: 
(1) An overall description of the advanced de-
velopment and manufacturing facility, includ-ing validated Department of Defense require-ments. 
(2) Program goals, proposed metrics of per-
formance, and anticipated procurement and op-erations and maintenance costs during the pe-riod covered by the current future years defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. 
(3) The results of any analysis of alternatives 
and efficiency reviews conducted by the Sec-retary that justifies the manufacturing and pri-vately financed construction of an advanced manufacturing and development facility rather than using other programs and facilities of the Federal Government or industry facilities for advanced development and manufacturing of medical countermeasures. 
(4) An independent cost-benefit analysis that 
justifies the manufacturing and privately fi-nanced construction of an advanced manufac-turing and development facility described in paragraph (3). 
(5) If no independent cost-benefit analysis 
makes the justification described in paragraph (4), an explanation for why such manufacturing and privately financed construction cannot be so justified. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
determines appropriate. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report under subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a review of such report. 
SEC. 222. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Army, for the dis-tributed common ground system of the Army, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of the Army— 
(1) conducts a review of the program planning 
for the distributed common ground system of the Army; and 
(2) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees the report required by subsection (b)(1). 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the review of the distributed common ground system of the Army conducted under subsection (a)(1). (2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A review of the segmentation of Increment 
2 of the distributed common ground system pro-gram of the Army into discrete software compo-nents with the associated requirements of each component. 
(B) Identification of each component of Incre-
ment 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army for which commercial software ex-ists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
(C) A cost analysis of each such commercial 
software that compares performance with pro-jected cost. 
(D) Determination of the degree to which com-
mercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Infor-mation Technology Enterprise, the Defense In-telligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
(E) Identification of each component of Incre-
ment 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army that the Secretary determines may be acquired through competitive means. 
(F) An acquisition plan for Increment 2 of the 
distributed common ground system of the Army that prioritizes the acquisition of commercial software components, including a data integra-tion layer, in time to meet the projected deploy-ment schedule for Increment 2. 
(G) A review of the timetable for the distrib-
uted common ground system program of the Army in order to determine whether there is a practical, executable acquisition strategy, in-cluding the use of operational capability dem-onstrations, that could lead to an initial oper-ating capability of Increment 2 of the distrib-uted common ground system of the Army prior to fiscal year 2017. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 223. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COM-MAND. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for the United States Special Operations Command for the distributed common ground system, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command submits to the congressional defense committees the report required by subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Commander shall 
submit to the congressional defense committees and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives a report on the distributed common ground system. Such report shall include the following: 
(1) A review of the segmentation of the distrib-
uted common ground system special operations forces program into discrete software compo-nents with the associated requirements of each component. 
(2) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special oper-ations forces program for which commercial soft-ware exists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
(3) A cost analysis of each such commercial 
software that compares performance with pro-jected cost. 
(4) A determination of the degree to which 
commercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6354 September 29, 2015 
Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense 
Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
(5) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special oper-ations forces program that the Commander de-termines may be acquired through competitive means. 
(6) An assessment of the extent to which ele-
ments of the distributed common ground system special operations forces program could be modi-fied to increase commercial acquisition opportu-nities. 
(7) An acquisition plan that leads to full oper-
ational capability prior to fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 224. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR INTEGRATED PER-SONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Army, for the integrated personnel and pay system of the Army, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Army sub-mits to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the following: 
(1) Updated and validated information regard-
ing the performance of the current legacy per-sonnel and pay system of the Army for each high-level objective and business outcome de-scribed in the business case for IPPS–A Incre-ment II, dated December 2014, including jus-tifications for threshold and objective values for the integrated personnel and pay system of the Army. 
(2) An explanation how the integrated per-
sonnel and pay system of the Army will enable significant change throughout the entire human resources enterprise. 
(3) A description for how the implementation 
of the capabilities in the integrated personnel and pay system of the Army will result in changes to the capabilities and services to be provided by the Defense Finance and Account-ing Services, including an estimate of cost sav-ings and manpower savings resulting from elimi-nation of duplicative functions. 
(4) A description of alternative program ap-
proaches that could reduce the overall cost of development and deployment for the integrated personnel and pay system of the Army without delaying the current program schedule by more than six months. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 231. STREAMLINING THE JOINT FEDERATED 
ASSURANCE CENTER. 
Section 937(c)(2) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, in co-
ordination with the Center for Assured Software of the National Security Agency,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘, in co-
ordination with the Defense Microelectronics Activity,’’. 
SEC. 232. DEMONSTRATION OF PERSISTENT 
CLOSE AIR SUPPORT CAPABILITIES. 
(a) J OINT DEMONSTRATION REQUIRED .—Sub-
ject to the availability of funds, the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Army, and the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency may jointly conduct a dem-onstration of the persistent close air support ca-pability during fiscal year 2016. 
(b) P
ARAMETERS OF DEMONSTRATION .— 
(1) S ELECTION AND EQUIPMENT OF AIRCRAFT .— 
If the demonstration under subsection (a) is conducted, the Secretary of the Air Force shall select and equip at least two aircraft for use in the demonstration that the Secretary otherwise intends to use for close air support. 
(2) C
LOSE AIR SUPPORT OPERATIONS .—If the 
demonstration under subsection (a) is con-ducted, the demonstration shall include close air support operations that involve the following: (A) Multiple tactical radio networks rep-
resenting diverse ground force user communities. 
(B) Two-way digital exchanges of situational 
awareness data, video, and calls for fire be-tween aircraft and ground users without modi-fication to aircraft operational flight profiles. 
(C) Real-time sharing of blue force, aircraft, 
and target location data to reduce risks of frat-ricide. 
(D) Lightweight digital tools based on com-
mercial-off-the-shelf technology for pilots and joint tactical air controllers. 
(E) Operations in simple and complex oper-
ating environments. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT .—If the demonstration under 
subsection (a) is conducted, the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Army, and the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency shall jointly— 
(1) assess the effect of the capabilities dem-
onstrated as part of the demonstration required by subsection (a) on— 
(A) the time required to conduct close air sup-
port operations; 
(B) the effectiveness of blue force in achieving 
tactical objectives; and 
(C) the risk of fratricide and collateral dam-
age; 
(2) estimate the costs that would be incurred 
in transitioning the technology used in the per-sistent close air support capability to the Army and the Air Force; and 
(3) provide to the congressional defense com-
mittees a briefing on the results of the dem-onstration, the assessment under paragraph (1), and the cost estimates under paragraph (2) by December 1, 2016. 
SEC. 233. STRATEGIES FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY- SERVING INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
(a) B ASICRESEARCH ENTITIES .— 
(1) S TRATEGY .—The heads of each basic re-
search entity shall each develop a strategy for how to engage with and support the develop-ment of scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities of covered educational institutions in carrying out section 2362 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each strategy under para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Goals and vision for maintaining a cred-
ible and sustainable program relating to the en-gagement and support under the strategy. 
(B) Metrics to enhance scientific, technical, 
engineering, and mathematics capabilities at covered educational institutions, including with respect to measuring progress toward increasing the success of such institutions to compete for broader research funding sources other than set- aside funds. 
(C) Promotion of mentoring opportunities be-
tween covered educational institutions and other research institutions. 
(D) Regular assessment of activities that are 
used to develop, maintain, and grow scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capa-bilities. 
(E) Inclusion of faculty of covered edu-
cational institutions into program reviews, peer reviews, and other similar activities. 
(F) Targeting of undergraduate, graduate, 
and postgraduate students at covered edu-cational institutions for inclusion into research or internship opportunities within the military department. 
(b) O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall develop and implement a strat-egy for how to engage with and support the de-velopment of scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities of covered edu-cational institutions pursuant to the strategies developed under subsection (a). 
(c) S
UBMISSION .— 
(1) B ASIC RESEARCH ENTITIES .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the heads of each basic research entity shall each submit to the congressional defense 
committees the strategy developed by the head under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy developed under subsection (b). 
(d) C
OVERED INSTITUTION DEFINED .—In this 
section: 
(1) The term ‘‘basic research entity’’ means an 
entity of the Department of Defense that exe-cutes research, development, test, and evalua-tion budget activity 1 funding, as described in the Department of Defense Financial Manage-ment Regulation. 
(2) The term ‘‘covered educational institu-
tion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2362(e) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 234. REPORT ON COMMERCIAL-OFF-THE- 
SHELF WIDE-AREA SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS FOR ARMY TACTICAL UN-MANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the findings of a market survey and assessment of commercial-off-the-shelf wide-area surveillance sensors operationally suitable for insertion into the tactical unmanned aerial systems of the Army. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The market survey and as-
sessment contained in the report under sub-section (a) shall include— 
(1) specific details regarding the capabilities of 
current and commercial-off-the-shelf wide-area surveillance sensors that are, or could be, used on tactical unmanned aerial systems of the Army, including— 
(A) daytime and nighttime monitoring cov-
erage; 
(B) video resolution outputs; (C) bandwidth requirements; (D) activity-based intelligence and forensic 
capabilities; 
(E) simultaneous region of interest monitoring 
capability; 
(F) interoperability with other sensors and 
subsystems currently used on such tactical un-manned aerial systems; 
(G) sensor weight; (H) sensor cost; (I) frame rates; (J) on-board processing capabilities; and (K) any other factors the Secretary considers 
relevant; 
(2) an assessment of the effect on such tactical 
unmanned aerial systems due to the insertion of commercial-off-the-shelf wide-area surveillance sensors; and 
(3) recommendations on the advisability and 
feasibility to upgrade or enhance wide-area sur-veillance sensors of such tactical unmanned aer-ial systems, as considered appropriate by the Secretary. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 235. REPORT ON TACTICAL COMBAT TRAIN-
ING SYSTEM INCREMENT II. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than January 29, 2016, 
the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the baseline and alternatives to the Tactical Air Combat Training System (TCTS) Increment II of the Navy. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) An explanation of the rationale for a new 
start TCTS II program as compared to an incre-mental upgrade to the existing TCTS system. 
(2) An estimate of total cost to develop, pro-
cure, and replace the existing Department of the Navy TCTS architecture with an encrypted TCTS II compared to upgrades to existing TCTS. 
(3) A cost estimate and schedule comparison of 
achieving encryption requirements into the ex-isting TCTS program as compared to TCTS II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6355 September 29, 2015 
(4) A review of joint Department of the Air 
Force and the Department of the Navy invest-ment in live-virtual-constructive advanced air combat training and planned timeline for inclu-sion into TCTS II architecture. 
(5) A cost estimate to integrate F–35 aircraft 
with TCTS II and achieve interoperability be-tween the Department of the Navy and Depart-ment of the Air Force. 
(6) A cost estimate for coalition partners to 
achieve TCTS II interoperability within the De-partment of Defense. 
(7) An assessment of risks posed by non-inter-
operable TCTS systems within the Department of the Navy and the Department of the Air Force. 
(8) An explanation of the acquisition strategy 
for the TCTS program. 
(9) An explanation of key performance param-
eters for the TCTS II program. 
(10) Any other information the Secretary of 
the Navy and Secretary of the Air Force deter-mine is appropriate to include. 
SEC. 236. REPORT ON TECHNOLOGY READINESS 
LEVELS OF THE TECHNOLOGIES AND CAPABILITIES CRITICAL TO THE LONG-RANGE STRIKE BOMBER AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the technology readiness levels of the technologies and capabilities critical to the long-range strike bomber aircraft. 
(b) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—Not later than 60 days after 
the report of the Secretary is submitted under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the report and submit to the congressional defense committees an as-sessment of the matters contained in the report. 
SEC. 237. ASSESSMENT OF AIR-LAND MOBILE TAC-
TICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND DATA NETWORK REQUIREMENTS AND CA-PABILITIES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Director of 
Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to con-duct a comprehensive assessment of current and future requirements and capabilities of the Army with respect to air-land ad hoc, mobile tactical communications and data networks, in-cluding the technological feasibility, suitability, and survivability of such networks. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Concepts, capabilities, and capacities of 
current or future communications and data net-work systems to meet the requirements of cur-rent or future tactical operations effectively, ef-ficiently, and affordably. 
(2) Software requirements and capabilities, 
particularly with respect to communications and data network waveforms. 
(3) Hardware requirements and capabilities, 
particularly with respect to receiver and trans-mission technology, tactical communications, and data radios at all levels and on all plat-forms, all associated technologies, and their in-tegration, compatibility, and interoperability. 
(4) Any other matters relevant or necessary 
for a comprehensive assessment of tactical net-works or networking in the Warfighter Informa-tion Network-Tactical (Increments 1 and 2). 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT ENTITY .—The Director shall 
select a federally funded research and develop-ment center with direct, long-standing, and demonstrated experience and expertise in pro-gram test and evaluation of concepts, require-ments, and technologies for joint tactical com-munications and data networking to perform the assessment under subsection (a). 
(d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than April 
30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commitments a report including the findings and recommendations of the assessment conducted under subsection (a), 
together with the separate comments of the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of the Army. 
SEC. 238. STUDY OF FIELD FAILURES INVOLVING 
COUNTERFEIT ELECTRONIC PARTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a hardware assurance study to assess the presence, scope, and effect on Depart-ment of Defense operations of counterfeit elec-tronic parts that have passed through the sup-ply chain of the Department and into fielded systems. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The technical analysis conducted under 
paragraph (1) of subsection (c). 
(2) The report on the technical assessment 
submitted under paragraph (3)(B) of subsection (c). 
(3) Recommendations for such legislative and 
administrative action, including budget require-ments, as the Secretary considers necessary to conduct sampling and technical hardware anal-yses of counterfeit parts in identified areas of high concern. 
(c) E
XECUTION AND TECHNICAL ANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall direct 
the executive agent for printed circuit board technology designated under section 256(a) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2501 note) to coordinate the execution of the study under subsection (a) using capabilities of the Department in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to conduct a technical analysis on a sample of failed electronic parts in fielded systems. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The technical analysis re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) The selection of a representative sample of 
electronic component types, including digital, mixed-signal, and analog integrated circuits. 
(B) An assessment of the presence of counter-
feit parts, including causes and attributes of failures of any identified counterfeit part. 
(C) For components found to have counterfeit 
parts, an assessment of the effect of the counter-feit part in the failure mechanism. 
(D) For cases with counterfeit parts contrib-
uting to the failure, a determination of the fail-ure attributes, factors, and effects on subsystem and system level reliability, readiness, and per-formance. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL ASSESSMENT .—For any parts as-
sessed under paragraph (2) that demonstrate unusual or suspicious failure mechanisms, the federation established under section 937(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) shall— 
(A) conduct a technical assessment for indica-
tions of malicious tampering; and 
(B) submit to the executive agent described in 
paragraph (1) a report on the findings of the federation with respect to the technical assess-ment. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 540 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the study carried out under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The findings of the Secretary with respect 
to the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(B) The recommendations developed under 
subsection (b)(3). 
SEC. 239. AIRBORNE DATA LINK PLAN. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force, develop a plan— (1) to provide objective survivable communica-
tions gateways to enable— 
(A) the secure dissemination of national and 
tactical intelligence information to fourth-gen-eration fighter aircraft and supporting airborne platforms and to low-observable penetrating platforms such as the F–22 and F–35 aircraft; and 
(B) the secure reception and dissemination of 
sensor data from low-observable penetrating air-craft, such as the F–22 and F–35 aircraft; 
(2) to provide secure data sharing between the 
fifth-generation fighter aircraft of the Navy, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps, with minimal changes to the outer surfaces of the aircraft and to aircraft operational flight programs; and 
(3) to enable secure data sharing between 
fifth-generation and fourth-generation aircraft in jamming environments. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—The 
plan under subsection (a) shall include non-pro-prietary and open systems approaches that are compatible with the rapid capabilities office open mission systems initiative of the Air Force and the future airborne capability environment initiative of the Navy. 
(c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than February 15, 
2016, the Under Secretary and the Vice Chair-man shall jointly provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a briefing on the plan under subsection (a). 
SEC. 240. PLAN FOR ADVANCED WEAPONS TECH-
NOLOGY WAR GAMES. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall develop and imple-ment a plan for integrating advanced weapons and offset technologies into exercises carried out individually and jointly by the military depart-ments to improve the development and experi-mentation of various concepts for employment by the Armed Forces. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of specific exercises to be 
carried out individually or jointly by the mili-tary departments under the plan. 
(2) Identification of emerging advanced weap-
ons and offset technologies based on joint and individual recommendations of the military de-partments, including with respect to directed- energy weapons, hypersonic strike systems, au-tonomous systems, or other technologies as de-termined by the Secretary. 
(3) A schedule for integrating either prototype 
capabilities or table-top exercises into relevant exercises. 
(4) A method for capturing lessons learned 
and providing feedback both to the developers of the advanced weapons and offset technology and the military departments. 
(c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing the plan under sub-section (a) and a status update on the imple-mentation of such plan. 
SEC. 241. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF F135 
ENGINE PROGRAM. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall seek to enter into a contract with a feder-ally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the F135 engine pro-gram. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the reliability, growth, 
and cost-reduction efforts with respect to the F135 engine program, including— 
(A) a detailed description of the reliability 
and cost history of the engine; 
(B) the identification of key reliability and 
cost challenges to the program as of the date of the assessment; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6356 September 29, 2015 
(C) the identification of any potential options 
for addressing such challenges. 
(2) In accordance with subsection (c), a thor-
ough assessment of the incident on June 23, 2014, consisting of an F135 engine failure and subsequent fire, including— 
(A) the identification and definition of the 
root cause of the incident; 
(B) the identification of potential actions or 
design changes needed to address such root cause; and 
(C) the associated cost, schedule, and perform-
ance implications of such incident to both the F135 engine program and the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. 
(c) C
ONDUCT OF ASSESSMENT .—The federally 
funded research and development center se-lected to conduct the assessment under sub-section (a) shall carry out subsection (b)(2) by analyzing data collected by the F–35 Joint Pro-gram Office, other elements of the Federal Gov-ernment, or contractors. Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting the plans of the Secretary to dispose of the aircraft involved in the incident described in such subsection (b)(2). 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the as-sessment conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 242. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF 
AUTONOMIC LOGISTICS INFORMA-TION SYSTEM FOR F–35 LIGHTNING II AIRCRAFT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the autonomic logistics information system for the F–35 Lightning II aircraft pro-gram. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) The fielding status, in terms of units 
equipped with various software and hardware configurations, for the autonomic logistics infor-mation system element of the F–35 Lightning II aircraft program, as of the date of the report. 
(2) The development schedule for upgrades to 
the autonomic logistics information system, and an assessment of the ability of the F–35 Light-ning II aircraft program to maintain such schedule. 
(3) The views of maintenance personnel and 
other personnel involved in operating and main-taining F–35 Lightning II aircraft in testing and operational units. 
(4) The effect of the autonomic logistics infor-
mation system program on the operational avail-ability of the F–35 Lightning II aircraft pro-gram. 
(5) Improvements, if any, regarding the time 
required for maintenance personnel to input data and use the autonomic logistics informa-tion system. 
(6) The ability of the autonomic logistics in-
formation system to be deployed on both ships and to forward land-based locations, including any limitations of such a deployable version. 
(7) The cost estimates for development and 
fielding of the autonomic logistics information system program and an assessment of the capa-bility of the program to address performance problems within the planned resources. 
(8) Other matters regarding the autonomic lo-
gistics information system that the Comptroller General determines of critical importance to the long-term viability of the system. 
SEC. 243. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING FA-
CILITATION OF A HIGH QUALITY TECHNICAL WORKFORCE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary 
of Defense should explore using existing au-thorities for promoting science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics programs, such as 
under section 233 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2193a note), to allow labora-tories of the Department of Defense and feder-ally funded research and development centers to help facilitate and shape a high quality sci-entific and technical future workforce that can support the needs of the Department. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
Sec. 311. Limitation on procurement of drop-in 
fuels. 
Sec. 312. Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness 
Areas. 
Sec. 313. Modification of energy management 
reporting requirements. 
Sec. 314. Revision to scope of statutorily re-
quired review of projects relating to potential obstructions to avia-tion so as to apply only to energy projects. 
Sec. 315. Exclusions from definition of ‘‘chem-
ical substance’’ under Toxic Sub-stances Control Act. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
Sec. 322. Repeal of limitation on authority to 
enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or overhaul of the F117 engine. 
Sec. 323. Pilot programs for availability of 
working-capital funds for product improvements. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
Sec. 331. Modification of annual report on 
prepositioned materiel and equip-ment. 
Sec. 332. Report on merger of Office of Assistant 
Secretary for Operational Energy Plans and Deputy Under Sec-retary for Installations and Envi-ronment. 
Sec. 333. Report on equipment purchased non-
competitively from foreign enti-ties. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 341. Prohibition on contracts making pay-
ments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events. 
Sec. 342. Military animals: transfer and adop-
tion. 
Sec. 343. Temporary authority to extend con-
tracts and leases under the ARMS Initiative. 
Sec. 344. Improvements to Department of De-
fense excess property disposal. 
Sec. 345. Limitation on use of funds for Depart-
ment of Defense sponsorships, ad-vertising, or marketing associated with sports-related organizations or sporting events. 
Sec. 346. Reduction in amounts available for 
Department of Defense head-quarters, administrative, and sup-port activities. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. LIMITATION ON PROCUREMENT OF 
DROP-IN FUELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 173 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2922h. Limitation on procurement of drop- 
in fuels 
‘‘(a) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), the Secretary of Defense may not make a bulk purchase of a drop-in fuel for oper-ational purposes unless the fully burdened cost of that drop-in fuel is cost-competitive with the fully burdened cost of a traditional fuel avail-able for the same purpose. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—(1) Subject to the requirements 
of paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation under subsection (a) with respect to a purchase. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after issuing a 
waiver under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees notice of the waiver. Any such notice shall include each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The rationale of the Secretary for issuing 
the waiver. 
‘‘(B) A certification that the waiver is in the 
national security interest of the United States. 
‘‘(C) The expected fully burdened cost of the 
purchase for which the waiver is issued. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘drop-in fuel’ means a neat or 
blended liquid hydrocarbon fuel designed as a direct replacement for a traditional fuel with comparable performance characteristics and compatible with existing infrastructure and equipment. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘traditional fuel’ means a liquid 
hydrocarbon fuel derived or refined from petro-leum. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘operational purposes’— ‘‘(A) means for the purposes of conducting 
military operations, including training, exer-cises, large scale demonstrations, and moving and sustaining military forces and military plat-forms; and 
‘‘(B) does not include research, development, 
testing, evaluation, fuel certification, or other demonstrations. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘fully burdened cost’ means the 
commodity price of the fuel plus the total cost of all personnel and assets required to move and, when necessary, protect the fuel from the point at which the fuel is received from the commer-cial supplier to the point of use.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2922g the following new item: 
‘‘2922h. Limitation on procurement of drop-in 
fuels.’’. 
SEC. 312. SOUTHERN SEA OTTER MILITARY READ-
INESS AREAS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS.—Chapter 
631 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea 
Otter Military Readiness Areas 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall establish areas, to be known as ‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’, for national defense purposes. Such areas shall include each of the following: 
‘‘(1) The area that includes Naval Base Ven-
tura County, San Nicolas Island, and Begg Rock and the adjacent and surrounding waters within the following coordinates: 
‘‘N. Latitude/W. Longitude 
33°27.8′/119°34.3′
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6357 September 29, 2015 
‘‘N. Latitude/W. Longitude 
33°20.5′/119°15.5′
33°13.5′/119°11.8′
33°06.5′/119°15.3′
33°02.8′/119°26.8′
33°08.8′/119°46.3′
33°17.2′/119°56.9′
33°30.9′/119°54.2′. 
‘‘(2) The area that includes Naval Base Coro-
nado, San Clemente Island and the adjacent and surrounding waters running parallel to shore to 3 nautical miles from the high tide line designated by part 165 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, on May 20, 2010, as the San Clemente Island 3NM Safety Zone. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES WITHIN THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER ENDANGERED  
SPECIES ACT OF 1973 .—Sections 4 and 9 of the En-
dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533, 1538) shall not apply with respect to the inci-dental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
‘‘(2) I
NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER MARINE MAM -
MAL PROTECTION ACT OF 1972 .—Sections 101 and 
102 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371, 1372) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT AS SPECIES PROPOSED TO BE  
LISTED .—For purposes of conducting a military 
readiness activity, any southern sea otter while within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readi-ness Areas shall be treated for the purposes of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) as a member of a species that is proposed to be listed as an endangered species or a threatened species under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL .—Nothing in this section or 
any other Federal law shall be construed to re-quire that any southern sea otter located within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas be removed from the Areas. 
‘‘(d) R
EVISION OR TERMINATION OF EXCEP-
TIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior may revise 
or terminate the application of subsection (b) if the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, determines that military activities occurring in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas are impeding the southern sea otter conservation or the return of southern sea otters to optimum sustainable pop-ulation levels. 
‘‘(e) M
ONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy 
shall conduct monitoring and research within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas to determine the effects of military readi-ness activities on the growth or decline of the southern sea otter population and on the near- shore ecosystem. Monitoring and research pa-rameters and methods shall be determined in consultation with the Service. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 24 months after 
the date of the enactment of this section and every three years thereafter, the Secretary of the Navy shall report to Congress and the public on monitoring undertaken pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) S OUTHERN SEA OTTER .—The term ‘south-
ern sea otter’ means any member of the sub-species Enhydra lutris nereis. 
‘‘(2) T
AKE.—The term ‘take’— 
‘‘(A) when used in reference to activities sub-
ject to regulation by the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), shall have the 
meaning given such term in that Act; and 
‘‘(B) when used in reference to activities sub-
ject to regulation by the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) shall have the meaning given such term in that Act. 
‘‘(3) I
NCIDENTAL TAKING .—The term ‘inci-
dental taking’ means any take of a southern sea otter that is incidental to, and not the purpose of, the carrying out of an otherwise lawful ac-tivity. 
‘‘(4) M
ILITARY READINESS ACTIVITY .—The term 
‘military readiness activity’ has the meaning given that term in section 315(f) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (16 U.S.C. 703 note) and in-cludes all training and operations of the armed forces that relate to combat and the adequate and realistic testing of military equipment, vehi-cles, weapons, and sensors for proper operation and suitability for combat use. 
‘‘(5) O
PTIMUM SUSTAINABLE POPULATION .—The 
term ‘optimum sustainable population’ means, with respect to any population stock, the num-ber of animals that will result in the maximum productivity of the population or the species, keeping in mind the carrying capacity of the habitat and the health of the ecosystem of which they form a constituent element.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea Otter 
Military Readiness Areas.’’. 
SEC. 313. MODIFICATION OF ENERGY MANAGE-
MENT REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (4) and (7); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), (8), 
(9), (10), (11), and (12) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), and (10), respectively; 
(3) by amending paragraph (7), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2) of this section, to read as follows: 
‘‘(7) A description and estimate of the progress 
made by the military departments in meeting current high performance and sustainable build-ing standards under the Unified Facilities Cri-teria.’’; 
(4) by amending paragraph (9), as redesig-
nated by such paragraph (2), to read as follows: 
‘‘(9) Details of all commercial utility outages 
caused by threats and those caused by hazards at military installations that last eight hours or longer, whether or not the outage was mitigated by backup power, including non-commercial utility outages and Department of Defense- owned infrastructure, including the total num-ber and location of outages, the financial im-pact of the outages, and measure taken to miti-gate outages in the future at the affected loca-tions and across the Department of Defense.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(11) At the discretion of the Secretary of De-
fense, a classified annex, as appropriate.’’. SEC. 314. REVISION TO SCOPE OF STATUTORILY 
REQUIRED REVIEW OF PROJECTS RELATING TO POTENTIAL OBSTRUC-TIONS TO AVIATION SO AS TO APPLY ONLY TO ENERGY PROJECTS. 
(a) S COPE OF SECTION .—Section 358 of the Ike 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4198; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘from State 
and local officials or the developer of a renew-able energy development or other energy project’’ and inserting ‘‘from a State govern-ment, an Indian tribal government, a local gov-ernment, a landowner, or the developer of an energy project’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(4), by striking ‘‘readiness, 
and’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘readi-ness and to clearly communicate to such parties actions being taken by the Department of De-fense under this section.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘as 
high, medium, or low’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (k); and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-
lowing new subsection (j): 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY OF SECTION .—This section 
does not apply to a non-energy project.’’. 
(b) D EFINITIONS .—Subsection (k) of such sec-
tion, as redesignated by paragraph (4) of sub-section (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) The term ‘energy project’ means a project 
that provides for the generation or transmission of electrical energy. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘non-energy project’ means a 
project that is not an energy project. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘landowner’ means a person or 
other legal entity that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located.’’. 
SEC. 315. EXCLUSIONS FROM DEFINITION OF 
‘‘CHEMICAL SUBSTANCE’’ UNDER TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT. 
Section 3(2)(B)(v) of the Toxic Substances 
Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2602(2)(B)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting ‘‘and any component of such an article (limited to shot shells, cartridges, and components of shot shells and cartridges), and’’. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 322. REPEAL OF LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY 
TO ENTER INTO A CONTRACT FOR THE SUSTAINMENT, MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, OR OVERHAUL OF THE F117 ENGINE. 
Section 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. 
‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3345) is repealed. 
SEC. 323. PILOT PROGRAMS FOR AVAILABILITY 
OF WORKING-CAPITAL FUNDS FOR PRODUCT IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS REQUIRED .—During fis-
cal year 2016, each of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Tech-nology, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, and the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Ac-quisition shall initiate a pilot program pursuant to section 330 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6358 September 29, 2015 
110–181; 122 Stat. 68), as amended by section 332 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1697). 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
A minimum of $5,000,000 of working-capital funds shall be used for each of the pilot pro-grams initiated under subsection (a) for fiscal year 2016. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
SEC. 331. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON 
PREPOSITIONED MATERIEL AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2229a(a)(8) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(8) A list of any equipment used in support 
of contingency operations slated for retrograde and subsequent inclusion in the prepositioned stocks.’’. 
SEC. 332. REPORT ON MERGER OF OFFICE OF AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY FOR OPER-ATIONAL ENERGY PLANS AND DEP-UTY UNDER SECRETARY FOR IN-STALLATIONS AND ENVIRONMENT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-
gress a report on the merger of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and the Office of the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment under section 901 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3462). Such report shall include— 
(1) a description of how the office is imple-
menting its responsibilities under sections 138(b)(9), 138(c), and 2925(b) of title 10, United States Code, and Department of Defense Direc-tives 5134.15 (Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and Programs) and 4280.01 (Department of Defense Energy Policy); 
(2) a description of any efficiencies achieved 
as a result of the merger; and 
(3) the number of Department of Defense per-
sonnel whose responsibilities are focused on en-ergy matters specifically. 
SEC. 333. REPORT ON EQUIPMENT PURCHASED 
NONCOMPETITIVELY FROM FOREIGN ENTITIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 
30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a list of each contract awarded to a foreign entity outside of the national technology and industrial base, as described in section 2505(c) of title 10, United States Code, by the Department of Defense during fiscal years 2011 through 2015— 
(1) using procedures other than competitive 
procedures; and 
(2) for the procurement of equipment, weap-
ons, weapons systems, components, subcompo-nents, or end-items with a value of $10,000,000 or more. 
(b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include, for each contract listed, each of the following: 
(1) An identification of the items purchased 
under the contract— 
(A) described in section 8302(a)(1) of title 41, 
United States Code, and purchased from a for-eign manufacturer by reason of an exception under section 8302(a)(2)(A) or section 8302(a)(2)(B) of such title; 
(B) described in section 2533b(a)(1) of title 10, 
United States Code, and purchased from a for-eign manufacturer by reason of an exception under section 2533b(b); and 
(C) described in section 2534(a) of such title 
and purchased from a foreign manufacturer by reason of a waiver exercised under paragraph (1), (2), (4), or (5) of section 2534(d) of such title. 
(2) The rationale for using the exception or 
waiver. 
(3) A list of potential alternative manufac-
turing sources from the public and private sector that could be developed to establish competition for those items. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 341. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS MAKING 
PAYMENTS FOR HONORING MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT SPORTING EVENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Subchapter I of chapter 134 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 2241a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities at sporting events to honor members of the armed forces 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—The Department of De-
fense may not enter into any contract or other agreement under which payments are to be made in exchange for activities by the con-tractor intended to honor, or giving the appear-ance of honoring, members of the armed forces (whether members of the regular components or the reserve components) at any form of sporting event. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection 
(a) shall be construed as prohibiting the Depart-ment of Defense from taking actions to facilitate activities intended to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events that are pro-vided on a pro bono basis or otherwise funded with non-Federal funds if such activities are provided and received in accordance with appli-cable rules and regulations regarding the ac-ceptance of gifts by the military departments, the armed forces, and members of the armed forces.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2241a the following new item: 
‘‘2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing pay-
ments for activities at sporting events to honor members of the armed forces.’’. 
SEC. 342. MILITARY ANIMALS: TRANSFER AND 
ADOPTION. 
(a) A VAILABILITY FOR ADOPTION .—Section 
2583(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘may’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZED RECIPIENTS .—Subsection (c) 
of section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED RECIPIENTS .—(1) A military 
animal shall be made available for adoption under this section, in order of recommended pri-ority— 
‘‘(A) by former handlers of the animal; ‘‘(B) by other persons capable of humanely 
caring for the animal; and 
‘‘(C) by law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned determines that an adoption is 
justified under subsection (a)(2) under cir-cumstances under which the handler of a mili-tary working dog is wounded in action, the dog shall be made available for adoption only by the handler. If the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned determines that such an adop-tion is justified under circumstances under which the handler of a military working dog is killed in action or dies of wounds received in ac-tion, the military working dog shall be made available for adoption only by a parent, child, spouse, or sibling of the deceased handler.’’. 
(c) T
RANSFER FOR ADOPTION .—Subsection (f) 
of section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may transfer’’ and inserting ‘‘shall transfer’’. 
(d) L
OCATION OF RETIREMENT .—Subsection (f) 
of such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘If the Sec-
retary’’; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (2) of this subsection— 
(A) by striking ‘‘, and no suitable adoption is 
available at the military facility where the dog is located,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), as designated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘within the United States’’ after ‘‘to another lo-cation’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if at the 
time of retirement— 
‘‘(A) the dog is located outside the United 
States and a United States citizen or service member living abroad adopts the dog; or 
‘‘(B) the dog is located within the United 
States and suitable adoption is available where the dog is located.’’. 
(e) P
REFERENCE IN ADOPTION FOR FORMER  
HANDLERS .—Such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (h); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsection (g): 
‘‘(g) P REFERENCE IN ADOPTION OF RETIRED  
MILITARY WORKING DOGS FOR FORMER HAN-
DLERS .—(1) In providing for the adoption under 
this section of a retired military working dog de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (3) of subsection (a), the Secretary of the military department con-cerned shall accord a preference to the former handler of the dog unless the Secretary deter-mines that adoption of the dog by the former handler would not be in the best interests of the dog. 
‘‘(2) In the case of a dog covered by para-
graph (1) with more than one former handler seeking adoption of the dog at the time of adop-tion, the Secretary shall provide for the adop-tion of the dog by such former handler whose adoption of the dog will best serve the interests of the dog and such former handlers. The Sec-retary shall make any determination required by this paragraph with respect to a dog following consultation with the kennel master of the unit at which the dog was last located before adop-tion under this section. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-
strued as altering, revising, or overriding any policy of a military department for the adoption of military working dogs by law enforcement agencies before the end of the dogs’ useful lives.’’. 
SEC. 343. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO EXTEND 
CONTRACTS AND LEASES UNDER THE ARMS INITIATIVE. 
Contracts or subcontracts entered into pursu-
ant to section 4554(a)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, on or before the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act may include an option to extend the term of the contract or subcontract for an additional 25 years. 
SEC. 344. IMPROVEMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE EXCESS PROPERTY DIS-POSAL. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 
15, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the improved management and oversight of the systems, processes, and controls involved in the disposition of excess non-mission essential equipment and materiel by the Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN.—At a minimum, the 
plan shall address each of the following: 
(1) Backlogs of unprocessed property at dis-
position sites that do not meet Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services goals. 
(2) Customer wait times. (3) Procedures governing the disposal of serv-
iceable items in order to prevent the destruction of excess property eligible for utilization, trans-fer, or donation before potential recipients are able to view and obtain the property. 
(4) Validation of materiel release orders. (5) Assuring adequate physical security for 
the storage of equipment. 
(6) The number of personnel required to effec-
tively manage retrograde sort yards. 
(7) Managing any potential increase in the 
amount of excess property to be processed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6359 September 29, 2015 
(8) Improving the reliability of Defense Logis-
tics Agency Disposition Services data. 
(9) Procedures for ensuring no property is of-
fered for public sale until all requirements for utilization, transfer, and donation are met. 
(10) Validation of physical inventory against 
database entries. 
(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—By not later 
than March 15, 2016, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a brief-ing on the actions taken to implement the plan required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 345. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SPONSOR-SHIPS, ADVERTISING, OR MAR-KETING ASSOCIATED WITH SPORTS- RELATED ORGANIZATIONS OR SPORTING EVENTS. 
Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for the Department of Defense by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department for sponsorship, advertising, or marketing associ-ated with sports-related organizations or sport-ing events, not more than 75 percent may be ob-ligated or expended until the date on which the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, in consultation with the Director of Accessions Policy— 
(1) conducts a review of current contracts and 
task orders for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing (as awarded by the regular and reserve components of the Armed Forces) in order to assess— 
(A) whether such sponsorships, advertising, 
and marketing are effective in meeting the re-cruiting objectives of the Department; 
(B) whether consistent metrics are used to 
evaluate the effectiveness of each such activity in generating leads and recruit accessions; and 
(C) whether the return on investment for such 
activities is sufficient to warrant the continuing use of Department funds for such activities; and 
(2) submits to the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
(A) a description of the actions being taken to 
coordinate efforts of the Department relating to such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, and to minimize duplicative contracts for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, as ap-plicable; and 
(B) the results of the review required by para-
graph (1), including an assessment of the extent to which the continuing use of Department funds for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing is warranted in light of the review and the actions described pursuant to subpara-graph (A). 
SEC. 346. REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS AVAILABLE 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEADQUARTERS, ADMINISTRATIVE, AND SUPPORT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P LAN FOR ACHIEVEMENT OF COSTSAV-
INGS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Commencing not later than 
120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall implement a plan to ensure that the Department of Defense achieves not less than $10,000,000,000 in cost savings from the headquarters, administrative, and support activities of the Department during the period beginning with fiscal year 2015 and ending with fiscal year 2019. The Secretary shall ensure that at least one half of the required cost savings are programmed for fiscal years before fiscal year 2018. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF SAVINGS PURSUANT TO  
HEADQUARTERS REDUCTION .—Documented sav-
ings achieved pursuant to the headquarters re-duction requirement in subsection (b), other than savings achieved in fiscal year 2020, shall count toward the cost savings required by para-graph (1). 
(3) T
REATMENT OF SAVINGS PURSUANT TO MAN -
AGEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Documented savings in 
the human resources management, health care management, financial flow management, infor-mation technology infrastructure and manage-ment, supply chain and logistics, acquisition 
and procurement, and real property manage-ment activities of the Department during the pe-riod referred to in paragraph (1) may be counted toward the cost savings required by paragraph (1). 
(4) T
REATMENT OF SAVINGS PURSUANT TO  
FORCE STRUCTURE REVISIONS .—Savings or reduc-
tions to military force structure or military oper-ating units of the Armed Forces may not count toward the cost savings required by paragraph (1). 
(5) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall include 
with the budget for the Department of Defense for each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019, as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a report describ-ing and assessing the progress of the Depart-ment in implementing the plan required by para-graph (1) and in achieving the cost savings re-quired by that paragraph. 
(6) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENTS .—Not 
later than 90 days after the submittal of each re-port required by paragraph (5), the Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report set-ting forth the assessment of the Comptroller General of the report and of the extent to which the Department of Defense is in compliance with the requirements of this section. 
(b) H
EADQUARTERS REDUCTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall modify the headquarters reduction plan required by section 904 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 816; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) to ensure that it achieves sav-ings in the total funding available for major De-partment of Defense headquarters activities by fiscal year 2020 that are not less than 25 percent of the baseline amount. The modified plan shall establish a specific savings objective for each major headquarters activity in each fiscal year through fiscal year 2020. The budget for the De-partment of Defense for each fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 shall reflect the savings required by the modified plan. 
(2) B
ASELINE AMOUNT .—For the purposes of 
this subsection, the baseline amount is the amount authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2016 for major Department of Defense headquarters activities, adjusted by a credit for reductions in such headquarters ac-tivities that are documented, as of the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, as having been accomplished in earlier fis-cal years in accordance with the December 2013 directive of the Secretary of Defense on head-quarters reductions. The modified plan issued pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include an overall baseline amount for all of the major De-partment of Defense headquarters activities that credits reductions accomplished in earlier fiscal years in accordance with the December 2013 di-rective, and a specific baseline amount for each such headquarters activity that credits such re-ductions. 
(3) M
AJOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEAD -
QUARTERS ACTIVITIES DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘major Department of Defense headquarters activities’’ means the following: 
(A) Each of the following organizations: (i) The Office of the Secretary of Defense and 
the Joint Staff. 
(ii) The Office of the Secretary of the Army 
and the Army Staff. 
(iii) The Office of the Secretary of the Navy, 
the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and Headquarters, Marine Corps. 
(iv) The Office of the Secretary of the Air 
Force and the Air Staff. 
(v) The Office of the Chief, National Guard 
Bureau, and the National Guard Joint Staff. 
(B)(i) Except as provided in clause (ii), head-
quarters elements of each of the following: 
(I) The combatant commands, the sub-unified 
commands, and subordinate commands that di-rectly report to such commands. (II) The major commands of the military de-
partments and the subordinate commands that directly report to such commands. 
(III) The component commands of the military 
departments. 
(IV) The Defense Agencies, the Department of 
Defense field activities, and the Office of the In-spector General of the Department of Defense. 
(V) Department of Defense components that 
report directly to the organizations specified in subparagraph (A). 
(ii) Subordinate commands and direct-report-
ing components otherwise described in clause (i) that do not have significant functions other than operational, operational intelligence, or tactical functions, or training for operational, operational intelligence, or tactical functions, are not headquarters elements for purposes of this subsection. 
(4) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise applicable guidance on the Department of Defense major headquarters activities as needed to— 
(A) incorporate into such guidance the defini-
tion of the term ‘‘major Department of Defense headquarters activities’’ as provided in para-graph (3); 
(B) ensure that the term ‘‘headquarters ele-
ment’’, as used in paragraph (3)(B), is consist-ently applied within such guidance to include— 
(i) senior leadership and staff functions of ap-
plicable commands and components; and 
(ii) direct support to senior leadership and 
staff functions of applicable commands and components and to higher headquarters; 
(C) ensure that the budget and accounting 
systems of the Department of Defense are modi-fied to track funding for the major Department of Defense headquarters activities as separate funding lines; and 
(D) identify and address any deviation from 
the specific savings objective established for a headquarters activity in the modified plan issued by the Secretary pursuant to the require-ment in paragraph (1). 
(c) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF HEAD-
QUARTERS AND ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT  
ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a comprehensive review of the management and operational headquarters of the Department of Defense for purposes of con-solidating and streamlining headquarters func-tions and administrative and support activities. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by para-
graph (1) shall address the following: 
(A) The extent, if any, to which the staff of 
the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces have du-plicative staff functions and services and could be consolidated into a single service staff. 
(B) The extent, if any, to which the staff of 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the mili-tary departments, the Defense Agencies, and temporary organizations have duplicative staff functions and services and could be streamlined with respect to— 
(i) performing oversight and making policy; (ii) performing staff functions and services 
specific to the military department concerned; 
(iii) performing multi-department staff func-
tions and services; and 
(iv) performing functions and services across 
the Department of Defense with respect to intel-ligence collection and analysis. 
(C) The extent, if any, to which the Joint 
Staff, the combatant commands, and their sub-ordinate service component commands have du-plicative staff functions and services that could be shared, consolidated, eliminated, or otherwise streamlined with— 
(i) the Joint Staff performing oversight and 
execution; 
(ii) the staff of the combatant commands per-
forming only staff functions and services spe-cific to the combatant command concerned; and 
(iii) the staff of the service component com-
mands of the combatant commands performing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6360 September 29, 2015 
only staff functions and services specific to the 
service component command concerned. 
(D) The extent, if any, to which reductions in 
military and civilian end-strength in manage-ment or operational headquarters could be used to create, build, or fill shortages in force struc-ture for operational units. 
(E) The extent, if any, to which revisions are 
required to the Defense Officers Personnel Man-agement Act, including requirements for officers to serve in joint billets, the number of qualifying billets, the rank structure in the joint billets, and the joint qualification requirement for offi-cers to be promoted while serving for extensive periods in critical positions such as program managers of major defense acquisition programs, and officers in units of component forces sup-porting joint commands, in order to achieve effi-ciencies, provide promotion fairness and equity, and obtain effective governance in the manage-ment of the Department of Defense. 
(F) The structure and staffing of the Joint 
Staff, and the number, structure, and staffing of the combatant commands and their subordinate 
service component commands, including, in par-ticular— 
(i) whether or not the staff organization of 
each such entity has documented and periodi-cally validated requirements for such entity; 
(ii) whether or not there are an appropriate 
number of combatant commands relative to the requirements of the National Security Strategy, the Quadrennial Defense Review, and the Na-tional Military Strategy; and 
(iii) whether or not opportunities exist to con-
solidate staff functions and services common to the Joint Staff and the service component com-mands into a single staff organization that pro-vides the required functions, services, capabili-ties, and capacities to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and supported combatant com-manders, and if so— 
(I) where in the organizational structure such 
staff functions, services, capabilities, and capac-ities would be established; and 
(II) whether or not the military departments 
could execute such staff functions, services, ca-pabilities, and capacities while executing their requirements to organize, train, and equip the Armed Forces. 
(G) The statutory and regulatory authority of 
the combatant commands to establish subordi-nate joint commands or headquarters, including joint task forces, led by a general or flag officer, and the extent, if any, to which the combatant commands have used such authority— 
(i) to establish temporary or permanent subor-
dinate joint commands or headquarters, includ-ing joint task forces, led by general or flag offi-cers; 
(ii) to disestablish temporary or permanent 
subordinate joint commands or headquarters, including joint task forces, led by general or flag officers; 
(iii) to increase requirements for general and 
flag officers in the joint pool which are exempt from the end strength limitations otherwise ap-plicable to general and flag officers in the Armed Forces; 
(iv) to participate in the management of joint 
officer qualification in order to ensure the effi-cient and effective quality and quantity of offi-cers needed to staff headquarters functions and services and return to the services officers with required professional experience and skills nec-essary to remain competitive for increased re-sponsibility and authority through subsequent assignment or promotion, including by identi-fying— 
(I) circumstances, if any, in which officers 
spend a disproportionate amount of time in their careers to attain joint officer qualifications with corresponding loss of opportunities to develop in the service-specific assignments needed to gain the increased proficiency and experience to qualify for service and command assignments; and 
(II) circumstances, if any, in which the mili-
tary departments detail officers to joint head-quarters staffs in order to maximize the number 
of officers receiving joint duty credit with a focus on the quantity, instead of the quality, of officers achieving joint duty credit; 
(v) to establish commanders’ strategic plan-
ning groups, advisory groups, or similar parallel personal staff entities that could risk isolating function and staff processes, including an as-sessment of the justification used to establish such personal staff organizations and their im-pact on the effectiveness and efficiency of orga-nizational staff functions, services, capabilities, and capacities; and 
(vi) to ensure the identification and manage-
ment of officers serving or having served in units in subordinate service component or joint commands during combat operations and did not receive joint credit for such service. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall, to 
the extent practicable and as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, conduct the review required by paragraph (1) in consultation with such ex-perts on matters covered by the review who are independent of the Department of Defense. 
(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the re-sults of the review required by paragraph (1). 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. 
Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty 
end strength minimum levels. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active 
duty in support of the reserves. 
Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians 
(dual status). 
Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2016 limitation on number 
of non-dual status technicians. 
Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve personnel 
authorized to be on active duty for operational support. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 421. Military personnel. 
Sec. 422. Report on force structure of the Army. 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths 
for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army, 475,000. (2) The Navy, 329,200. (3) The Marine Corps, 184,000. (4) The Air Force, 320,715. 
SEC. 402. REVISIONS IN PERMANENT ACTIVE 
DUTY END STRENGTH MINIMUM LEV-ELS. 
Section 691 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) For the Army, 475,000. ‘‘(2) For the Navy, 329,200. ‘‘(3) For the Marine Corps, 184,000. ‘‘(4) For the Air Force, 317,000.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘0.5 percent’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-
SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-
thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 342,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 198,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 57,400. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,900. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 105,500. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,200. 
(7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end 
strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Se-lected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— 
(1) the total authorized strength of units orga-
nized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and 
(2) the total number of individual members not 
in units organized to serve as units of the Se-lected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for un-satisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. 
(c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever 
units or individual members of the Selected Re-serve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-
TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in section 
411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2016, the following number of Reserves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 30,770. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. 
(3) The Navy Reserve, 9,934. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,260. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 14,748. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,032. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-
NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military technicians 
(dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2016 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the fol-lowing: 
(1) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 26,099. 
(2) For the Army Reserve, 7,395. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United 
States, 22,104. 
(4) For the Air Force Reserve, 9,814. 
SEC. 414. FISCAL YEAR 2016 LIMITATION ON NUM-
BER OF NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNI-CIANS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— 
(1) N ATIONAL GUARD .—Within the limitation 
provided in section 10217(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the number of non-dual status technicians employed by the National Guard as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed the fol-lowing: 
(A) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 1,600. 
(B) For the Air National Guard of the United 
States, 350. 
(2) A
RMY RESERVE .—The number of non-dual 
status technicians employed by the Army Re-serve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 595. 
(3) A
IR FORCE RESERVE .—The number of non- 
dual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 90. 
(b) N
ON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-dual sta-
tus technician’’ has the meaning given that term in section 10217(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6361 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 415. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-
SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2016, the maximum number 
of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under sec-tion 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 17,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 16,000. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The 
authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appro-priations (definite or indefinite) for such pur-pose for fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 422. REPORT ON FORCE STRUCTURE OF THE 
ARMY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the following: 
(1) An assessment by the Secretary of Defense 
of reports by the Secretary of the Army on the force structure of the Army submitted to Con-gress under section 1066 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1943) and section 1062 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3503). 
(2) An evaluation of the adequacy of the 
Army force structure proposed for the future- years defense program for fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to meet the goals of the national military strategy of the United States. 
(3) An independent risk assessment by the 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the pro-posed Army force structure and the ability of 
such force structure to meet the operational re-quirements of combatant commanders. 
(4) A description of the planning assumptions 
and scenarios used by the Department of De-fense to validate the size and force structure of the Army, including the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard. 
(5) A certification by the Secretary of Defense 
that the Secretary has reviewed the reports by the Secretary of the Army and the assessments of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and determined that an end strength for active duty personnel of the Army below the end strength level authorized in section 401(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3348) will be ade-quate to meet the national military strategy of the United States. 
(6) A description of various alternative options 
for allocating funds to ensure that the end strengths of the Army do not fall below levels of significant risk, as determined pursuant to the risk assessment conducted by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under paragraph (3). 
(7) Such other information or updates as the 
Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
(b) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection 
(a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
Sec. 501. Reinstatement of enhanced authority 
for selective early discharge of warrant officers. Sec. 502. Equitable treatment of junior officers 
excluded from an all-fully-quali-fied-officers list because of admin-istrative error. 
Sec. 503. Enhanced flexibility for determination 
of officers to continue on active duty and for selective early retire-ment and early discharge. 
Sec. 504. Authority to defer until age 68 manda-
tory retirement for age of a gen-eral or flag officer serving as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chap-lains of the Army, Navy, or Air Force. 
Sec. 505. General rule for warrant officer retire-
ment in highest grade held satis-factorily. 
Sec. 506. Implementation of Comptroller Gen-
eral recommendation on the defi-nition and availability of costs as-sociated with general and flag of-ficers and their aides. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
Sec. 511. Continued service in the Ready Re-
serve by Members of Congress who are also members of the Ready Re-serve. 
Sec. 512. Clarification of purpose of reserve 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory promotion board. 
Sec. 513. Increase in number of days of active 
duty required to be performed by reserve component members for duty to be considered Federal service for purposes of unemploy-ment compensation for ex- servicemembers. 
Sec. 514. Temporary authority to use Air Force 
reserve component personnel to provide training and instruction regarding pilot training. 
Sec. 515. Assessment of Military Compensation 
and Retirement Modernization Commission recommendation re-garding consolidation of authori-ties to order members of reserve components to perform duty. 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
Sec. 521. Limited authority for Secretary con-
cerned to initiate applications for correction of military records. 
Sec. 522. Temporary authority to develop and 
provide additional recruitment in-centives. 
Sec. 523. Expansion of authority to conduct 
pilot programs on career flexi-bility to enhance retention of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 524. Modification of notice and wait re-
quirements for change in ground combat exclusion policy for female members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 525. Role of Secretary of Defense in devel-
opment of gender-neutral occupa-tional standards. 
Sec. 526. Establishment of process by which 
members of the Armed Forces may carry an appropriate firearm on a military installation. 
Sec. 527. Establishment of breastfeeding policy 
for the Department of the Army. 
Sec. 528. Sense of Congress recognizing the di-
versity of the members of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sexual 
Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response 
Sec. 531. Enforcement of certain crime victim 
rights by the Court of Criminal Appeals. 
Sec. 532. Department of Defense civilian em-
ployee access to Special Victims’ Counsel. Sec. 533. Authority of Special Victims’ Counsel 
to provide legal consultation and assistance in connection with var-ious Government proceedings. 
Sec. 534. Timely notification to victims of sex- 
related offenses of the availability of assistance from Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 535. Additional improvements to Special 
Victims’ Counsel program. 
Sec. 536. Enhancement of confidentiality of re-
stricted reporting of sexual as-sault in the military. 
Sec. 537. Modification of deadline for establish-
ment of Defense Advisory Com-mittee on Investigation, Prosecu-tion, and Defense of Sexual As-sault in the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 538. Improved Department of Defense pre-
vention and response to sexual as-saults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 539. Preventing retaliation against mem-
bers of the Armed Forces who re-port or intervene on behalf of the victim of an alleged sex-related of-fence. 
Sec. 540. Sexual assault prevention and re-
sponse training for administrators and instructors of Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
Sec. 541. Retention of case notes in investiga-
tions of sex-related offenses in-volving members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps. 
Sec. 542. Comptroller General of the United 
States reports on prevention and response to sexual assault by the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve. 
Sec. 543. Improved implementation of changes 
to Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice. 
Sec. 544. Modification of Rule 104 of the Rules 
for Courts-Martial to establish certain prohibitions concerning evaluations of Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 545. Modification of Rule 304 of the Mili-
tary Rules of Evidence relating to the corroboration of a confession or admission. 
Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, and 
Transition 
Sec. 551. Enhancements to Yellow Ribbon Re-
integration Program. 
Sec. 552. Availability of preseparation coun-
seling for members of the Armed Forces discharged or released after limited active duty. 
Sec. 553. Availability of additional training op-
portunities under Transition As-sistance Program. 
Sec. 554. Modification of requirement for in- 
resident instruction for courses of instruction offered as part of Phase II joint professional mili-tary education. 
Sec. 555. Termination of program of educational 
assistance for reserve component members supporting contingency operations and other operations. 
Sec. 556. Appointments to military service acad-
emies from nominations made by Delegates in Congress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
Sec. 557. Support for athletic programs of the 
United States Military Academy. 
Sec. 558. Condition on admission of defense in-
dustry civilians to attend the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. 
Sec. 559. Quality assurance of certification pro-
grams and standards for profes-sional credentials obtained by members of the Armed Forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6362 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 560. Prohibition on receipt of unemploy-
ment insurance while receiving post-9/11 education assistance. 
Sec. 561. Job Training and Post-Service Place-
ment Executive Committee. 
Sec. 562. Recognition of additional involuntary 
mobilization duty authorities ex-empt from five-year limit on reem-ployment rights of persons who serve in the uniformed services. 
Sec. 563. Expansion of outreach for veterans 
transitioning from serving on ac-tive duty. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and 
Military Family Readiness Matters 
Sec. 571. Continuation of authority to assist 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
Sec. 572. Impact aid for children with severe 
disabilities. 
Sec. 573. Authority to use appropriated funds to 
support Department of Defense student meal programs in domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary schools located outside the United States. 
Sec. 574. Family support programs for imme-
diate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
Sec. 581. Authorization for award of the Distin-
guished-Service Cross for acts of extraordinary heroism during the Korean War. 
Subtitle H—Miscellaneous Reports and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 591. Coordination with non-government 
suicide prevention organizations and agencies to assist in reducing suicides by members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 592. Extension of semiannual reports on 
the involuntary separation of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 593. Report on preliminary mental health 
screenings for individuals becom-ing members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 594. Report regarding new rulemaking 
under the Military Lending Act and Defense Manpower Data Center reports and meetings. 
Sec. 595. Remotely piloted aircraft career field 
manning shortfalls. 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. REINSTATEMENT OF ENHANCED AU-
THORITY FOR SELECTIVE EARLY DIS-CHARGE OF WARRANT OFFICERS. 
Section 580a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘November 
30, 1993, and ending on October 1, 1999’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2015, and ending on October 1, 2019’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively. 
SEC. 502. EQUITABLE TREATMENT OF JUNIOR OF-
FICERS EXCLUDED FROM AN ALL- FULLY-QUALIFIED-OFFICERS LIST BECAUSE OF ADMINISTRATIVE ERROR. 
(a) O FFICERS ON ACTIVE -DUTY LIST.—Section 
624(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) If the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned determines that one or more of-ficers or former officers were not placed on an all-fully-qualified-list under this paragraph be-cause of administrative error, the Secretary may prepare a supplemental all-fully-qualified-offi-cers list containing the names of any such offi-cers for approval in accordance with this para-
graph.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS ON RESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS  
LIST.—Section 14308(b)(4) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) If the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned determines that one or more of-ficers or former officers were not placed on an all-fully-qualified-list under this paragraph be-cause of administrative error, the Secretary may prepare a supplemental all-fully-qualified-offi-cers list containing the names of any such offi-cers for approval in accordance with this para-graph.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO SPECIAL SE-
LECTION BOARD AUTHORITY .— 
(1) R EGULAR COMPONENTS .—Section 628(a)(1) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or the name of a person that should have been placed on an all-fully-qualified-offi-cers list under section 624(a)(3) of this title was not so placed,’’. 
(2) R
ESERVE COMPONENTS .—Section 14502(a)(1) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or whose name was not placed on an all-fully-qualified-officers list under section 14308(b)(4) of this title because of administrative error,’’. 
SEC. 503. ENHANCED FLEXIBILITY FOR DETER-
MINATION OF OFFICERS TO CON-TINUE ON ACTIVE DUTY AND FOR SE-LECTIVE EARLY RETIREMENT AND EARLY DISCHARGE. 
Section 638a(d)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘officers consid-ered—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘offi-cers considered.’’. 
SEC. 504. AUTHORITY TO DEFER UNTIL AGE 68 
MANDATORY RETIREMENT FOR AGE OF A GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER SERVING AS CHIEF OR DEPUTY CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, OR AIR FORCE. 
(a) D EFERRAL AUTHORITY .— Section 1253 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) D
EFERRED RETIREMENT OF CHAPLAINS .— 
(1) The Secretary of the military department concerned may defer the retirement under sub-section (a) of an officer serving in a general or flag officer grade who is the Chief of Chaplains or Deputy Chief of Chaplains of that officer’s armed force. 
‘‘(2) A deferment of the retirement of an offi-
cer referred to in paragraph (1) may not extend beyond the first day of the month following the month in which the officer becomes 68 years of age. 
‘‘(3) The authority to defer the retirement of 
an officer referred to in paragraph (1) expires December 31, 2020. Subject to paragraph (2), a deferment granted before that date may con-tinue on and after that date.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
1253 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1253. Age 64: regular commissioned officers 
in general and flag officer grades; excep-tions’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 63 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 1253 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘1253. Age 64: regular commissioned officers in 
general and flag officer grades; exceptions.’’. 
SEC. 505. GENERAL RULE FOR WARRANT OFFICER 
RETIREMENT IN HIGHEST GRADE HELD SATISFACTORILY. 
Section 1371 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1371. Warrant officers: general rule 
‘‘Unless entitled to a higher retired grade 
under some other provision of law, a warrant officer shall be retired in the highest regular or 
reserve warrant officer grade in which the war-rant officer served satisfactorily, as determined by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
SEC. 506. IMPLEMENTATION OF COMPTROLLER 
GENERAL RECOMMENDATION ON THE DEFINITION AND AVAILABILITY OF COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH GEN-ERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS AND THEIR AIDES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF COSTS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For the purpose of providing 
a consistent approach to estimating and man-aging the full costs associated with general and flag officers and their aides, the Secretary of Defense shall direct the Director, Cost Assess-ment and Program Evaluation, to define the costs that could be associated with general and flag officers since 2001, including— 
(A) security details; (B) Government and commercial air travel; 
(C) general and flag officer per diem; (D) enlisted and officer aide housing and 
travel costs; 
(E) general and flag officer additional support 
staff and their travel, equipment, and per diem costs; 
(F) general and flag officer official residences; 
and 
(G) any other associated costs incurred due to 
the nature of their position. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Director, Cost Assess-
ment and Program Evaluation, shall prepare the definition of costs under paragraph (1) in co-ordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness and the Secretaries of the military departments. 
(b) R
EPORT ONCOSTS ASSOCIATED WITHGEN-
ERAL ANDFLAGOFFICERS AND AIDES.—Not later 
than June 30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report describing the costs associated with general and flag officers and their enlisted and officer aides. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 511. CONTINUED SERVICE IN THE READY RE-
SERVE BY MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO ARE ALSO MEMBERS OF THE READY RESERVE. 
Section 10149 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(b)(1) In applying Ready Reserve continuous 
screening under this section, an individual who is both a member of the Ready Reserve and a Member of Congress may not be transferred to the Standby Reserve or discharged on account of the individual’s position as a Member of Con-gress. 
‘‘(2) The transfer or discharge of an indi-
vidual who is both a member of the Ready Re-serve and a Member of Congress may be or-dered— 
‘‘(A) only by the Secretary of Defense or, in 
the case of a Member of Congress who also is a member of the Coast Guard Reserve, the Sec-retary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy; and 
‘‘(B) only on the basis of the needs of the 
service, taking into consideration the position and duties of the individual in the Ready Re-serve. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘Member of 
Congress’ includes a Delegate or Resident Com-missioner to Congress and a Member-elect.’’. 
SEC. 512. CLARIFICATION OF PURPOSE OF RE-
SERVE COMPONENT SPECIAL SELEC-TION BOARDS AS LIMITED TO COR-RECTION OF ERROR AT A MANDA-TORY PROMOTION BOARD. 
Section 14502(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6363 September 29, 2015 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘a selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘a mandatory promotion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title’’; and 
(B) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by striking 
‘‘selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘mandatory promotion board’’; and 
(2) in the first sentence of paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Such board’’ and inserting 
‘‘The special selection board’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘selection board’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘mandatory promotion board’’. 
SEC. 513. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF DAYS OF AC-
TIVE DUTY REQUIRED TO BE PER-FORMED BY RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR DUTY TO BE CONSID-ERED FEDERAL SERVICE FOR PUR-POSES OF UNEMPLOYMENT COM-PENSATION FOR EX- SERVICEMEMBERS. 
(a) I NCREASE OF NUMBER OF DAYS.—Section 
8521(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘90 days’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘180 days’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of Federal service commencing on or after that date. 
SEC. 514. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO USE AIR 
FORCE RESERVE COMPONENT PER-SONNEL TO PROVIDE TRAINING AND INSTRUCTION REGARDING PILOT TRAINING. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016, the 
Secretary of the Air Force may authorize per-sonnel described in paragraph (2) to provide training and instruction regarding pilot training to the following: 
(A) Members of the Armed Forces on active 
duty. 
(B) Members of foreign military forces who are 
in the United States. 
(2) P
ERSONNEL .—The personnel described in 
this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Members of the reserve components of the 
Air Force on active Guard and Reserve duty (as that term is defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code) who are not otherwise au-thorized to conduct the training described in paragraph (1) due to the limitations in section 12310 of title 10, United States Code. 
(B) Members of the Air Force who are military 
technicians (dual status) who are not otherwise authorized to conduct the training described in paragraph (1) due to the limitations in section 10216 of title 10, United States Code, and section 709(a) of title 32, United States Code. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 50 members 
described in paragraph (2) may provide training and instruction under the authority in para-graph (1) at any one time. 
(4) F
EDERAL TORT CLAIMS ACT .—Members of 
the uniformed services described in paragraph (2) who provide training and instruction pursu-ant to the authority in paragraph (1) shall be covered by the Federal Tort Claims Act for pur-poses of any claim arising from the employment of such individuals under that authority. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan to eliminate shortages in the number of pilot in-structors within the Air Force using authorities available to the Secretary under current law. 
SEC. 515. ASSESSMENT OF MILITARY COMPENSA-
TION AND RETIREMENT MODERNIZA-TION COMMISSION RECOMMENDA-TION REGARDING CONSOLIDATION OF AUTHORITIES TO ORDER MEM-BERS OF RESERVE COMPONENTS TO PERFORM DUTY. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall conduct an assessment of the rec-ommendation of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission regard-
ing consolidation of statutory authorities by which members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces may be ordered to perform duty. The Secretary shall specifically assess each of the six broader duty statuses recommended by the Commission as replacements for the 30 re-serve component duty statuses currently author-ized to determine whether consolidation will in-crease efficiency in the reserve components. 
(b) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report con-taining the results of the Secretary’s assessment. If, as a result of the assessment, the Secretary determines that an alternate approach to con-solidation of the statutory authorities described in subsection (a) is preferable, the Secretary shall submit the alternate approach, including a draft of such legislation as would be necessary to amend titles 10, 14, 32, and 37 of the United States Code and other provisions of law in order to implement the Secretary’s approach by Octo-ber 1, 2018. 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 521. LIMITED AUTHORITY FOR SECRETARY 
CONCERNED TO INITIATE APPLICA-TIONS FOR CORRECTION OF MILI-TARY RECORDS. 
Section 1552(b) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or his heir or legal represent-
ative’’ and inserting ‘‘(or the claimant’s heir or legal representative) or the Secretary con-cerned’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘he discovers’’ and inserting 
‘‘discovering’’; and 
(2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘How-
ever, a board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The Secretary concerned may file a request for correction of a military record only if the re-quest is made on behalf of a group of members or former members of the armed forces who were similarly harmed by the same error or injustice. A board’’. 
SEC. 522. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO DEVELOP 
AND PROVIDE ADDITIONAL RE-CRUITMENT INCENTIVES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL RECRUITMENT INCENTIVES AU-
THORIZED .—The Secretary of a military depart-
ment may develop and provide incentives, not otherwise authorized by law, to encourage indi-viduals to accept an appointment as a commis-sioned officer, to accept an appointment as a warrant officer, or to enlist in an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. 
(b) R
ELATION TO OTHER PERSONNEL AUTHORI -
TIES.—A recruitment incentive developed under 
subsection (a) may be provided— 
(1) without regard to the lack of specific au-
thority for the recruitment incentive under title 10 or 37, United States Code; and 
(2) notwithstanding any provision of such ti-
tles, or any rule or regulation prescribed under such provision, relating to methods of providing incentives to individuals to accept appointments or enlistments in the Armed Forces, including the provision of group or individual bonuses, pay, or other incentives. 
(c) N
OTICE AND WAITREQUIREMENT .—The 
Secretary of a military department may not pro-vide a recruitment incentive developed under subsection (a) until— 
(1) the Secretary submits to the congressional 
defense committees a plan regarding provision of the recruitment incentive, which includes— 
(A) a description of the incentive, including 
the purpose of the incentive and the potential recruits to be addressed by the incentive; 
(B) a description of the provisions of titles 10 
and 37, United States Code, from which the in-centive would require a waiver and the ration-ale to support the waiver; 
(C) a statement of the anticipated outcomes as 
a result of providing the incentive; and (D) a description of the method to be used to 
evaluate the effectiveness of the incentive; and 
(2) the expiration of the 30-day period begin-
ning on the date on which the plan was received by Congress. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF INCENTIVES .— 
The Secretary of a military department may not provide more than three recruitment incentives under the authority of this section. 
(e) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF INDIVIDUALS  
RECEIVING INCENTIVES .—The number of individ-
uals who receive one or more of the recruitment incentives provided under subsection (a) by the Secretary of a military department during a fis-cal year for an Armed Force under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary may not exceed 20 percent of the accession objective of that Armed Force for that fiscal year. 
(f) D
URATION OF DEVELOPED INCENTIVE .—A 
recruitment incentive developed under sub-section (a) may be provided for not longer than a three-year period beginning on the date on which the incentive is first provided, except that the Secretary of the military department con-cerned may extend the period if the Secretary determines that additional time is needed to fully evaluate the effectiveness of the incentive. 
(g) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—If the Sec-
retary of a military department provides an re-cruitment incentive under subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report, not later than 60 days after the end of the fiscal year, containing— 
(1) a description of each incentive provided 
under subsection (a) during that fiscal year; and 
(2) an assessment of the impact of the incen-
tives on the recruitment of individuals for an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary. 
(h) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE  
INCENTIVES .—Notwithstanding subsection (f); 
the authority to provide recruitment incentives under this section expires on December 31, 2020. 
SEC. 523. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-
DUCT PILOT PROGRAMS ON CAREER FLEXIBILITY TO ENHANCE RETEN-TION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF LIMITATION ON ELIGIBLE PAR-
TICIPANTS .—Subsection (b) of section 533 of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF LIMITATION ON NUMBER OF  
PARTICIPANTS .—Subsection (c) of section 533 of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 533 of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d) through 
(m) as subsections (b) through (k), respectively; and 
(2) in subsections (b)(1), (d), and (f)(3)(D) (as 
so redesignated), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’. 
SEC. 524. MODIFICATION OF NOTICE AND WAIT 
REQUIREMENTS FOR CHANGE IN GROUND COMBAT EXCLUSION POL-ICY FOR FEMALE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R ULE FOR GROUND COMBAT PERSONNEL  
POLICY .—Section 652(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘before 
any such change is implemented’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 30 calendar days before such change is implemented’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) by striking paragraph (5). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
652(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6364 September 29, 2015 
amended by inserting ‘‘calendar’’ before 
‘‘days’’. 
SEC. 525. ROLE OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE IN 
DEVELOPMENT OF GENDER-NEU-TRAL OCCUPATIONAL STANDARDS. 
Section 524(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3361; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph 
(1); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) measure the combat readiness of combat 
units, including special operations forces.’’. 
SEC. 526. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCESS BY 
WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY AN APPRO-PRIATE FIREARM ON A MILITARY IN-STALLATION. 
Not later than December 31, 2015, the Sec-
retary of Defense, taking into consideration the views of senior leadership of military installa-tions in the United States, shall establish and implement a process by which the commanders of military installations in the United States, or other military commanders designated by the Secretary of Defense for military reserve centers, Armed Services recruiting centers, and such other defense facilities as the Secretary may pre-scribe, may authorize a member of the Armed Forces who is assigned to duty at the installa-tion, center or facility to carry an appropriate firearm on the installation, center, or facility if the commander determines that carrying such a firearm is necessary as a personal- or force-pro-tection measure. 
SEC. 527. ESTABLISHMENT OF BREASTFEEDING 
POLICY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. 
The Secretary of the Army shall develop a 
comprehensive policy regarding breastfeeding by female members of the Army who are breastfeeding. At a minimum, the policy shall address the following: 
(1) The provision of a designated room or area 
that will provide the member with adequate pri-vacy and cleanliness and that includes an elec-trical outlet to facilitate the use of a breast pump. Restrooms should not be considered an appropriate location. 
(2) An allowance for appropriate breaks, 
when practicable, to permit the member to breastfeed or utilize a breast pump. 
SEC. 528. SENSE OF CONGRESS RECOGNIZING 
THE DIVERSITY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The United States military includes indi-
viduals with a variety of national, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds that have roots all over the world. 
(2) In addition to diverse backgrounds, mem-
bers of the Armed Forces come from numerous religious traditions, including Christian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, non-denominational, non-practicing, and many more. 
(3) Members of the Armed Forces from diverse 
backgrounds and religious traditions have lost their lives or been injured defending the na-tional security of the United States. 
(4) Diversity contributes to the strength of the 
Armed Forces, and service members from dif-ferent backgrounds and religious traditions share the same goal of defending the United States. 
(5) The unity of the Armed Forces reflects the 
strength in diversity that makes the United States a great nation. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to recognize and promote diver-
sity in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) honor those from all diverse backgrounds 
and religious traditions who have made sac-rifices in serving the United States through the Armed Forces. Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sex-
ual Assault and Domestic Violence Preven-tion and Response 
SEC. 531. ENFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN CRIME VIC-
TIM RIGHTS BY THE COURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS. 
Subsection (e) of section 806b of title 10, 
United States Code (article 6b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT BY COURT OF CRIMINAL  
APPEALS .—(1) If the victim of an offense under 
this chapter believes that a preliminary hearing ruling under section 832 of this title (article 32) or a court-martial ruling violates the rights of the victim afforded by a section (article) or rule specified in paragraph (4), the victim may peti-tion the Court of Criminal Appeals for a writ of mandamus to require the preliminary hearing officer or the court-martial to comply with the section (article) or rule. 
‘‘(2) If the victim of an offense under this 
chapter is subject to an order to submit to a dep-osition, notwithstanding the availability of the victim to testify at the court-martial trying the accused for the offense, the victim may petition the Court of Criminal Appeals for a writ of man-damus to quash such order. 
‘‘(3) A petition for a writ of mandamus de-
scribed in this subsection shall be forwarded di-rectly to the Court of Criminal Appeals, by such means as may be prescribed by the President, and, to the extent practicable, shall have pri-ority over all other proceedings before the court. 
‘‘(4) Paragraph (1) applies with respect to the 
protections afforded by the following: 
‘‘(A) This section (article). ‘‘(B) Section 832 (article 32) of this title. ‘‘(C) Military Rule of Evidence 412, relating to 
the admission of evidence regarding a victim’s sexual background. 
‘‘(D) Military Rule of Evidence 513, relating to 
the psychotherapist-patient privilege. 
‘‘(E) Military Rule of Evidence 514, relating to 
the victim advocate-victim privilege. 
‘‘(F) Military Rule of Evidence 615, relating to 
the exclusion of witnesses.’’. 
SEC. 532. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIAN 
EMPLOYEE ACCESS TO SPECIAL VIC-TIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Section 1044e(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A civilian employee of the Department of 
Defense who is not eligible for military legal as-sistance under section 1044(a)(7) of this title, but who is the victim of an alleged sex-related of-fense, and the Secretary of Defense or the Sec-retary of the military department concerned waives the condition in such section for the pur-poses of offering Special Victims’ Counsel serv-ices to the employee.’’. 
SEC. 533. AUTHORITY OF SPECIAL VICTIMS’ 
COUNSEL TO PROVIDE LEGAL CON-SULTATION AND ASSISTANCE IN CONNECTION WITH VARIOUS GOV-ERNMENT PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 1044e(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-
graph (10); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (9): 
‘‘(9) Legal consultation and assistance in con-
nection with— 
‘‘(A) any complaint against the Government, 
including an allegation under review by an in-spector general and a complaint regarding equal employment opportunities; 
‘‘(B) any request to the Government for infor-
mation, including a request under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as a ‘Freedom of Information Act request’); and 
‘‘(C) any correspondence or other communica-
tions with Congress.’’. SEC. 534. TIMELY NOTIFICATION TO VICTIMS OF 
SEX-RELATED OFFENSES OF THE AVAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE FROM SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
(a) T IMELY NOTICE DESCRIBED .—Section 
1044e(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) Subject to such exceptions for exigent cir-
cumstances as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating may prescribe, notice of the availability of a Special Victims’ Counsel shall be provided to an individual described in sub-section (a)(2) before any military criminal inves-tigator or trial counsel interviews, or requests any statement from, the individual regarding the alleged sex-related offense.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO RELATED  
LEGAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORITY .—Section 
1565b(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) Subject to such exceptions for exigent cir-
cumstances as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating may prescribe, notice of the availability of a Special Victims’ Counsel under section 1044e of this title shall be provided to a member of the armed forces or dependent who is the victim of sexual assault before any military criminal investigator or trial counsel interviews, or requests any statement from, the member or dependent regarding the alleged sexual as-sault.’’. 
SEC. 535. ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS TO SPE-
CIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL PROGRAM. 
(a) T RAINING TIME PERIOD AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 1044e(d) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘An individual’’; (2) by designating existing paragraphs (1) and 
(2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(A) develop a policy to standardize the time 
period within which a Special Victims’ Counsel receives training; and 
‘‘(B) establish the baseline training require-
ments for a Special Victims’ Counsel.’’. 
(b) I
MPROVED ADMINISTRATIVE RESPONSI -
BILITY .—Section 1044e(e) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense, in collabora-
tion with the Secretaries of the military depart-ments and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, shall estab-lish— 
‘‘(A) guiding principles for the Special Vic-
tims’ Counsel program, to include ensuring that— 
‘‘(i) Special Victims’ Counsel are assigned to 
locations that maximize the opportunity for face-to-face communication between counsel and clients; and 
‘‘(ii) effective means of communication are 
available to permit counsel and client inter-actions when face-to-face communication is not feasible; 
‘‘(B) performance measures and standards to 
measure the effectiveness of the Special Victims’ Counsel program and client satisfaction with the program; and 
‘‘(C) processes by which the Secretaries of the 
military departments and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating will evaluate and monitor the Special Vic-tims’ Counsel program using such guiding prin-ciples and performance measures and stand-ards.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6365 September 29, 2015 
(c) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT REGARDING  
QUALIFICATIONS .—Section 1044(d)(2) of chapter 
53 of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘meets the additional qualifications specified in subsection (d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘satisfies the additional qualifications and training requirements specified in subsection (d)’’. 
SEC. 536. ENHANCEMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY 
OF RESTRICTED REPORTING OF SEX-UAL ASSAULT IN THE MILITARY. 
(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE LAWTOENSURE  
CONFIDENTIALITY OF REPORTING .—Section 
1565b(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) In the case of information disclosed pur-
suant to paragraph (1), any State law or regula-tion that would require an individual specified in paragraph (2) to disclose the personally iden-tifiable information of the adult victim or al-leged perpetrator of the sexual assault to a State or local law enforcement agency shall not apply, except when reporting is necessary to prevent or mitigate a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of an individual.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF SCOPE.—Section 
1565b(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a dependent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘an adult dependent’’. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1565b of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) S EXUAL ASSAULT .—The term ‘sexual as-
sault’ includes the offenses of rape, sexual as-sault, forcible sodomy, aggravated sexual con-tact, abusive sexual contact, and attempts to commit such offenses, as punishable under ap-plicable Federal or State law. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ includes the 
District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or posses-sion of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 537. MODIFICATION OF DEADLINE FOR ES-
TABLISHMENT OF DEFENSE ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGA-TION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3374; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 538. IMPROVED DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN WHICH THE VICTIM IS A MALE MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LAN TO IMPROVE PREVENTION AND RE-
SPONSE .—The Secretary of Defense, in collabo-
ration with the Secretaries of the military de-partments, shall develop a plan to improve De-partment of Defense prevention and response to sexual assaults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Sexual assault prevention and response 
training to more comprehensively and directly address the incidence of male members of the Armed Forces who are sexually assaulted and how certain behavior and activities, such as hazing, can constitute a sexual assault. 
(2) Methods to evaluate the extent to which 
differences exist in the medical and mental health-care needs of male and female sexual as-sault victims, and the care regimen, if any, that will best meet those needs. 
(3) Data-driven decision making to improve 
male-victim sexual assault prevention and re-sponse program efforts. (4) Goals with associated metrics to drive the 
changes needed to address sexual assaults of male members of the Armed Forces. 
(5) Information about the sexual victimization 
of males in communications to members that are used to raise awareness of sexual assault and efforts to prevent and respond to it. 
(6) Guidance for the department’s medical and 
mental health providers, and other personnel as appropriate, based on the results of the evalua-tion described in paragraph (2), that delineates these gender-specific distinctions and the care regimen that is recommended to most effectively meet those needs. 
SEC. 539. PREVENTING RETALIATION AGAINST 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO REPORT OR INTERVENE ON BE-HALF OF THE VICTIM OF AN AL-LEGED SEX-RELATED OFFENCE. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall develop a comprehensive strategy to prevent retaliation carried out by members of the Armed Forces against other members who re-port or otherwise intervene on behalf of the vic-tim of an alleged sex-related offence. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive strategy 
required by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Bystander intervention programs empha-
sizing the importance of guarding against retal-iation. 
(2) Department of Defense and military de-
partment policies and requirements to ensure protection for victims of alleged sex-related offences and members who intervene on behalf of victims from retaliation. 
(3) Additional training for commanders on 
methods and procedures to combat attitudes and beliefs that result in retaliation. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘alleged sex-related offence’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 1044e(g) of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘retaliation’’ has such meaning 
as may be given that term by the Secretary of Defense in the development of the strategy re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 540. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-
SPONSE TRAINING FOR ADMINIS-TRATORS AND INSTRUCTORS OF SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAIN-ING CORPS. 
The Secretary of a military department shall 
ensure that the commander of each unit of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps and all Professors of Military Science, senior military instructors, and civilian employees detailed, as-signed, or employed as administrators and in-structors of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps receive regular sexual assault preven-tion and response training and education. 
SEC. 541. RETENTION OF CASE NOTES IN INVES-
TIGATIONS OF SEX-RELATED OF-FENSES INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, AIR FORCE, OR MA-RINE CORPS. 
(a) R ETENTION OF ALL INVESTIGATIVE  
RECORDS REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update Department of Defense records retention policies to ensure that, for all investigations relating to an alleged sex-related offense (as defined in section 1044e(g) of title 10, United States Code) involv-ing a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps, all elements of the case file shall be retained as part of the investigative records retained in accordance with section 586 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In updating records retention 
policies as required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall address, at a minimum, the following matters: 
(1) The elements of the case file to be retained 
must include, at a minimum, the case activity record, case review record, investigative plans, and all case notes made by an investigating 
agent or agents. 
(2) All investigative records must be retained 
for no less than 50 years. 
(3) No element of the case file may be de-
stroyed until the expiration of the time that in-vestigative records must be kept. 
(4) Records may be stored digitally or in hard 
copy, in accordance with existing law or regula-tions or additionally prescribed policy consid-ered necessary by the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
(c) C
ONSISTENT EDUCATION AND POLICY .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall ensure that existing policy, education, and training are updated to reflect policy changes in accordance with sub-section (a). 
(d) U
NIFORM APPLICATION TO MILITARY DE-
PARTMENTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall en-
sure that, to the maximum extent practicable, the policy developed under subsections (a) is im-plemented uniformly by the military depart-ments. 
SEC. 542. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORTS ON PRE-VENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULT BY THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD AND THE ARMY RESERVE. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the preliminary assessment of the Comptroller Gen-eral (made pursuant to a review conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of this sec-tion) of the extent to which the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve— 
(1) have in place policies and programs to pre-
vent and respond to incidents of sexual assault involving members of the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as applicable; 
(2) provide medical and mental health care 
services to members of the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as applicable, following a sexual assault; and 
(3) have identified whether the nature of serv-
ice in the Army National Guard or the Army Re-serve, as the case may be, poses challenges to the prevention of or response to sexual assault. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .—If after submitting 
the report required by subsection (a) the Comp-troller General makes additional assessments as a result of the review described in that sub-section, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress such reports on such additional assess-ments as the Comptroller General considers ap-propriate. 
SEC. 543. IMPROVED IMPLEMENTATION OF 
CHANGES TO UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall examine the 
Department of Defense process for implementing statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice for the purpose of developing op-tions for streamlining such process. The Sec-retary shall adopt procedures to ensure that legal guidance is published as soon as prac-ticable whenever statutory changes to the Uni-form Code of Military Justice are implemented. 
SEC. 544. MODIFICATION OF RULE 104 OF THE 
RULES FOR COURTS-MARTIAL TO ES-TABLISH CERTAIN PROHIBITIONS CONCERNING EVALUATIONS OF SPE-CIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, Rule 104(b) of the Rules for Courts-Martial shall be modified to provide that the prohibitions concerning evaluations es-tablished by that Rule shall apply to the giving of a less favorable rating or evaluation to any member of the Armed Forces serving as a Special Victims’ Counsel because of the zeal with which such counsel represented a victim. 
SEC. 545. MODIFICATION OF RULE 304 OF THE 
MILITARY RULES OF EVIDENCE RE-LATING TO THE CORROBORATION OF A CONFESSION OR ADMISSION. 
To the extent the President considers prac-
ticable, the President shall modify Rule 304(c) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6366 September 29, 2015 
the Military Rules of Evidence to conform to the 
rules governing the admissibility of the corrobo-ration of admissions and confessions in the trial of criminal cases in the United States district courts. 
Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, and 
Transition 
SEC. 551. ENHANCEMENTS TO YELLOW RIBBON 
REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) S COPE AND PURPOSE .—Section 582(a) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘combat veteran’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—Section 582 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(l) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS DEFINED .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible indi-vidual’ means a member of a reserve component, a member of their family, or a designated rep-resentative who the Secretary of Defense deter-mines to be eligible for the Yellow Ribbon Re-integration Program.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 582 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘National 
Guard and Reserve members and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘members of 
the reserve components of the Armed Forces, their families,’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individ-uals’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘mem-
bers of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(D) in subsection (h), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘members of the Armed Forces 
and their family members’’ and inserting ‘‘eligi-ble individuals’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such members and their fam-
ily members’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible indi-viduals’’; 
(E) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘members of 
the Armed Forces and their families’’ and insert-ing ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
(F) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘individual 
members of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’. 
(c) O
FFICE FOR REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS .— 
Section 582(d) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
stance abuse and mental health treatment serv-ices’’ and inserting ‘‘substance abuse, mental health treatment, and other quality of life serv-ices’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—The Office for Reintegration 
Programs may make grants to conduct data col-lection, trend analysis, and curriculum develop-ment and to prepare reports in support of activi-ties under this section.’’. 
(d) O
PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) E NHANCED FLEXIBILITY .—Subsection (g) of 
section 582 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110– 181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) O
PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Office for Reintegra-
tion Programs shall assist State National Guard and Reserve organizations with the development and provision of information, events, and activi-ties to support the health and well-being of eli-gible individuals before, during, and after peri-ods of activation, mobilization, or deployment. 
‘‘(2) F
OCUS OF INFORMATION , EVENTS , AND AC -
TIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) B EFORE ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—Before a period of activation, mobilization, or deployment, the information, 
events, and activities described in paragraph (1) should focus on preparing eligible individuals and affected communities for the rigors of acti-vation, mobilization, and deployment. 
‘‘(B) D
URING ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—During such a period, the infor-
mation, events, and activities described in para-graph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) helping eligible individuals cope with the 
challenges and stress associated with such pe-riod; 
‘‘(ii) decreasing the isolation of eligible indi-
viduals during such period; and 
‘‘(iii) preparing eligible individuals for the 
challenges associated with reintegration. 
‘‘(C) A
FTER ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—After such a period, but no ear-
lier than 30 days after demobilization, the infor-mation, events, and activities described in para-graph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) reconnecting the member with their fami-
lies, friends, and communities; 
‘‘(ii) providing information on employment op-
portunities; 
‘‘(iii) helping eligible individuals deal with the 
challenges of reintegration; 
‘‘(iv) ensuring that eligible individuals under-
stand what benefits they are entitled to and what resources are available to help them over-come the challenges of reintegration; and 
‘‘(v) providing a forum for addressing nega-
tive behaviors related to operational stress and reintegration. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBER PAY .—Members shall receive ap-
propriate pay for days spent attending such events and activities. 
‘‘(4) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF EVENTS AND ACTIVI -
TIES.—The State National Guard and Reserve 
Organizations shall provide to eligible individ-uals— 
‘‘(A) one event or activity before a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment; 
‘‘(B) one event or activity during a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment; and 
‘‘(C) two events or activities after a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 582 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘throughout 
the entire deployment cycle’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘well-being through the 4 
phases’’ through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘well-being.’’; 
(ii) in the heading, by striking ‘‘; D
EPLOY -
MENT CYCLE’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking 
‘‘throughout the deployment cycle described in subsection (g)’’; and 
(D) in the heading of subsection (f), by strik-
ing ‘‘S
TATE DEPLOYMENT CYCLE’’. 
(e) A DDITIONAL PERMITTED OUTREACH SERV-
ICE.—Section 582(h) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(16) Stress management and positive coping 
skills.’’. 
(f) S
UPPORT OF DEPARTMENT -WIDE SUICIDE  
PREVENTION EFFORTS .—Section 582 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) S
UPPORT OF SUICIDE PREVENTION EF-
FORTS .—The Office for Reintegration Programs 
shall assist the Defense Suicide Prevention Of-fice and the Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain In-jury to collect and analyze information, sugges-tions, and best practices from State National Guard and Reserve organizations with suicide prevention and community response programs.’’. 
(g) N
AMECHANGE .—Section 582(d)(1)(B) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 
note) is amended by striking ‘‘Substance Abuse and the Mental Health Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration’’. 
SEC. 552. AVAILABILITY OF PRESEPARATION 
COUNSELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DISCHARGED OR RE-LEASED AFTER LIMITED ACTIVE DUTY. 
Section 1142(a)(4) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘that 
member’s first 180 days of active duty’’ and in-serting ‘‘the first 180 continuous days of active duty of the member’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of calculating the days of 
active duty of a member under subparagraph (A), the Secretary concerned shall exclude any day on which— 
‘‘(i) the member performed full-time training 
duty or annual training duty; and 
‘‘(ii) the member attended, while in the active 
military service, a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
SEC. 553. AVAILABILITY OF ADDITIONAL TRAIN-
ING OPPORTUNITIES UNDER TRAN-SITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL TRAINING OPPORTUNITIES .— 
(1) As part of the program carried out under this section, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy, shall permit a member of the armed forces eligible for assistance under the program to elect to receive additional training in any of the fol-lowing subjects: 
‘‘(A) Preparation for higher education or 
training. 
‘‘(B) Preparation for career or technical train-
ing. 
‘‘(C) Preparation for entrepreneurship. ‘‘(D) Other training options determined by the 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense and the Sec-
retary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy, shall ensure that a member of the armed forces who elects to receive additional training in subjects available under paragraph (1) is able to receive the training.’’. 
SEC. 554. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
IN-RESIDENT INSTRUCTION FOR COURSES OF INSTRUCTION OF-FERED AS PART OF PHASE II JOINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDU-CATION. 
Section 2154(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, or offered through,’’ after ‘‘taught in residence at’’. 
SEC. 555. TERMINATION OF PROGRAM OF EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR RE-SERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS SUP-PORTING CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS AND OTHER OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1607 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 16167. Sunset 
‘‘(a) S
UNSET .—The authority to provide edu-
cational assistance under this chapter shall ter-minate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON PROVISION OF ASSISTANCE  
PENDING SUNSET .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this chapter, during the period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6367 September 29, 2015 
Year 2016 and ending on the date that is four 
years after the date of the enactment of that Act, educational assistance may be provided under this chapter only to a member otherwise eligible for educational assistance under this chapter who received educational assistance under this chapter for a course of study at an educational institution for the enrollment period at the educational institution that immediately preceded the date of the enactment of that Act.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 1607 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘16167. Sunset.’’. 
SEC. 556. APPOINTMENTS TO MILITARY SERVICE 
ACADEMIES FROM NOMINATIONS MADE BY DELEGATES IN CONGRESS FROM THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, GUAM, AMERICAN SAMOA, AND THE COM-MONWEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. 
(a) U NITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY .—Sec-
tion 4342(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’. 
(b) U
NITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY .—Section 
6954(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’. 
(c) U
NITED STATES AIRFORCE ACADEMY .— 
Section 9342(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply with respect to the nomination of candidates for appointment to the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United States Air Force Academy for classes entering these military service academies after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 557. SUPPORT FOR ATHLETIC PROGRAMS OF 
THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 403 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 4362. Support of athletic programs 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of the Army may enter 
into contracts and cooperative agreements with the Army West Point Athletic Association for the purpose of supporting the athletic programs of the Academy. Notwithstanding section 2304(k) of this title, the Secretary may enter such contracts or cooperative agreements on a sole source basis pursuant to section 2304(c)(5) of this title. Notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31, a cooperative agreement under this section may be used to acquire property or services for the direct benefit or use of the Academy. 
‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL CONTROLS .—(A) Before enter-
ing into a contract or cooperative agreement under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure 
that such contract or agreement includes appro-priate financial controls to account for Academy and Association resources in accordance with accepted accounting principles. 
‘‘(B) Any such contract or cooperative agree-
ment shall contain a provision that allows the Secretary, at the Secretary’s discretion, to re-view the financial accounts of the Association to determine whether the operations of the Asso-ciation— 
‘‘(i) are consistent with the terms of the con-
tract or cooperative agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) will not compromise the integrity or ap-
pearance of integrity of any program of the De-partment of the Army. 
‘‘(3) L
EASES .—Section 2667(h) of this title shall 
not apply to any leases the Secretary may enter into with the Association for the purpose of sup-porting the athletic programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(b) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—To the extent required by a 
contract or cooperative agreement under sub-section (a), the Secretary may provide support services to the Association while the Association conducts its support activities at the Academy. The Secretary may provide support services de-scribed in paragraph (2) only if the Secretary determines that the provision of such services is essential for the support of the athletic pro-grams of the Academy. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORT SERVICES DEFINED .—(A) In this 
subsection, the term ‘support services’ includes utilities, office furnishings and equipment, com-munications services, records staging and archiving, audio and video support, and secu-rity systems in conjunction with the leasing or licensing of property. 
‘‘(B) Such term includes— ‘‘(i) housing for Association personnel on 
United States Army Garrison, West Point, New York; and 
‘‘(ii) enrollment of dependents of Association 
personnel in elementary and secondary schools under the same criteria applied to dependents of Federal employees under section 2164(a) of this title, except that educational services provided pursuant to this clause shall be provided on a reimbursable basis. 
‘‘(3) N
O LIABILITY OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
Any such support services may only be provided without any liability of the United States to the Association. 
‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE OF SUPPORT .— 
‘‘(1) S UPPORT RECEIVED FROM THE ASSOCIA -
TION.—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, 
the Secretary may accept from the Association funds, supplies, and services for the support of the athletic programs of the Academy. For the purposes of this section, employees or personnel of the Association may not be considered to be employees of the United States. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDS RECEIVED FROM NCAA .—The Sec-
retary may accept funds from the National Col-legiate Athletic Association to support the ath-letic programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that contributions under this subsection and ex-penditure of funds pursuant to subsection (e) do not reflect unfavorably on the ability of the De-partment of the Army, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and objective manner, or compromise the integrity or appear-ance of integrity of any program of the Depart-ment of the Army, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(d) T
RADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS.— 
‘‘(1) L ICENSING , MARKETING , AND SPONSORSHIP  
AGREEMENTS .—An agreement under subsection 
(a) may, consistent with section 2260 of this title (other than subsection (d) of such section), au-thorize the Association to enter into licensing, marketing, and sponsorship agreements relating to trademarks and service marks identifying the Academy, subject to the approval of the Sec-retary of the Army. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—No licensing, marketing, 
or sponsorship agreement may be entered into under paragraph (1) if— 
‘‘(A) such agreement would reflect unfavor-
ably on the ability of the Department of the Army, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and objective manner; or 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the use of 
the trademark or service mark would com-promise the integrity or appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of the Army, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(e) R
ETENTION AND USE OF FUNDS.—Any 
funds received by the Secretary under this sec-tion may be retained for use in support of the athletic programs of the Academy and shall re-main available until expended. 
‘‘(f) S
ERVICE ON ASSOCIATION BOARD OF DI-
RECTORS .—The Association is a designated enti-
ty for which authorization under sections 1033(a) and 1589(a) of this title may be provided. 
‘‘(g) C
ONDITIONS .—The authority provided in 
this section with respect to the Association is available only so long as the Association con-tinues— 
‘‘(1) to qualify as a nonprofit organization 
under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and operates in accordance with this section, the law of the State of New York, and the constitution and bylaws of the Associa-tion; and 
‘‘(2) to operate exclusively to support the ath-
letic programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(h) A
SSOCIATION DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘Association’ means the Army West Point Athletic Association.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 403 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘4362. Support of athletic programs.’’. 
SEC. 558. CONDITION ON ADMISSION OF DE-
FENSE INDUSTRY CIVILIANS TO AT-TEND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 9314a(c)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘will be done on a space-available basis and not require an in-crease in the size of the faculty’’ and inserting ‘‘will not require an increase in the permanently authorized size of the faculty’’. 
SEC. 559. QUALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFI-
CATION PROGRAMS AND STANDARDS FOR PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS OBTAINED BY MEMBERS OF THE 
ARMED FORCES. 
Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by section 551 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3376), is further amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFICATION  
PROGRAMS AND STANDARDS .—(1) Commencing 
not later than three years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016, each Secretary concerned shall ensure that any credentialing program used in connection with the program under subsection (a) is accredited by an accredi-tation body that meets the requirements speci-fied in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) The requirements for accreditation bodies 
specified in this paragraph are requirements that an accreditation body— 
‘‘(A) be an independent body that has in place 
mechanisms to ensure objectivity and impar-tiality in its accreditation activities; 
‘‘(B) meet a recognized national or inter-
national standard that directs its policy and procedures regarding accreditation; 
‘‘(C) apply a recognized national or inter-
national certification standard in making its ac-creditation decisions regarding certification bod-ies and programs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6368 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(D) conduct on-site visits, as applicable, to 
verify the documents and records submitted by credentialing bodies for accreditation; 
‘‘(E) have in place policies and procedures to 
ensure due process when addressing complaints and appeals regarding its accreditation activi-ties; 
‘‘(F) conduct regular training to ensure con-
sistent and reliable decisions among reviewers conducting accreditations; and 
‘‘(G) meet such other criteria as the Secretary 
concerned considers appropriate in order to en-sure quality in its accreditation activities.’’. 
SEC. 560. PROHIBITION ON RECEIPT OF UNEM-
PLOYMENT INSURANCE WHILE RE-CEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATION AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) E FFECT OF RECEIPT OF POST-9/11 E DU-
CATION ASSISTANCE .—Section 8525(b) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘he receives’’ and inserting ‘‘the indi-vidual receives’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) except in the case of an individual de-
scribed in subsection (a), an educational assist-ance allowance under chapter 33 of title 38; or’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Section 8525 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting before sub-section (b) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(a) Subsection (b)(2) does not apply to an in-
dividual who— 
‘‘(1) is otherwise entitled to compensation 
under this subchapter; 
‘‘(2) is described in section 3311(b) of title 38; ‘‘(3) is not receiving retired pay under title 10; 
and 
‘‘(4) was discharged or released from service in 
the Armed Forces or the Commissioned Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration (including through a reduction in force) under honorable conditions, but did not volun-tarily separate from such service.’’. 
SEC. 561. JOB TRAINING AND POST-SERVICE 
PLACEMENT EXECUTIVE COM-MITTEE. 
Section 320 of title 38, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘a subor-
dinate Job Training and Post-Service Placement Executive Committee,’’ before ‘‘and such other committees’’; 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) J
OBTRAINING AND POST-SERVICE PLACE-
MENT EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE .—The Job Train-
ing and Post-Service Placement Executive Com-mittee described in subsection (b)(2) shall— 
‘‘(1) review existing policies, procedures, and 
practices of the Departments (including the mili-tary departments) with respect to job training and post-service placement programs; and 
‘‘(2) identify changes to such policies, proce-
dures, and practices to improve job training and post-service placement.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (d)(2), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing with respect to job training and post-service placement’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 562. RECOGNITION OF ADDITIONAL INVOL-
UNTARY MOBILIZATION DUTY AU-THORITIES EXEMPT FROM FIVE- YEAR LIMIT ON REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS OF PERSONS WHO SERVE IN THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
Section 4312(c)(4)(A) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘12304,’’ the following: ‘‘12304a, 12304b,’’. 
SEC. 563. EXPANSION OF OUTREACH FOR VET-
ERANS TRANSITIONING FROM SERV-ING ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) E XPANSION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 
5(c)(5) of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act (Public Law 114–2; 38 U.S.C. 1712A note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) conducts outreach to individuals 
transitioning from serving on active duty in the Armed Forces who are participating in the Transition Assistance Program of the Depart-ment of Defense or other similar transition pro-grams to inform such individuals of the commu-nity oriented veteran peer support network under paragraph (1) and other support pro-grams and opportunities that are available to such individuals.’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF INFORMATION IN INTERIM  
REPORT .—Section 5(d)(1) of the Clay Hunt Sui-
cide Prevention for American Veterans Act (Public Law 114–2; 38 U.S.C. 1712A note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the number of veterans who— ‘‘(i) received outreach from the Department of 
Veterans Affairs while serving on active duty as a member of the Armed Forces; and 
‘‘(ii) participated in a peer support program 
under the pilot program for veterans transitioning from serving on active duty.’’. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education 
and Military Family Readiness Matters 
SEC. 571. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-
SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  
NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— 
Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide ac-tivities as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301, $25,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local edu-cational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). 
(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 8013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 572. IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SE-
VERE DISABILITIES. 
Of the amount authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for De-fense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $5,000,000 shall be avail-able for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). 
SEC. 573. AUTHORITY TO USE APPROPRIATED 
FUNDS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STUDENT MEAL PRO-GRAMS IN DOMESTIC DEPENDENT ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 2243 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘the defense dependents’ edu-
cation system’’ and inserting ‘‘overseas defense dependents’ schools’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘students enrolled in that sys-
tem’’ and inserting ‘‘students enrolled in such a school’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Department 
of Defense dependents’ schools which are lo-cated outside the United States’’ and inserting 
‘‘overseas defense dependents’ schools’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) O
VERSEAS DEFENSE DEPENDENTS ’ SCHOOL  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘overseas de-
fense dependents’ school’ means the following: 
‘‘(1) A school established as part of the de-
fense dependents’ education system provided for under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) An elementary or secondary school estab-
lished pursuant to section 2164 of this title that is located in a territory, commonwealth, or pos-session of the United States.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
2243 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2243. Authority to use appropriated funds 
to support student meal programs in over-seas defense dependents’ schools’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2243 and in-serting the following new item: 
‘‘2243. Authority to use appropriated funds to 
support student meal programs in overseas defense dependents’ schools.’’. 
SEC. 574. FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS FOR IM-
MEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AS-SIGNED TO SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT  
PROGRAMS .—Section 554(f) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1785 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Subsection (g) of section 554 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1785 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, and each March 1 thereafter though the conclusion of the pilot programs conducted under subsection (a), the Commander, in coordi-nation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report de-scribing the progress made in achieving the goals of the pilot programs. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—Each report 
under this subsection shall include the following for each pilot program: 
‘‘(A) A description of the pilot program to ad-
dress family support requirements not being pro-vided by the Secretary of a military department to immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
‘‘(B) An assessment of the impact of the pilot 
program on the readiness of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
‘‘(C) A comparison of the pilot program to 
other programs conducted by the Secretaries of the military departments to provide family sup-port to immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces. 
‘‘(D) Recommendations for incorporating the 
lessons learned from the pilot program into fam-ily support programs conducted by the Secre-taries of the military departments. 
‘‘(E) Any other matters considered appro-
priate by the Commander or the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readi-ness.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6369 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
SEC. 581. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE 
DISTINGUISHED-SERVICE CROSS FOR ACTS OF EXTRAORDINARY HER-OISM DURING THE KOREAN WAR. 
Notwithstanding the time limitations specified 
in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Distinguished-Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to Edward Halcomb who, while serving in Korea as a mem-ber of the United States Army in the grade of Private First Class in Company B, 1st Battalion, 29th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division, distinguished himself by acts of extraordinary heroism from August 20, 1950, to October 19, 1950, during the Korean War. 
Subtitle H—Miscellaneous Reports and Other 
Matters 
SEC. 591. COORDINATION WITH NON-GOVERN-
MENT SUICIDE PREVENTION ORGA-NIZATIONS AND AGENCIES TO AS-SIST IN REDUCING SUICIDES BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF POLICY .—The Secretary 
of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, may develop a pol-icy to coordinate the efforts of the Department of Defense and non-government suicide preven-tion organizations regarding— 
(1) the use of such non-government organiza-
tions to reduce the number of suicides among members of the Armed Forces by comprehen-sively addressing the needs of members of the Armed Forces who have been identified as being at risk of suicide; 
(2) the delineation of the responsibilities with-
in the Department of Defense regarding inter-action with such organizations; 
(3) the collection of data regarding the effi-
cacy and cost of coordinating with such organi-zations; and 
(4) the preparation and preservation of any 
reporting material the Secretary determines nec-essary to carry out the policy. 
(b) S
UICIDE PREVENTION EFFORTS .—The Sec-
retary of Defense is authorized to take any nec-essary measures to prevent suicides by members of the Armed Forces, including by facilitating the access of members of the Armed Forces to successful non-governmental treatment regimen. 
SEC. 592. EXTENSION OF SEMIANNUAL REPORTS 
ON THE INVOLUNTARY SEPARATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 525(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1724) is amended by striking ‘‘calendar years 2013 and 2014’’ and ‘‘each of calendar years 2013 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 593. REPORT ON PRELIMINARY MENTAL 
HEALTH SCREENINGS FOR INDIVID-UALS BECOMING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT ON RECOMMENDATIONS IN CONNEC -
TION WITHSCREENINGS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility of conducting, before the enlistment or accession of an individual into the Armed Forces, a mental health screening of the indi-vidual to bring mental health screenings to par-ity with physical screenings of prospective mem-bers. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) Recommendations with respect to estab-
lishing a secure, electronically-based prelimi-nary mental health screening of new members of the Armed Forces. 
(2) Recommendations with respect to the com-
position of the mental health screening, evi-denced-based best practices, and how to track changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain injuries, post-traumatic stress 
disorder, and other conditions. 
SEC. 594. REPORT REGARDING NEW RULEMAKING 
UNDER THE MILITARY LENDING ACT AND DEFENSE MANPOWER DATA CENTER REPORTS AND MEETINGS. 
(a) R EPORT ON NEWMILITARY LENDING ACT 
RULEMAKING .—Not later than 60 days after the 
issuance by the Secretary of Defense of the reg-ulation issued with regard to section 987 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the Military Lending Act), and part of 232 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations (its imple-menting regulation), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that discusses— 
(1) the ability and reliability of the Defense 
Manpower Data Center in meeting real-time re-quests for accurate information needed to make a determination regarding whether a borrower is covered by the Military Lending Act; or 
(2) an alternate mechanism or mechanisms for 
identifying such covered borrowers. 
(b) D
EFENSE MANPOWER DATA CENTER RE-
PORTS AND MEETINGS .— 
(1) R EPORTS ON ACCURACY , RELIABILITY , AND 
INTEGRITY OF SYSTEMS .—The Director of the De-
fense Manpower Data Center shall submit to the congressional defense committees reports on the accuracy, reliability, and integrity of the De-fense Manpower Data Center systems used to identify covered borrowers and covered policy-holders under military consumer protection laws. The first report is due six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and the Direc-tor shall submit additional reports every six months thereafter through December 31, 2020, to show improvements in the accuracy, reliability, and integrity of such systems. 
(2) R
EPORT ON PLAN TO STRENGTHEN CAPABILI -
TIES.—Not later than six months after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Manpower Data Center shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on plans to strengthen the capabilities of the De-fense Manpower Data Center systems, including staffing levels and funding, in order to improve the identification of covered borrowers and cov-ered policyholders under military consumer pro-tection laws. 
(3) M
EETINGS WITH PRIVATE SECTOR USERS OF  
SYSTEMS .—The Director of the Defense Man-
power Data Center shall meet regularly with private sector users of Defense Manpower Data Center systems used to identify covered bor-rowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws to learn about issues facing such users and to develop ways of ad-dressing such issues. The first meeting pursuant to this requirement shall take place with three months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 595. REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT CAREER 
FIELD MANNING SHORTFALLS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for operation and maintenance for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the con-gressional defense committees the report de-scribed in subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on remotely piloted aircraft career field manning levels and actions the Air Force will take to rectify per-sonnel shortfalls. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A description of current and projected 
manning requirements and inventory levels for remotely piloted aircraft systems. (B) A description of rated and non-rated offi-
cer and enlisted manning policies for authoriza-tion and inventory levels in effect for remotely piloted aircraft systems and units, to include whether remotely piloted aircraft duty is consid-ered as a permanent Air Force Specialty Code or treated as an ancillary single assignment duty, and if both are used, the division of authoriza-tions between permanently assigned personnel and those who will return to a different primary career field. 
(C) Comparisons to other Air Force manned 
combat aircraft systems and units with respect to personnel policies, manpower authorization levels, and projected personnel inventory. 
(D) Identification and assessment of mitiga-
tion actions to increase unit manning levels, in-cluding recruitment and retention bonuses, in-centive pay, use of enlisted personnel, and in-creased weighting to remotely piloted aircraft personnel on promotion boards, and to ensure the school house for remotely piloted aircraft personnel is sufficient to meet increased man-ning demands. 
(E) Analysis demonstrating the requirements 
determination for how remotely piloted aircraft pilot and sensor operators are selected, includ-ing whether individuals are prior rated or non- rated qualified, what prerequisite training or ex-perience is necessary, and required and types of basic and advanced qualification training for each mission design series of remotely piloted aircraft in the Air Force inventory. 
(F) Recommendations for changes to existing 
legislation required to implement mitigation ac-tions. 
(G) An assessment of the authorization levels 
of government civilian and contractor support required for sufficiency of remotely piloted air-craft career field manning. 
(H) A description and associated timeline of 
actions the Air Force will take to increase re-motely piloted aircraft career field manpower authorizations and manning levels to at least the equal of the normative levels of manning and readiness of all other combat aircraft career fields. 
(I) A description of any other matters con-
cerning remotely piloted aircraft career field manning levels the Secretary of the Air Force determines to be appropriate. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified executive summary and may contain an unclassified annex. 
(4) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notification previously submitted to Congress by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under this sub-section in lieu of including such information in the report. 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
Sec. 601. No fiscal year 2016 increase in military 
basic pay for general and flag of-ficers. 
Sec. 602. Limitation on eligibility for supple-
mental subsistence allowances to members serving outside the United States and associated ter-ritory. 
Sec. 603. Phased-in modification of percentage 
of national average monthly cost of housing usable in computation of basic allowance for housing in-side the United States. 
Sec. 604. Extension of authority to provide tem-
porary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under cer-tain circumstances. 
Sec. 605. Availability of information under the 
Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6370 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive 
Pays 
Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for re-serve forces. 
Sec. 612. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for health care professionals. 
Sec. 613. One-year extension of special pay and 
bonus authorities for nuclear offi-cers. 
Sec. 614. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to title 37 consolidated spe-cial pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. 
Sec. 615. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. 
Sec. 616. Increase in maximum annual amount 
of nuclear officer bonus pay. 
Sec. 617. Modification to special aviation incen-
tive pay and bonus authorities for officers. 
Sec. 618. Repeal of obsolete authority to pay 
bonus to encourage Army per-sonnel to refer persons for enlist-ment in the Army. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
Sec. 621. Transportation to transfer ceremonies 
for family and next of kin of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who die overseas during humanitarian op-erations. 
Sec. 622. Repeal of obsolete special travel and 
transportation allowance for sur-vivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces from the Vietnam conflict. 
Sec. 623. Study and report on policy changes to 
the Joint Travel Regulations. 
Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
P
ARTI—R ETIRED PAYREFORM  
Sec. 631. Modernized retirement system for 
members of the uniformed serv-ices. 
Sec. 632. Full participation for members of the 
uniformed services in the Thrift Savings Plan. 
Sec. 633. Lump sum payments of certain retired 
pay. 
Sec. 634. Continuation pay for full TSP mem-
bers with 12 years of service. 
Sec. 635. Effective date and implementation. 
P
ARTII—O THER MATTERS  
Sec. 641. Death of former spouse beneficiaries 
and subsequent remarriages under the Survivor Benefit Plan. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non-Appropriated 
Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
Sec. 651. Plan to obtain budget-neutrality for 
the defense commissary system and the military exchange system. 
Sec. 652. Comptroller General of the United 
States report on the Commissary Surcharge, Non-appropriated Fund, and Privately-Financed Major Construction Program. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Sec. 661. Improvement of financial literacy and 
preparedness of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 662. Recordation of obligations for install-
ment payments of incentive pays, allowances, and similar benefits when payment is due. 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601. NO FISCAL YEAR 2016 INCREASE IN 
MILITARY BASIC PAY FOR GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS. 
Section 203(a)(2) of title 37, United States 
Code, shall be applied for rates of basic pay payable for commissioned officers in pay grades O–7 through O–10 during calendar year 2016 by 
using the rate of pay for level II of the Execu-tive Schedule in effect during 2014. The rates of basic pay payable for such officers shall not in-crease during calendar year 2016. 
SEC. 602. LIMITATION ON ELIGIBILITY FOR SUP-
PLEMENTAL SUBSISTENCE ALLOW-ANCES TO MEMBERS SERVING OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES AND AS-SOCIATED TERRITORY. 
Section 402a(b) of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and para-
graph (4)’’ after ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) After September 30, 2016, a member is eli-
gible for a supplemental subsistence allowance under this section only if the member is serving outside the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or Guam.’’. 
SEC. 603. PHASED-IN MODIFICATION OF PER-
CENTAGE OF NATIONAL AVERAGE MONTHLY COST OF HOUSING USA-BLE IN COMPUTATION OF BASIC AL-LOWANCE FOR HOUSING INSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 403(b)(3)(B) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may not exceed one percent.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘may not exceed the following: 
‘‘(i) One percent for months occurring during 
2015. 
‘‘(ii) Two percent for months occurring during 
2016. 
‘‘(iii) Three percent for months occurring dur-
ing 2017. 
‘‘(iv) Four percent for months occurring dur-
ing 2018. 
‘‘(v) Five percent for months occurring after 
2018.’’. 
SEC. 604. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE 
TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 605. AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION UNDER 
THE FOOD AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2008. 
In administering the supplemental nutrition 
assistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure that any safeguards that prevent the use or disclo-sure of information obtained from applicant households shall not prevent the use of that in-formation by, or the disclosure of that informa-tion to, the Secretary of Defense for purposes of determining the number of applicant households that contain one or more members of a regular component or reserve component of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and 
Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR RESERVE FORCES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 308b(g), relating to Selected Re-
serve reenlistment bonus. 
(2) Section 308c(i), relating to Selected Reserve 
affiliation or enlistment bonus. 
(3) Section 308d(c), relating to special pay for 
enlisted members assigned to certain high-pri-ority units. 
(4) Section 308g(f)(2), relating to Ready Re-
serve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service. 
(5) Section 308h(e), relating to Ready Reserve 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
(6) Section 308i(f), relating to Selected Reserve 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. (7) Section 478a(e), relating to reimbursement 
of travel expenses for inactive-duty training outside of normal commuting distance. 
(8) Section 910(g), relating to income replace-
ment payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service. 
SEC. 612. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) T ITLE10 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-
tions of title 10, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse offi-
cer candidate accession program. 
(2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of 
education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. 
(b) T
ITLE37 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-
tions of title 37, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 302c-1(f), relating to accession and 
retention bonuses for psychologists. 
(2) Section 302d(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for registered nurses. 
(3) Section 302e(a)(1), relating to incentive 
special pay for nurse anesthetists. 
(4) Section 302g(e), relating to special pay for 
Selected Reserve health professionals in criti-cally short wartime specialties. 
(5) Section 302h(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for dental officers. 
(6) Section 302j(a), relating to accession bonus 
for pharmacy officers. 
(7) Section 302k(f), relating to accession bonus 
for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
(8) Section 302l(g), relating to accession bonus 
for dental specialist officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
SEC. 613. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF SPECIAL PAY 
AND BONUS AUTHORITIES FOR NU-CLEAR OFFICERS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 312(f), relating to special pay for 
nuclear-qualified officers extending period of active service. 
(2) Section 312b(c), relating to nuclear career 
accession bonus. 
(3) Section 312c(d), relating to nuclear career 
annual incentive bonus. 
SEC. 614. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLI-DATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus 
authority for enlisted members. 
(2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus 
authority for officers. 
(3) Section 333(i), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for nuclear offi-cers. 
(4) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation 
incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. 
(5) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. 
(6) Section 336(g), relating to contracting 
bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(7) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty 
pay. 
(8) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay 
or special duty pay. 
(9) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive 
pay or proficiency bonus. 
(10) Section 355(h), relating to retention incen-
tives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6371 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 615. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL PAYS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 301b(a), relating to aviation officer 
retention bonus. 
(2) Section 307a(g), relating to assignment in-
centive pay. 
(3) Section 308(g), relating to reenlistment 
bonus for active members. 
(4) Section 309(e), relating to enlistment 
bonus. 
(5) Section 316a(g), relating to incentive pay 
for members of precommissioning programs pur-suing foreign language proficiency. 
(6) Section 324(g), relating to accession bonus 
for new officers in critical skills. 
(7) Section 326(g), relating to incentive bonus 
for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage. 
(8) Section 327(h), relating to incentive bonus 
for transfer between Armed Forces. 
(9) Section 330(f), relating to accession bonus 
for officer candidates. 
SEC. 616. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM ANNUAL 
AMOUNT OF NUCLEAR OFFICER BONUS PAY. 
Section 333(d)(1)(A) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$50,000’’. 
SEC. 617. MODIFICATION TO SPECIAL AVIATION 
INCENTIVE PAY AND BONUS AU-THORITIES FOR OFFICERS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF SECRETARIAL AUTHOR -
ITYTOSETREQUIREMENTS FOR AVIATION INCEN-
TIVEPAYELIGIBILITY .—Subsection (a) of section 
334 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), 
(4), and (5) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively, and moving the margin of such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
NCENTIVE PAY AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) O FFICERS NOT CURRENTLY ENGAGED IN  
FLYING DUTY .—The Secretary concerned may 
pay aviation incentive pay under this section to an officer who is otherwise qualified for such pay but who is not currently engaged in the performance of operational flying duty or pro-ficiency flying duty if the Secretary determines, under regulations prescribed under section 374 of this title, that payment of aviation incentive pay to that officer is in the best interests of the service.’’. 
(b) R
ESTORATION OF AUTHORITY TOPAYAVIA-
TION INCENTIVE PAY TO MEDICAL OFFICERS PER-
FORMING FLIGHT SURGEON DUTIES .—Subsection 
(h)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘(except a flight surgeon or other medical offi-cer)’’. 
(c) I
NCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF AVIA-
TION SPECIAL PAYS FOR FLYING DUTY OF RE-
MOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT .—Subsection (c)(1) 
of such section is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘exceed 
$850 per month; and’’ and inserting ‘‘exceed— 
‘‘(i) $1,000 per month for officers performing 
qualifying flying duty relating to remotely pi-loted aircraft (RPA); or 
‘‘(ii) $850 per month for officers performing 
other qualifying flying duty; and’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ 
and all that follows and inserting ‘‘, for each 12- month period of obligated service agreed to under subsection (d)— 
‘‘(i) $35,000 for officers performing qualifying 
flying duty relating to remotely piloted aircraft; or 
‘‘(ii) $25,000 for officers performing other 
qualifying flying duty.’’. (d) A
UTHORITY TOPAYAVIATION BONUS AND  
SKILL INCENTIVE PAY TO OFFICERS SIMULTA -
NEOUSLY .—Subsection (f) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘353’’ and in-
serting ‘‘353(a)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘a payment’’ and inserting ‘‘a 
bonus payment’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘353’’ and inserting ‘‘353(b)’’. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report setting forth the empirical case for an increase in spe-cial and incentive pay for aviation officers in order to address a specific, statistically-based re-tention problem with respect to such officers. The report shall include the results of a study, conducted by the Secretary in connection with the case, on a market-based compensation ap-proach to the retention of such officers that considers the pay and allowances offered by commercial airlines to pilots and the propensity of pilots to leave the Air Force to become com-mercial airline pilots. 
SEC. 618. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY TO 
PAY BONUS TO ENCOURAGE ARMY PERSONNEL TO REFER PERSONS FOR ENLISTMENT IN THE ARMY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 3252 of title 10, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 333 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3252. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
SEC. 621. TRANSPORTATION TO TRANSFER CERE-
MONIES FOR FAMILY AND NEXT OF KIN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE OVERSEAS DUR-ING HUMANITARIAN OPERATIONS. 
Section 481f(e)(1) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including dur-ing a humanitarian relief operation)’’ after ‘‘lo-cated or serving overseas’’. 
SEC. 622. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE SPECIAL TRAVEL 
AND TRANSPORTATION ALLOWANCE FOR SURVIVORS OF DECEASED MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FROM THE VIETNAM CONFLICT. 
(a) R EPEAL AND REDESIGNATION .—Section 481f 
of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), 
and (h) as subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g), re-spectively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO CROSS REF-
ERENCE .—Section 2493(a)(4)(B)(ii) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 481f(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 481f(d)’’. 
SEC. 623. STUDY AND REPORT ON POLICY 
CHANGES TO THE JOINT TRAVEL REGULATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study on the im-pact of the policy changes to the Joint Travel Regulations for the Uniformed Service Members and Department of Defense Civilian Employees related to flat rate per diem for long term tem-porary duty travel that took effect on November 1, 2014. The study shall assess the following: 
(1) The impact of such changes on shipyard 
workers who travel on long-term temporary duty assignments. 
(2) Whether such changes have discouraged 
employees of the Department of Defense, includ-ing civilian employees at shipyards and depots, from volunteering for important temporary duty travel assignments. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the study required by subsection (a). Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
PART I—RETIRED PAY REFORM 
SEC. 631. MODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) R EGULAR SERVICE .—Section 1409(b) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) R EDUCED MULTIPLIER FOR FULL TSP MEM -
BERS.—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1), (2), 
and (3), in the case of a member who first be-comes a member of the uniformed services on or after January 1, 2018, or a member who makes the election described in subparagraph (B) (re-ferred to as a ‘full TSP member’)— 
‘‘(i) paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied by sub-
stituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’; 
‘‘(ii) clause (i) of paragraph (3)(B) shall be 
applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 per-cent’; and 
‘‘(iii) clause (ii)(I) of such paragraph shall be 
applied by substituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’. 
‘‘(B) E LECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MODERN -
IZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Pursuant to sub-
paragraph (C), a member of a uniformed service serving on December 31, 2017, who has served in the uniformed services for fewer than 12 years as of December 31, 2017, may elect, in exchange for the reduced multipliers described in subpara-graph (A) for purposes of calculating the retired pay of the member, to receive Thrift Savings Plan contributions pursuant to section 8440e(e) of title 5. 
‘‘(C) E
LECTION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clauses (ii) and (iii), a member of a uniformed service described in subparagraph (B) may make the election authorized by that subparagraph only during the period that begins on January 1, 2018, and ends on December 31, 2018. 
‘‘(ii) H
ARDSHIP EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
concerned may extend the election period de-scribed in clause (i) for a member who experi-ences a hardship as determined by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF BREAK IN SERVICE .—A mem-
ber of a uniformed service who returns to service after a break in service that occurs during the election period specified in clause (i) shall make the election described in subparagraph (B) with-in 30 days after the date of the reentry into service of the member. 
‘‘(D) N
O RETROACTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS PURSU -
ANT TO ELECTION .—Thrift Savings Plan con-
tributions may not be made for a member mak-ing an election pursuant to subparagraph (B) for any period beginning before the date of the member’s election under that subparagraph by reason of the member’s election. 
‘‘(E) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary concerned 
shall prescribe regulations to implement this paragraph.’’. 
(b) N
ON-REGULAR SERVICE .—Section 12739 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) R EDUCED MULTIPLIER FOR FULL TSP MEM -
BERS.—Notwithstanding subsection (a) or (c), in 
the case of a person who first performs reserve component service on or after January 1, 2018, after not having performed regular or reserve component service on or before that date, or a person who makes the election described in paragraph (2) (referred to as a ‘full TSP mem-ber’)— 
‘‘(A) subsection (a)(2) shall be applied by sub-
stituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2percent’; 
‘‘(B) subparagraph (A) of subsection (c)(2) 
shall be applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
‘‘(C) subparagraph (B)(ii) of such subsection 
shall be applied by substituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2percent’. 
‘‘(2) E LECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MODERNIZED  
RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6372 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Pursuant to subparagraph 
(B), a person performing reserve component service on December 31, 2017, who has performed fewer than 12 years of service as of December 31, 2017 (as computed in accordance with section 12733 of this title), may elect, in exchange for the reduced multipliers described in paragraph (1) for purposes of calculating the retired pay of the person, to receive Thrift Savings Plan con-tributions pursuant to section 8440e(e) of title 5. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clauses (ii) and (iii), a person described in sub-paragraph (A) may make the election described in that subparagraph during the period that be-gins on January 1, 2018, and ends on December 31, 2018. 
‘‘(ii) H
ARDSHIP EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
concerned may extend the election period de-scribed in clause (i) for a person who experi-ences a hardship as determined by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(iii) P
ERSONS EXPERIENCING BREAK IN SERV -
ICE.—A person returning to reserve component 
service after a break in reserve component serv-ice in which falls the election period specified in clause (i) shall make the election described in subparagraph (A) on the date of the reentry into service of the person. 
‘‘(C) N
O RETROACTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS PURSU -
ANT TO ELECTION .—Thrift Savings Plan con-
tributions may not be made for a person making an election pursuant to subparagraph (A) for any pay period beginning before the date of the person’s election under that subparagraph by reason of the person’s election. 
‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary concerned 
shall prescribe regulations to implement this subsection.’’. 
(c) C
OORDINATING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER RE-
TIREMENT AUTHORITIES .— 
(1) D ISABILITY , WARRANT OFFICERS , AND 
DOPMA RETIRED PAY .— 
(A) C OMPUTATION OF RETIRED PAY .—The table 
in section 1401(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 1, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of service 
credited to him under section 1208’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 2, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of service 
credited to him under section 1208’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(iii) in column 2 of each of formula number 4 
and formula number 5, by striking ‘‘section 1409(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1409’’. 
(B) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING MODERNIZED  
RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Section 1401a(b) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(ii) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) A DJUSTMENTS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN MOD -
ERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Notwithstanding 
paragraph (3), if a member or former member participates in the modernized retirement system by reason of section 1409(b)(4) of this title (in-cluding pursuant to an election under subpara-graph (B) of that section), the Secretary shall increase the retired pay of such member in ac-cordance with paragraph (2).’’. 
(2) 15-
YEAR CAREER STATUS BONUS .—Section 
354 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking ‘‘If a’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) If a’’; 
and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) If a person who is paid a bonus under 
this section subsequently makes an election de-scribed in section 1409(b)(4)(B) of title 10, the person shall repay any bonus payments received under this section in the same manner as repay-ments are made under section 373 of this title.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) S
UNSET AND CONTINUATION OF PAY-
MENTS .—(1) A Secretary concerned may not pay 
a new bonus under this section after December 31, 2017. 
‘‘(2) Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Secretary 
concerned may continue to make payments for bonuses that were awarded under this section on or before the date specified in paragraph (1).’’. 
(3) A
PPLICATION TO NATIONAL OCEANIC AND  
ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION COMMISSIONED  
CORPS .—Paragraph (2) of section 245(a) of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3045(a)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the retired pay multiplier determined 
under section 1409 of such title for the number of years of service that may be credited to the officer under section 1405 of such title as if the officer’s service were service as a member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
(4) A
PPLICATION TO PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE .— 
Section 211(a)(4) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 212(a)(4)) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘at the rate of 2 
1⁄2per centum of the 
basic pay of the highest grade held by him as such officer’’ and inserting ‘‘calculated by mul-tiplying the retired pay base determined under section 1406 of title 10, United States Code, by the retired pay multiplier determined under sec-tion 1409 of such title for the numbers of years of service credited to the officer under this para-graph’’; and 
(B) in the matter following subparagraph 
(B)(iii)— 
(i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘such 
pay, and’’ and inserting ‘‘such pay,’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘such 
basic pay.’’ and inserting ‘‘such basic pay, and (E) in the case of any officer who participates in the modernized retirement system by reason of section 1409(b) of title 10, United States Code (including pursuant to an election under sub-paragraph (B) of that section), subparagraph (C) shall be applied by substituting ‘40 per cen-tum’ for ‘50 per centum’ each place the term ap-pears.’’. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF REDUCED COST-OF-LIVING AD-
JUSTMENTS FOR MEMBERS UNDER THE AGE OF  
62.—The following amendments shall not take effect: 
(1) The amendments to be made by section 403 
of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1186), as amended by sec-tion 10001(a) of the Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (division C of Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 151), section 2 of Public Law 113–82 (128 Stat. 1009), and section 623 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3403). 
(2) The amendments to be made by section 
10001(b) of the Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2014. 
SEC. 632. FULL PARTICIPATION FOR MEMBERS OF 
THE UNIFORMED SERVICES IN THE THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN. 
(a) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—Section 8440e(a) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the fol-lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) the term ‘basic pay’ means basic pay pay-
able under section 204 of title 37; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘full TSP member’ means a mem-
ber described in subsection (e)(1); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘member’ has the meaning given 
the term in section 211 of title 37; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary concerned’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 101 of title 37.’’. 
(2) TSP 
CONTRIBUTIONS .—Subsection (e) of 
section 8440e of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) TSP CONTRIBUTIONS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Secretary con-cerned shall make contributions to the Thrift Savings Fund, in accordance with section 8432 (except to the extent the requirements under such section are modified by this subsection), for the benefit of a member— 
‘‘(A) who first enters a uniformed service on 
or after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) first entered a uniformed service before 
January 1, 2018; 
‘‘(ii) has completed fewer than 12 years of 
service in the uniformed services as of December 31, 2017; and 
‘‘(iii) makes the election described in section 
1409(b)(4)(B) or 12729(f)(2) of title 10 to receive Thrift Savings Plan contributions under this subsection in exchange for the reduced multi-pliers described in section 1409(b)(4)(A) or 12739(f)(1) of title 10, as applicable, for purposes of calculating the retired pay of the member. 
‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The amount con-
tributed under this subsection by the Secretary concerned for the benefit of a full TSP member for any pay period shall not be more than 5 per-cent of the member’s basic pay for such pay pe-riod. Any such contribution under this sub-section, though in accordance with section 8432 as provided in paragraph (1), is instead of, and not in addition to, amounts contributable under section 8432 as provided in section 8432(c). 
‘‘(3) T
IMING AND DURATION OF CONTRIBU -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTOMATIC CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall make a contribution de-scribed in section 8432(c)(1) under this sub-section for the benefit of a member described in paragraph (1) for any pay period during the pe-riod that— 
‘‘(i) begins— ‘‘(I) on or after the day that is 60 days afer 
the date the member first enters a uniformed service, in the case of a member described in paragraph (1)(A); or 
‘‘(II) on or after the date the member makes 
the election described in paragraph (1)(B), in the case of a member making such an election; and 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member completes 
26 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall make a contribution de-scribed in section 8432(c)(2) under this sub-section for the benefit of a member described in paragraph (1) for any pay period during the pe-riod that— 
‘‘(i) begins— 
‘‘(I) on or after the day that is 2 years and 1 
day after the date the member first enters a uni-formed service, in the case of a member described in paragraph (1)(A); or 
‘‘(II) on or after the date the member makes 
the election described in paragraph (1)(B), in the case of a member making such an election; and 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member completes 
26 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(4) P
ROTECTIONS FOR SPOUSES AND FORMER  
SPOUSES .—Section 8435 shall apply to a full TSP 
member in the same manner as such section is applied to an employee or Member under such section.’’. 
(b) A
UTOMATIC ENROLLMENT IN THRIFT SAV-
INGS PLAN.—Section 8432(b)(2) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘Mem-
bers’’ and inserting ‘‘(ii) Except in the case of a full TSP member (as defined in section 8440e(a)), members’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking 
‘‘8440e(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘8440e(b)(1)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this paragraph, if a full TSP member (as defined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6373 September 29, 2015 
in section 8440e(a)) has declined automatic en-
rollment into the Thrift Savings Plan for a year, the full TSP member shall be automatically re-enrolled on January 1 of the succeeding year, with contributions under subsection (a) at the default percentage of basic pay.’’. 
(c) V
ESTING .— 
(1) T WO-YEARS OF SERVICE .—Section 8432(g)(2) 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) 2 years of service in the case of a member 
of the uniformed services.’’. 
(2) S
EPARATION .—Section 8432(g) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) For purposes of this subsection, a member 
of the uniformed services shall be considered to have separated from Government employment if the member is discharged or released from serv-ice in the uniformed services.’’. 
(d) T
HRIFT SAVINGS PLANDEFAULT INVEST -
MENT FUND.—Section 8438(c)(2) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) Con-
sistent with the requirements of subparagraph (B), if an’’ and inserting ‘‘If an’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B). (e) R
EPEAL OF SEPARATE CONTRIBUTION  
AGREEMENT AUTHORITY .— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 211 of title 37, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
8432b(c)(2)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(including pursuant to an agreement under section 211(d) of title 37)’’. 
SEC. 633. LUMP SUM PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN RE-
TIRED PAY. 
(a) L UMPSUMPAYMENTS OF CERTAIN RETIRED  
PAY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1415. Lump sum payment of certain retired 
pay 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED RETIRED PAY .—The term ‘cov-
ered retired pay’ means retired pay under— 
‘‘(A) this title; ‘‘(B) title 14; ‘‘(C) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); or 
‘‘(D) the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
201 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PERSON .—The term ‘eligible per-
son’ means a person who— 
‘‘(A)(i) first becomes a member of a uniformed 
service on or after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(ii) makes the election described in section 
1409(b)(4)(B) or 12739(f)(2) of this title; and 
‘‘(B) does not retire or separate under chapter 
61 of this title. 
‘‘(3) R ETIREMENT AGE .—The term ‘retirement 
age’ has the meaning given the term in section 216(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 416(l)). 
‘‘(b) E
LECTION OF LUMP SUMPAYMENT OF  
CERTAIN RETIRED PAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible person entitled 
to covered retired pay (including an eligible per-son who is entitled to such pay by reason of an election described in subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii)) may elect to receive— 
‘‘(A) a lump sum payment of the discounted 
present value at the time of the election of an amount of the covered retired pay that the eligi-ble person is otherwise entitled to receive for the period beginning on the date of retirement and ending on the date the eligible person attains the eligible person’s retirement age equal to— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of the amount of such covered 
retired pay during such period; or 
‘‘(ii) 25 percent of the amount of such covered 
retired pay during such period; and 
‘‘(B) a monthly amount during the period de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) equal to— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an eligible person electing 
to receive an amount described in subparagraph (A)(i), 50 percent of the amount of monthly cov-ered retired pay the eligible person is otherwise entitled to receive during such period; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible person electing 
to receive an amount described in subparagraph (A)(ii), 75 percent of the amount of monthly cov-ered retired pay the eligible person is otherwise entitled to receive during such period 
‘‘(2) D
ISCOUNTED PRESENT VALUE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall compute the discounted present value of amounts of covered retired pay that an eligible person is otherwise entitled to receive for a period for purposes of paragraph (1)(A) by— 
‘‘(A) estimating the aggregate amount of re-
tired pay the person would receive for the pe-riod, taking into account cost-of-living adjust-ments under section 1401a of this title projected by the Secretary at the time the person sepa-rates from service and would otherwise begin re-ceiving covered retired pay; and 
‘‘(B) reducing the aggregate amount estimated 
pursuant to subparagraph (A) by an appro-priate percentage determined by the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) using average personal discount rates (as 
defined and calculated by the Secretary taking into consideration applicable and reputable studies of personal discount rates for military personnel and past actuarial experience in the calculation of personal discount rates under this paragraph); and 
‘‘(ii) in accordance with generally accepted 
actuarial principles and practices. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING OF ELECTION .—An eligible person 
shall make the election under this subsection not later than 90 days before the date of the re-tirement of the eligible person from the uni-formed services. 
‘‘(4) S
INGLE PAYMENT OR COMBINATION OF  
PAYMENTS .—An eligible person may elect to re-
ceive a lump sum payment under this subsection in a single payment or in a combination of pay-ments. 
‘‘(5) C
OMMENCEMENT OF PAYMENT .—An eligi-
ble person who makes an election under this subsection shall receive the lump sum payment, or the first installment of a combination of pay-ments of the lump sum payment if elected under paragraph (4), as follows: 
‘‘(A) Not later than 60 days after the date of 
the retirement of the eligible person from the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) In the case of an eligible person who is 
a member of a reserve component, not later than 60 days after the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) the date on which the eligible person at-
tains 60 years of age; or 
‘‘(ii) the date on which the eligible person first 
becomes entitled to covered retired pay. 
‘‘(6) N
O SUBSEQUENT ADJUSTMENT .—An eligible 
person who accepts payment of a lump sum under this subsection may not seek the review of or otherwise challenge the amount of the lump sum in light of any variation in cost-of-living adjustments under section 1401a of this title, ac-tuarial assumptions, or other factors used by the Secretary in calculating the amount of the lump sum that occur after the Secretary pays the lump sum. 
‘‘(c) R
ESUMPTION OF MONTHLY ANNUITY .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL RULE .—Subject to paragraph 
(2), an eligible person who makes an election de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) shall be entitled to receive the eligible person’s monthly covered re-tired pay calculated in accordance with para-graph (2) after the eligible person attains the el-igible person’s retirement age. 
‘‘(2) R
ESTORATION OF FULL RETIREMENT  
AMOUNT AT RETIREMENT AGE .—The retired pay 
of an eligible person who makes an election de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be recomputed, ef-
fective on the first day of the first month begin-ning after the person attains the eligible per-son’s retirement age, so as to be an amount equal to the amount of covered retired pay to which the eligible person would otherwise be en-titled on that date if the annual increases, in the retired pay of the eligible person made to re-flect changes in the Consumer Price Index, had been made in accordance with section 1401a of this title. 
‘‘(d) P
AYMENT OF RETIRED PAY TO PERSONS  
NOTMAKING ELECTION .—An eligible person who 
does not make the election described in sub-section (b)(1) shall be paid the retired pay to which the eligible person is otherwise entitled under the applicable provisions of law referred to in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense 
concerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1415. Lump sum payment of certain retired 
pay.’’. 
(3) P
AYMENTS FROM DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
MILITARY RETIREMENT FUND .—Section 1463(a)(1) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 1414’’ and inserting ‘‘, 1414, or 1415’’. 
(b) O
FFSET OF VETERANS PENSION AND COM-
PENSATION BY AMOUNT OF LUMP SUMPAY-
MENTS .—Section 5304 of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d)(1) Other than amounts payable under 
section 1413a or 1414 of title 10, the amount of pension and compensation benefits payable to a person under this title shall be reduced by the amount of any lump sum payment made to such person under section 1415 of title 10. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall collect any reduction 
under paragraph (1) from amounts otherwise payable to the person under this title, including pension and compensation payable under this title, before any pension and compensation pay-ments under this title may be paid to the per-son.’’. 
SEC. 634. CONTINUATION PAY FOR FULL TSP 
MEMBERS WITH 12 YEARS OF SERV-ICE. 
(a) C ONTINUATION PAY.—Subchapter II of 
chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 356. Continuation pay: full TSP members 
with 12 years of service 
‘‘(a) C
ONTINUATION PAY.—The Secretary con-
cerned shall make a payment of continuation pay to each full TSP member (as defined in sec-tion 8440e(a) of title 5) of the uniformed services under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who— 
‘‘(1) completes 12 years of service; and ‘‘(2) enters into an agreement with the Sec-
retary to serve for an additional 4 years of obli-gated service. 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of continuation 
pay payable to a full TSP member under sub-section (a) shall be the amount that is equal to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a member of a regular com-
ponent— 
‘‘(A) the monthly basic pay of the member at 
12 years of service multiplied by 2.5; plus 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the monthly basic pay of the member at 12 years of service multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 13 months) as the Sec-retary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a member of a reserve com-
ponent— 
‘‘(A) the amount of monthly basic pay to 
which the member would be entitled at 12 years of service if the member were a member of a reg-ular component multiplied by 0.5; plus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6374 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the amount of monthly basic pay de-scribed in subparagraph (A) multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 6 months) as the Secretary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL DISCRETIONARY AUTHOR -
ITY.—In addition to the continuation pay re-
quired under subsection (a), the Secretary con-cerned may provide continuation pay under this subsection to a full TSP member described in subsection (a), and subject to the service agree-ment referred to in paragraph (2) of such sub-section, in an amount determined by the Sec-retary concerned. 
‘‘(d) T
IMING OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary 
concerned shall pay continuation pay under subsection (a) to a full TSP member when the member completes 12 years of service. If the Sec-retary concerned also provides continuation pay under subsection (c) to the member, that con-tinuation pay shall be provided when the mem-ber completes 12 years of service. 
‘‘(e) L
UMP SUM OR INSTALLMENTS .—A full 
TSP member may elect to receive continuation pay provided under subsection (a) or (c) in a lump sum or in a series of not more than four payments. 
‘‘(f) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PAY AND ALLOW -
ANCES .—Continuation pay under this section is 
in addition to any other pay or allowance to which the full TSP member is entitled. 
‘‘(g) R
EPAYMENT .—A full TSP member who re-
ceives continuation pay under this section (a) and fails to complete the obligated service re-quired under such subsection shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 373 of this title. 
‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-
cerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘356. Continuation pay: full TSP members with 
12 years of service.’’. 
SEC. 635. EFFECTIVE DATE AND IMPLEMENTA-
TION. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this part shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
(b) I MPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretaries concerned, 
the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, and the Federal Retirement Thrift Invest-ment Board shall each and jointly take appro-priate actions to ensure the full and effective implementation of the amendments made by this part in order to ensure that members of the uni-formed services will be able to participate in the modernized retirement plan provided by this part commencing on the date specified in sub-section (a). 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, the Secretaries concerned shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report containing a plan to ensure the full and effective commencement and oper-ational implementation of the amendments made by this part in accordance with paragraph (1). 
(c) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall contain a draft of such legisla-tion as may be necessary to make any addi-tional technical and conforming changes to ti-tles 10 and 37, United States Code, and other provisions of law that are required or should be made by reason of the amendments made by this part. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 101 of title 37, United States Code. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 641. DEATH OF FORMER SPOUSE BENE-
FICIARIES AND SUBSEQUENT RE-MARRIAGES UNDER THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1448(b) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF DEATH OF FORMER SPOUSE  
BENEFICIARY .— 
‘‘(A) T ERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION IN  
PLAN.—A person who elects to provide an annu-
ity to a former spouse under paragraph (2) or (3) and whose former spouse subsequently dies is no longer a participant in the Plan, effective on the date of death of the former spouse. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY FOR ELECTION OF NEW SPOUSE  
BENEFICIARY .—If a person’s participation in the 
Plan is discontinued by reason of the death of a former spouse beneficiary, the person may elect to resume participation in the Plan and to elect a new spouse beneficiary as follows: 
‘‘(i) M
ARRIED ON THE DATE OF DEATH OF  
FORMER SPOUSE .—A person who is married at 
the time of the death of the former spouse bene-ficiary may elect to provide coverage to that per-son’s spouse. Such an election must be received by the Secretary concerned within one year after the date of death of the former spouse ben-eficiary. 
‘‘(ii) M
ARRIAGE AFTER DEATH OF FORMER  
SPOUSE BENEFICIARY .—A person who is not mar-
ried at the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary and who later marries may elect to provide spouse coverage. Such an elec-tion must be received by the Secretary concerned within one year after the date on which that person marries. 
‘‘(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF ELECTION .—The ef-
fective date of election under this paragraph shall be as follows: 
‘‘(i) An election under subparagraph (B)(i) is 
effective as of the first day of the first calendar month following the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
‘‘(ii) An election under subparagraph (B)(ii) is 
effective as of the first day of the first calendar month following the month in which the elec-tion is received by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(D) L
EVEL OF COVERAGE .—A person making 
an election under subparagraph (B) may not re-duce the base amount previously elected. 
‘‘(E) P
ROCEDURES .—An election under this 
paragraph shall be in writing, signed by the participant, and made in such form and manner as the Secretary concerned may prescribe. 
‘‘(F) I
RREVOCABILITY .—An election under this 
paragraph is irrevocable.’’. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Paragraph (7) of sec-
tion 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with re-spect to any person whose former spouse bene-ficiary dies on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY TO FORMER SPOUSE DEATHS  
BEFORE ENACTMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A person— 
(A) who before the date of the enactment of 
this Act had a former spouse beneficiary under the Survivor Benefit Plan who died before that date; and 
(B) who on the date of the enactment of this 
Act is married, may elect to provide spouse coverage for such spouse under the Plan, regardless of whether the person married such spouse before or after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. Any such election may only be made during the one- 
year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF ELECTION IF MARRIED  
AT LEAST A YEAR AT DEATH FORMER SPOUSE .—If 
the person providing the annuity was married to the spouse beneficiary for at least one year at the time of the death of the former spouse bene-ficiary, the effective date of such election shall be the first day of the first month after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
(3) O
THER EFFECTIVE DATE .—If the person 
providing the annuity married the spouse bene-ficiary after (or during the one-year period pre-ceding) the death of the former spouse bene-ficiary, the effective date of the election shall be the first day of the first month following the first anniversary of the person’s marriage to the spouse beneficiary. 
(4) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR PREMIUMS .—A person 
electing to participate in the Plan under this subsection shall be responsible for payment of all premiums due from the effective date of the election. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non-Appro-
priated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
SEC. 651. PLAN TO OBTAIN BUDGET-NEUTRALITY 
FOR THE DEFENSE COMMISSARY SYSTEM AND THE MILITARY EX-
CHANGE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report set-ting forth a comprehensive plan to achieve by October 1, 2018, budget-neutrality in the deliv-ery of commissary and exchange benefits while meeting the benchmarks set forth in subsection (c). In preparing the report, the Secretary shall consider the report required by section 634 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3406) and any other previous reports, studies, and surveys of matters appropriate to the report. 
(b) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of any modifications to the 
commissary and exchange benefit systems the Secretary considers appropriate to obtain budg-et-neutrality in the delivery of commissary and exchange benefits, including the following: 
(A) The establishment of common business 
processes, practices, and systems to exploit synergies between the operations of defense commissaries and exchanges and to optimize the operations of the resale system and the benefits provided by the commissaries and exchanges. 
(B) The privatization of the defense com-
missary system and the military exchange sys-tem, in whole or in part. 
(C) Engagement of major commercial grocery 
retailers or other private sector entities to deter-mine their willingness to provide eligible bene-ficiaries with discount savings on grocery prod-ucts and certain household goods. 
(D) The closure of commissaries in locations in 
close proximity to other commissaries or in loca-tions where commercial alternatives, through major grocery retailers, may be available. 
(2) An analysis of different pricing constructs 
to improve or enhance the delivery of com-missary and exchange benefits. 
(3) A description of the impact of any modi-
fications described pursuant to paragraph (1) on Morale, Welfare and Recreation (MWR) quality- of-life programs. 
(4) Such recommendations for legislative ac-
tion as the Secretary considers appropriate to achieve by October 1, 2018, budget-neutrality in the delivery of commissary and exchange bene-fits while meeting the benchmarks set forth in subsection (c). 
(c) B
ENCHMARKS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall ensure— 
(1) the maintenance of high levels of customer 
satisfaction in the delivery of commissary and exchange benefits; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6375 September 29, 2015 
(2) the provision of high quality products; and 
(3) the sustainment of discount savings to eli-
gible beneficiaries. 
(d) C OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF  
PLAN.—Not later than 120 days after the sub-
mittal of the report required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller General of the plan to achieve budget-neutrality in the delivery of commissary and exchange benefits while meeting the bench-marks set forth in subsection (c) as set forth in the report required by subsection (a). 
(e) P
ILOT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) P ROGRAMS AUTHORIZED .—After the reports 
required by subsections (a) and (d) have been submitted as described in such subsections, the Secretary may, notwithstanding any require-ment in chapter 147 of title 10, United States Code, conduct one or more pilot programs to evaluate the feasibility and advisability of proc-esses and methods for achieving budget-neu-trality in the delivery of commissary and ex-change benefits and other applicable bench-marks in accordance with this section. The Sec-retary may authorize any commissary or ex-change, or private sector entity, participating in any such pilot program to establish appropriate prices in response to market conditions and cus-tomer demand, provided that the level of savings required by paragraph (3) is maintained. 
(2) B
ENCHMARKS .—If the Secretary conducts a 
pilot program under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall establish specific, measurable benchmarks for measuring success in the provi-sion of high quality grocery goods and products, discount savings to patrons, and high levels of customer satisfaction while achieving budget- neutrality in the delivery of commissary and ex-change benefits under the pilot program. 
(3) R
EQUIRED SAVINGS TO PATRONS .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure that the level of savings to commissary and exchange patrons under any pilot program under this subsection is not less than the level of savings to such patrons before the implementation of such pilot program, as follows: 
(A) Before commencing a pilot program the 
Secretary shall establish a baseline of savings to patrons achieved for each commissary or ex-change to participate in such pilot program by comparing prices charged by such commissary or exchange for a representative market basket of goods to prices charged by local competitors for the same market basket of goods. 
(B) After commencement of such pilot pro-
gram, the Secretary shall ensure that each com-missary or exchange, or private sector entity, participating in such pilot program conducts market-basket price comparisons not less than once a month and adjusts pricing as necessary to ensure that pricing achieves savings to pa-trons under such pilot program that are reason-ably consistent with the baseline savings for the commissary or exchange established pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
(4) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .—The authority 
of the Secretary to carry out a pilot program under this subsection shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. However, if a pilot program achieves budget-neutrality in the delivery of commissary and exchange benefits and other applicable benchmarks, as measured using the benchmarks required by paragraph (2), the Secretary may continue the pilot program for an additional pe-riod of up to five years. 
(5) R
EPORTS .— 
(A) I NITIAL REPORTS .—If the Secretary con-
ducts a pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary shall, not later than 30 days before commencing the pilot program, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, including the following: 
(i) A description of the pilot program. (ii) The provisions, if any, of chapter 147 of 
title 10, United States Code, that will be waived in the conduct of the pilot program. 
(B) F
INAL REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the completion of any pilot pro-gram under this subsection or the date of the commencement of an extension of a pilot pro-gram under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, including the fol-lowing: 
(i) A description and assessment of the pilot 
program. 
(ii) Such recommendations for administrative 
or legislative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program. 
SEC. 652. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON THE COMMISSARY SURCHARGE, NON-AP-PROPRIATED FUND, AND PRIVATELY- FINANCED MAJOR CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the Commissary Surcharge, Non-ap-propriated Fund and Privately-Financed Major Construction Program of the Department of De-fense. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment whether the Secretary of 
Defense has established policies and procedures to ensure the timely submittal to the committees of Congress referred to in subsection (a) of no-tice on construction projects proposed to be funded through the program referred to in that subsection. 
(2) An assessment whether the Secretaries of 
the military departments have developed and implemented policies and procedures to comply with the policies and directives of the Depart-ment of Defense for the submittal to such com-mittees of Congress of notice on such construc-tion projects. 
(3) An assessment whether the Secretary of 
Defense has established policies and procedures to notify such committees of Congress when such construction projects have been commenced without notice to Congress. 
(4) An assessment whether construction 
projects described in paragraph (3) have been completed before submittal of notice to Congress as described in that paragraph and, if so, a list of such projects. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 661. IMPROVEMENT OF FINANCIAL LIT-
ERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON FINANCIAL LIT-
ERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS .—It is 
the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense should strengthen 
arrangements with other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government and nonprofit organizations in order to improve the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces; and 
(2) the Secretaries of the military departments 
and the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces should provide support for the financial literacy and preparedness training carried out under section 992 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsections (b), (c), and (d). 
(b) P
ROVISION OF FINANCIAL LITERACY AND  
PREPAREDNESS TRAINING .—Subsection (a) of sec-
tion 992 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ONSUMER EDUCATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘F INAN-
CIALLITERACY TRAINING ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘education’’ 
in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘financial literacy training’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Training under this subsection shall be 
provided to a member of the armed forces— 
‘‘(A) as a component of the initial entry train-
ing of the member; 
‘‘(B) upon arrival at the first duty station of 
the member; 
‘‘(C) upon arrival at each subsequent duty 
station, in the case of a member in pay grade E– 4 or below or in pay grade O–3 or below; 
‘‘(D) on the date of promotion of the member, 
in the case of a member in pay grade E–5 or below or in pay grade O–4 or below; 
‘‘(E) when the member vests in the Thrift Sav-
ings Plan (TSP) under section 8432(g)(2)(C) of title 5; 
‘‘(F) when the member becomes entitled to re-
ceive continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, at which time the training shall include, at a minimum, information on options available to the member regarding the use of continuation pay; 
‘‘(G) at each major life event during the serv-
ice of the member, such as— 
‘‘(i) marriage; ‘‘(ii) divorce; ‘‘(iii) birth of first child; or ‘‘(iv) disabling sickness or condition; ‘‘(H) during leadership training; ‘‘(I) during pre-deployment training and dur-
ing post-deployment training; 
‘‘(J) at transition points in the service of the 
member, such as— 
‘‘(i) transition from a regular component to a 
reserve component; 
‘‘(ii) separation from service; or ‘‘(iii) retirement; and ‘‘(K) as a component of periodically recurring 
required training that is provided to the member at a military installation.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(J)’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary concerned shall prescribe 
regulations setting forth any other events and circumstances (in addition to the events and cir-cumstances described in paragraph (2)) upon which the training required by this subsection shall be provided.’’. 
(c) S
URVEY OF MEMBERS ’ FINANCIAL LITERACY  
AND PREPAREDNESS .—Such section is further 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) F INANCIAL LITERACY AND PREPAREDNESS  
SURVEY .—(1) The Director of the Defense Man-
power Data Center shall annually include in the status of forces survey a survey of the status of the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The results of the annual financial lit-
eracy and preparedness survey— 
‘‘(A) shall be used by each of the Secretaries 
concerned as a benchmark to evaluate and up-date training provided under this section; and 
‘‘(B) shall be submitted to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
(d) F
INANCIAL SERVICES DEFINED .—Subsection 
(e) of such section, as redesignated by sub-section (c)(1) of this section, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) Health insurance, budget management, 
Thrift Savings Plan (TSP), retirement lump sum payments (including rollover options and tax consequences), and Survivor Benefit Plan (SBP).’’. 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 992. Financial literacy training: financial 
services’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 50 of such title is amended by striking the item related to section 992 and inserting the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6376 September 29, 2015 
‘‘992. Financial literacy training: financial serv-
ices.’’. 
(f) I MPLEMENTATIONS .—Not later than six 
months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall commence providing financial literacy training under section 992 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsections (b), (c), and (d) of this section, to members of the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 662. RECORDATION OF OBLIGATIONS FOR 
INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS OF INCEN-TIVE PAYS, ALLOWANCES, AND SIMI-LAR BENEFITS WHEN PAYMENT IS DUE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1015. Recordation of installment payment 
obligations for incentive pays and similar benefits 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case of any pay, al-
lowance, bonus, or other benefit described in subsection (b) that is paid to a member of the uniformed services on an installment basis, each installment payment shall be charged to appro-priations that are available for obligation at the time such payment is payable. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED PAY AND BENEFITS .—Subsection 
(a) applies to any incentive pay, special pay, or bonus, or similar periodic payment of pay or al-lowances, or of educational benefits or stipends, that is paid to a member of the uniformed serv-ices under this title or title 10.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1015. Recordation of installment payment obli-
gations for incentive pays and similar benefits.’’. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
Sec. 701. Access to TRICARE Prime for certain 
beneficiaries. 
Sec. 702. Modifications of cost-sharing for the 
TRICARE pharmacy benefits pro-gram. 
Sec. 703. Expansion of continued health bene-
fits coverage to include dis-charged and released members of the Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 704. Access to health care under the 
TRICARE program for bene-ficiaries of TRICARE Prime. 
Sec. 705. Expansion of reimbursement for smok-
ing cessation services for certain TRICARE beneficiaries. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 711. Waiver of recoupment of erroneous 
payments caused by administra-tive error under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 712. Publication of data on patient safety, 
quality of care, satisfaction, and health outcome measures under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 713. Expansion of evaluation of effective-
ness of the TRICARE program to include information on patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at military medical treat-ment facilities. 
Sec. 714. Portability of health plans under the 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 715. Joint uniform formulary for transition 
of care. 
Sec. 716. Licensure of mental health profes-
sionals in TRICARE program. 
Sec. 717. Designation of certain non-Depart-
ment mental health care providers with knowledge relating to treat-ment of members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 718. Comprehensive standards and access 
to contraception counseling for members of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 721. Provision of transportation of depend-
ent patients relating to obstetrical anesthesia services. 
Sec. 722. Extension of authority for DOD–VA 
Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. 
Sec. 723. Extension of authority for joint De-
partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facil-ity Demonstration Fund. 
Sec. 724. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Office of the Secretary of Defense. 
Sec. 725. Pilot program on urgent care under 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 726. Pilot program on incentive programs 
to improve health care provided under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 727. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Department of Defense Healthcare Management Systems Moderniza-tion. 
Sec. 728. Submittal of information to Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs relating to ex-posure to airborne hazards and open burn pits. 
Sec. 729. Plan for development of procedures to 
measure data on mental health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 730. Report on plans to improve experience 
with and eliminate performance variability of health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 731. Comptroller General study on gam-
bling and problem gambling be-havior among members of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
SEC. 701. ACCESS TO TRICARE PRIME FOR CER-
TAIN BENEFICIARIES. 
Section 732(c)(3) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 U.S.C. 1097a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) R
ESIDENCE AT TIME OF ELECTION .— 
‘‘(A) Except as provided by subparagraph (B), 
an affected eligible beneficiary may not make the one-time election under paragraph (1) if, at the time of such election, the beneficiary does not reside— 
‘‘(i) in a ZIP code that is in a region described 
in subsection (d)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) within 100 miles of a military medical 
treatment facility. 
‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A)(ii) shall not apply 
with respect to an affected eligible beneficiary who— 
‘‘(i) as of December 25, 2013, resides farther 
than 100 miles from a military medical treatment facility; and 
‘‘(ii) is such an eligible beneficiary by reason 
of service in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Ma-rine Corps.’’. 
SEC. 702. MODIFICATIONS OF COST-SHARING FOR 
THE TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF COST-SHARING  
AMOUNTS .—Subparagraph (A) of section 
1074g(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘$8’’ and in-
serting ‘‘$10’’; and 
(B) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘$20’’ and 
inserting ‘‘$24’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)— 
(A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘$16’’ and 
inserting ‘‘$20’’; and 
(B) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘$46’’ and 
inserting ‘‘$49’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF COLA I NCREASE .—Sub-
paragraph (C) of such section is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Beginning Octo-
ber 1, 2013,’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2016,’’; and (2) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the fol-
lowing new clause (ii): 
‘‘(ii) The amount of the increase otherwise 
provided for a year by clause (i) shall be com-puted as follows: 
‘‘(I) If the amount of the increase is equal to 
or greater than 50 cents, the amount of the in-crease shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1. 
‘‘(II) If the amount of the increase is less than 
50 cents, the increase shall not be made for such year, but shall be carried over to, and accumu-lated with, the amount of the increase for the subsequent year or years and made when the aggregate amount of increases under this clause for a year is equal to or greater than 50 cents.’’. 
SEC. 703. EXPANSION OF CONTINUED HEALTH 
BENEFITS COVERAGE TO INCLUDE DISCHARGED AND RELEASED MEM-BERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
1078a of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A member of the Selected Reserve of the 
Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the armed forces who— 
‘‘(A) is discharged or released from service in 
the Selected Reserve, whether voluntarily or in-voluntarily, under other than adverse condi-tions, as characterized by the Secretary con-cerned; 
‘‘(B) immediately preceding that discharge or 
release, is enrolled in TRICARE Reserve Select; and 
‘‘(C) after that discharge or release, would not 
otherwise be eligible for any benefits under this chapter.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY .—Subsection 
(c)(2) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘or subsection (b)(2)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’. 
(c) E
LECTION OF COVERAGE .—Subsection (d) of 
such section is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) In the case of a member described in sub-
section (b)(2), the written election shall be sub-mitted to the Secretary concerned before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date of the discharge or release of the 
member from service in the Selected Reserve; and 
‘‘(B) the date the member receives the notifi-
cation required pursuant to subsection (c).’’. 
(d) C
OVERAGE OF DEPENDENTS .—Subsection 
(e) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘or subsection (b)(2)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’. 
(e) P
ERIOD OF CONTINUED COVERAGE .—Sub-
section (g)(1) of such section is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph (B): 
‘‘(B) in the case of a member described in sub-
section (b)(2), the date which is 18 months after the date the member ceases to be eligible to en-roll in TRICARE Reserve Select;’’. 
(f) TRICARE R
ESERVE SELECT DEFINED .— 
Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) TRICARE R
ESERVE SELECT DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘TRICARE Reserve Select’ means TRICARE Standard coverage provided under section 1076d of this title.’’. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6377 September 29, 2015 
(2) in subsection (d)— 
(A) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by sub-
section (c)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b)(4)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b)(5)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)(2) or subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b)(3) or subsection (b)(4)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by 
subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(D)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’. 
SEC. 704. ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE UNDER THE 
TRICARE PROGRAM FOR BENE-FICIARIES OF TRICARE PRIME. 
(a) A CCESS TO HEALTH CARE.—The Secretary 
of Defense shall ensure that beneficiaries under TRICARE Prime who are seeking an appoint-ment for health care under TRICARE Prime shall obtain such an appointment within the health care access standards established under subsection (b), including through the use of health care providers in the preferred provider network of TRICARE Prime. 
(b) S
TANDARDS FOR ACCESS TO CARE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish health care access stand-ards for the receipt of health care under TRICARE Prime, whether received at military medical treatment facilities or from health care providers in the preferred provider network of TRICARE Prime. 
(2) C
ATEGORIES OF CARE .—The health care ac-
cess standards established under paragraph (1) shall include standards with respect to the fol-lowing categories of health care: 
(A) Primary care, including pediatric care, 
maternity care, gynecological care, and other subcategories of primary care. 
(B) Specialty care, including behavioral 
health care and other subcategories of specialty care. 
(3) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Secretary may mod-
ify the health care access standards established under paragraph (1) whenever the Secretary considers the modification of such standards ap-propriate. 
(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall publish 
the health care access standards established under paragraph (1), and any modifications to such standards, in the Federal Register and on a publicly accessible Internet website of the De-partment of Defense. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) TRICARE PRIME .—The term ‘‘TRICARE 
Prime’’ means the managed care option of the TRICARE program. 
(2) TRICARE 
PROGRAM .—The term 
‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072(7) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 705. EXPANSION OF REIMBURSEMENT FOR 
SMOKING CESSATION SERVICES FOR CERTAIN TRICARE BENEFICIARIES. 
Section 713(f) of the Duncan Hunter National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4503; 10 U.S.C. 
1074 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2009’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘during 
such fiscal year’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘during fiscal 
year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2008’’. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. WAIVER OF RECOUPMENT OF ERRO-
NEOUS PAYMENTS CAUSED BY AD-MINISTRATIVE ERROR UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1095f the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1095g. TRICARE program: waiver of 
recoupment of erroneous payments caused by administrative error 
‘‘(a) W
AIVER OF RECOUPMENT .—The Secretary 
of Defense may waive recoupment from an indi-vidual who has benefitted from an erroneous TRICARE payment in a case in which each of the following applies: 
‘‘(1) The payment was made because of an ad-
ministrative error by an employee of the Depart-ment of Defense or a contractor under the TRICARE program. 
‘‘(2) The individual (or in the case of a minor, 
the parent or guardian of the individual) had a good faith, reasonable belief that the individual was entitled to the benefit of such payment under this chapter. 
‘‘(3) The individual relied on the expectation 
of such entitlement. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary determines that a waiver of 
recoupment of such payment is necessary to pre-vent an injustice. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF CONTRACTOR .—In any 
case in which the Secretary waives recoupment under subsection (a) and the administrative error was on the part of a contractor under the TRICARE program, the Secretary shall, con-sistent with the requirements and procedures of the applicable contract, impose financial re-sponsibility on the contractor for the erroneous payment. 
‘‘(c) F
INALITY OF DETERMINATIONS .—Any de-
termination by the Secretary under this section to waive or decline to waive recoupment under subsection (a) is a final determination and shall not be subject to appeal or judicial review.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1095f the following new item: 
‘‘1095g. TRICARE program: waiver of 
recoupment of erroneous pay-ments caused by administrative error.’’. 
SEC. 712. PUBLICATION OF DATA ON PATIENT 
SAFETY, QUALITY OF CARE, SATIS-FACTION, AND HEALTH OUTCOME MEASURES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 1073b of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P UBLICATION OF DATA ON PATIENT SAFE-
TY, Q UALITY OF CARE, SATISFACTION , AND 
HEALTH OUTCOME MEASURES .—(1) Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall publish on a publically available Internet website of the Department of Defense data on all measures that the Secretary considers appro-priate that are used by the Department to assess patient safety, quality of care, patient satisfac-tion, and health outcomes for health care pro-vided under the TRICARE program at each mili-tary medical treatment facility. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall publish an update to 
the data published under paragraph (1) not less frequently than once each quarter during each fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary may not include data re-
lating to risk management activities of the De-partment in any publication under paragraph 
(1) or update under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) The Secretary shall ensure that the data 
published under paragraph (1) and updated under paragraph (2) is accessible to the public through the primary Internet website of the De-partment and the primary Internet website of the military medical treatment facility with re-spect to which such data applies.’’. 
SEC. 713. EXPANSION OF EVALUATION OF EFFEC-
TIVENESS OF THE TRICARE PRO-GRAM TO INCLUDE INFORMATION ON PATIENT SAFETY, QUALITY OF CARE, AND ACCESS TO CARE AT MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
Section 717(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), in 
the second sentence, by striking ‘‘address’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘address’’ before ‘‘the impact 
of’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semi-
colon; 
(3) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) address patient safety, quality of care, 
and access to care at military medical treatment facilities, including— 
‘‘(A) an identification of the number of practi-
tioners providing health care in military medical treatment facilities that were reported to the Na-tional Practitioner Data Bank during the year preceding the evaluation; and 
‘‘(B) with respect to each military medical 
treatment facility, an assessment of— 
‘‘(i) the current accreditation status of such 
facility, including any recommendations for cor-rective action made by the relevant accrediting body; 
‘‘(ii) any policies or procedures implemented 
during such year by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned that were designed to improve patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at such facility; 
‘‘(iii) data on surgical and maternity care out-
comes during such year; 
‘‘(iv) data on appointment wait times during 
such year; and 
‘‘(v) data on patient safety, quality of care, 
and access to care as compared to standards es-tablished by the Department of Defense with re-spect to patient safety, quality of care, and ac-cess to care.’’. 
SEC. 714. PORTABILITY OF HEALTH PLANS 
UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) H EALTH PLANPORTABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are covered under a health plan under such program are able to seamlessly access health care under such health plan in each TRICARE program region. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out paragraph (1). 
(b) M
ECHANISMS TOENSURE PORTABILITY .—In 
carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) establish a process for electronic notifica-
tion of contractors responsible for administering the TRICARE program in each TRICARE region when any covered beneficiary intends to relo-cate between such regions; 
(2) provide for the automatic electronic trans-
fer between such contractors of information re-lating to covered beneficiaries who are relo-cating between such regions, including demo-graphic, enrollment, and claims information; and 
(3) ensure each such covered beneficiary is 
able to obtain a new primary health care pro-vider within ten days of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6378 September 29, 2015 
(A) arriving at the location to which the cov-
ered beneficiary has relocated; and 
(B) initiating a request for a new primary 
health care provider. 
(c) P UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish information on any modifications 
made pursuant to subsection (a) with respect to the ability of covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are covered under a health plan under such program to access health care in each TRICARE region on the pri-mary Internet website of the Department that is available to the public; and 
(2) ensure that such information is made 
available on the primary Internet website that is available to the public of each current con-tractor responsible for administering the TRICARE program. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 715. JOINT UNIFORM FORMULARY FOR 
TRANSITION OF CARE. 
(a) J OINT FORMULARY .—Not later than June 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly establish a joint uniform formulary for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and the Department of Defense with respect to pharmaceutical agents that are critical for the transition of an individual from receiving treatment furnished by the Secretary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
(b) S
ELECTION .—The Secretaries shall select 
for inclusion on the joint uniform formulary es-tablished under subsection (a) pharmaceutical agents relating to— 
(1) the control of pain, sleep disorders, and 
psychiatric conditions, including post-traumatic stress disorder; and 
(2) any other conditions determined appro-
priate by the Secretaries. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2016, the 
Secretaries shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the joint uniform formulary established under sub-section (a), including a list of the pharma-ceutical agents selected for inclusion on the for-mulary. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from each maintaining the respective uniform formularies of the Department of the Secretary. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘pharmaceutical agent’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 1074g(g) of title 10, United States Code. 
(f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1074g(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘With respect to members of the uniformed services, such uniform formulary shall include pharmaceutical agents on the joint uniform formulary established under section 715 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 716. LICENSURE OF MENTAL HEALTH PRO-
FESSIONALS IN TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) Q UALIFICATIONS FOR TRICARE C ERTIFIED  
MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELORS DURING TRANSI -
TION PERIOD .—During the period preceding Jan-
uary 1, 2021, for purposes of determining wheth-er a mental health care professional is eligible for reimbursement under the TRICARE program as a TRICARE certified mental health coun-selor, an individual who holds a masters degree or doctoral degree in counseling from a program that is accredited by a covered institution shall be treated as holding such degree from a mental health counseling program or clinical mental health counseling program that is accredited by 
the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered institution’’ means any 
of the following: 
(A) The Accrediting Commission for Commu-
nity and Junior Colleges Western Association of Schools and Colleges (ACCJC-WASC). 
(B) The Higher Learning Commission (HLC). (C) The Middle States Commission on Higher 
Education (MSCHE). 
(D) The New England Association of Schools 
and Colleges Commission on Institutions of Higher Education (NEASC-CIHE). 
(E) The Southern Association of Colleges and 
Schools (SACS) Commission on Colleges. 
(F) The WASC Senior College and University 
Commission (WASC-SCUC). 
(G) The Accrediting Bureau of Health Edu-
cation Schools (ABHES). 
(H) The Accrediting Commission of Career 
Schools and Colleges (ACCSC). 
(I) The Accrediting Council for Independent 
Colleges and Schools (ACICS). 
(J) The Distance Education Accreditation 
Commission (DEAC). 
(2) The term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 717. DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN NON-DE-
PARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS WITH KNOWLEDGE RE-LATING TO TREATMENT OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) M ENTAL HEALTH PROVIDER READINESS  
DESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall develop a system by which any non-Department mental health care provider that meets eligibility criteria estab-lished by the Secretary relating to the knowl-edge described in paragraph (2) receives a men-tal health provider readiness designation from the Department of Defense. 
(2) K
NOWLEDGE DESCRIBED .—The knowledge 
described in this paragraph is the following: 
(A) Knowledge and understanding with re-
spect to the culture of members of the Armed Forces and family members and caregivers of members of the Armed Forces. 
(B) Knowledge with respect to evidence-based 
treatments that have been approved by the De-partment for the treatment of mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON DES-
IGNATION .— 
(1) R EGISTRY .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
establish and update as necessary a publically available registry of all non-Department mental health care providers that are currently des-ignated under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) P
ROVIDER LIST .—The Secretary shall up-
date all lists maintained by the Secretary of non-Department mental health care providers that provide mental health care under the laws administered by the Secretary by indicating the providers that are currently designated under subsection (a)(1). 
(c) N
ON-DEPARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE 
PROVIDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘non-Department mental health care pro-vider’’— 
(1) means a health care provider who— (A) specializes in mental health; (B) is not a health care provider of the De-
partment of Defense at a facility of the Depart-ment; and 
(C) provides health care to members of the 
Armed Forces; and 
(2) includes psychiatrists, psychologists, psy-
chiatric nurses, social workers, mental health counselors, marriage and family therapists, and other mental health care providers designated by the Secretary of Defense. 
SEC. 718. COMPREHENSIVE STANDARDS AND AC-
CESS TO CONTRACEPTION COUN-SELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) C LINICAL PRACTICE GUIDELINES .— (1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish clinical practice guidelines for health care providers em-ployed by the Department of Defense on stand-ards of care with respect to methods of contra-ception and counseling on methods of contra-ception for members of the Armed Forces. 
(2) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall from time 
to time update the clinical practice guidelines established under paragraph (1) to incorporate into such guidelines new or updated standards of care with respect to methods of contraception and counseling on methods of contraception. 
(b) D
ISSEMINATION .— 
(1) I NITIAL DISSEMINATION .—As soon as prac-
ticable, but commencing not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide for rapid dissemination of the clinical practice guidelines to health care providers described in subsection (a)(1). 
(2) D
ISSEMINATION OF UPDATES .—As soon as 
practicable after each update to the clinical practice guidelines made by the Secretary pur-suant to paragraph (2) of subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide for the rapid dissemina-tion of such updated clinical practice guidelines to health care providers described in paragraph (1) of such subsection. 
(3) P
ROTOCOLS .—The Secretary shall dissemi-
nate the clinical practice guidelines under para-graph (1) and any updates to such guidelines under paragraph (2) in accordance with admin-istrative protocols developed by the Secretary for such purpose. 
(c) A
CCESS TO CONTRACEPTION COUNSELING .— 
As soon as practicable after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that women members of the Armed Forces have access to comprehensive counseling on the full range of methods of contraception provided by health care providers described in subsection (a)(1) during health care visits, including visits as follows: 
(1) During predeployment health care visits, 
including counseling that provides specific in-formation women need regarding the interaction between anticipated deployment conditions and various methods of contraception. 
(2) During health care visits during deploy-
ment. 
(3) During annual physical examinations. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 721. PROVISION OF TRANSPORTATION OF 
DEPENDENT PATIENTS RELATING TO OBSTETRICAL ANESTHESIA SERV-ICES. 
Section 1040(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (F). 
SEC. 722. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR DOD– 
VA HEALTH CARE SHARING INCEN-TIVE FUND. 
Section 8111(d)(3) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 723. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 724. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR OFFICE OF THE SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, not more than 75 percent may be obli-gated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report required by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6379 September 29, 2015 
section 713(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3414). 
SEC. 725. PILOT PROGRAM ON URGENT CARE 
UNDER TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Commencing not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to allow a covered beneficiary under the TRICARE program access to urgent care visits without the need for preauthorization for such visits. 
(2) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out 
the pilot program for a period of three years. 
(3) I NCORPORATION OF NURSE ADVICE LINE .— 
The Secretary shall incorporate the nurse advise line of the Department into the pilot program to direct covered beneficiaries seeking access to care to the source of the most appropriate level of health care required to treat the medical con-ditions of the beneficiaries, including urgent care under the pilot program. 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish information on the pilot program 
under subsection (a) for the receipt of urgent care under the TRICARE program— 
(A) on the primary publically available Inter-
net website of the Department; and 
(B) on the primary publically available Inter-
net website of each military medical treatment facility; and 
(2) ensure that such information is made 
available on the primary publically available Internet website of each current managed care contractor that has established a health care provider network under the TRICARE program. 
(c) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) F IRST REPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date on which the pilot program under subsection (a) commences, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the pilot program. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subpara-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(i) An analysis of urgent care use by covered 
beneficiaries in military medical treatment fa-cilities and the TRICARE purchased care pro-vider network. 
(ii) A comparison of urgent care use by cov-
ered beneficiaries to the use by covered bene-ficiaries of emergency departments in military medical treatment facilities and the TRICARE purchased care provider network, including an analysis of whether the pilot program decreases the inappropriate use of medical care in emer-gency departments. 
(iii) A determination of the extent to which 
the nurse advice line of the Department affected both urgent care and emergency department use by covered beneficiaries in military medical treatment facilities and the TRICARE pur-chased care provider network. 
(iv) An analysis of any cost savings to the De-
partment realized through the pilot program. 
(v) A determination of the optimum number of 
urgent care visits available to covered bene-ficiaries without preauthorization. 
(vi) An analysis of the satisfaction of covered 
beneficiaries with the pilot program. 
(2) S
ECOND REPORT .—Not later than two years 
after the date on which the pilot program com-mences, the Secretary shall submit to the com-mittees specified in paragraph (1)(A) an update to the report required by such paragraph, in-cluding any recommendations of the Secretary with respect to extending or making permanent the pilot program and a description of any re-lated legislative actions that the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
(3) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date on which the pilot program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the committees specified in paragraph (1)(A) a final report on the pilot program that updates the re-port required by paragraph (2). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 726. PILOT PROGRAM ON INCENTIVE PRO-
GRAMS TO IMPROVE HEALTH CARE PROVIDED UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence the con-duct of a pilot program under section 1092 of title 10, United States Code, to assess whether a reduction in the rate of increase in health care spending by the Department of Defense and an enhancement of the operation of the military health system may be achieved by developing and implementing value-based incentive pro-grams to encourage health care providers under the TRICARE program (including physicians, hospitals, and others involved in providing health care to patients) to improve the fol-lowing: 
(1) The quality of health care provided to cov-
ered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program. 
(2) The experience of covered beneficiaries in 
receiving health care under the TRICARE pro-gram. 
(3) The health of covered beneficiaries. (b) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAMS .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—In developing an incen-
tive program under this section, the Secretary shall— 
(A) consider the characteristics of the popu-
lation of covered beneficiaries affected by the incentive program; 
(B) consider how the incentive program would 
impact the receipt of health care under the TRICARE program by such covered bene-ficiaries; 
(C) establish or maintain an assurance that 
such covered beneficiaries will have timely ac-cess to health care during operation of the in-centive program; 
(D) ensure that there are no additional finan-
cial costs to such covered beneficiaries of imple-menting the incentive program; and 
(E) consider such other factors as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—With respect to an incentive 
program developed and implemented under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that— 
(A) the size, scope, and duration of the incen-
tive program is reasonable in relation to the purpose of the incentive program; and 
(B) appropriate criteria and data collection 
are used to ensure adequate evaluation of the feasibility and advisability of implementing the incentive program throughout the TRICARE program. 
(3) U
SE OF EXISTING MODELS .—In developing 
an incentive program under this section, the Secretary may adapt a value-based incentive program conducted by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or any other governmental or commercial health care program. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the Sec-
retary to carry out the pilot program under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2019. 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once each year there-after until the termination of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot pro-gram. 
(2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than September 
30, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a final report on the pilot program. 
(3) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under 
paragraph (1) or paragraph (2) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of each incentive program 
developed and implemented under this section, including whether such incentive program— 
(i) improves the quality of health care pro-
vided to covered beneficiaries, the experience of covered beneficiaries in receiving health care 
under the TRICARE program, or the health of covered beneficiaries; 
(ii) reduces the rate of increase in health care 
spending by the Department of Defense; or 
(iii) enhances the operation of the military 
health system. 
(B) Such recommendations for administrative 
or legislative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, in-cluding to implement any such incentive pro-gram or programs throughout the TRICARE program. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 727. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense Healthcare Management Systems Moderniza-tion, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Sec-retary of Defense makes the certification re-quired by section 713(g)(2) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note). 
SEC. 728. SUBMITTAL OF INFORMATION TO SEC-
RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RE-LATING TO EXPOSURE TO AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs such information in the possession of the Sec-retary of Defense as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs considers necessary to supplement and support— 
(1) the development of information to be in-
cluded in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry established by the Department of Veterans Affairs under section 201 of the Dig-nified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Im-provement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note); and 
(2) research and development activities con-
ducted by the Department of Veterans Affairs to explore the potential health risks of exposure by members of the Armed Forces to environmental factors in Iraq and Afghanistan, in particular the connection of such exposure to respiratory illnesses such as chronic cough, chronic obstruc-tive pulmonary disease, constrictive bronchiolitis, and pulmonary fibrosis. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall include in the infor-mation submitted to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under subsection (a) information on any research and surveillance efforts conducted by the Department of Defense to evaluate the inci-dence and prevalence of respiratory illnesses among members of the Armed Forces who were exposed to open burn pits while deployed over-seas. 
SEC. 729. PLAN FOR DEVELOPMENT OF PROCE-
DURES TO MEASURE DATA ON MEN-TAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a plan for the Department of Defense to develop procedures to compile and assess data relating to the following: 
(1) Outcomes for mental health care provided 
by the Department. 
(2) Variations in such outcomes among dif-
ferent medical facilities of the Department. 
(3) Barriers, if any, to the implementation by 
mental health care providers of the Department of the clinical practice guidelines and other evi-dence-based treatments and approaches rec-ommended for such providers by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6380 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 730. REPORT ON PLANS TO IMPROVE EXPE-
RIENCE WITH AND ELIMINATE PER-FORMANCE VARIABILITY OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDED BY THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a comprehensive report set-ting forth the current and future plans of the Secretary, with estimated dates of completion, to carry out the following: 
(A) To improve the experience of beneficiaries 
with health care provided in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(B) To eliminate performance variability with 
respect to the provision of such health care. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive report 
under paragraph (1) shall include the plans of the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, as follows: 
(A) To align performance measures for health 
care provided in military medical treatment fa-cilities with performance measures for health care provided through purchased care. 
(B) To improve performance in the provision 
of health care by the Department of Defense by eliminating performance variability with respect to the provision of health care in military med-ical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(C) To use innovative, high-technology serv-
ices to improve access to care, coordination of care, and the experience of care in military med-ical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(D) To collect and analyze data throughout 
the Department with respect to health care pro-vided in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care to improve the quality of such care, patient safety, and patient satisfaction. 
(E) To develop a performance management 
system, including by adoption of common meas-ures for access to care, quality of care, safety, and patient satisfaction, that holds medical leadership throughout the Department account-able for sustained improvement of performance. 
(F) To use such other methods as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate to improve the ex-perience of beneficiaries with and eliminate per-formance variability with respect to health care received from the Department. 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the submission of the comprehensive report re-quired by subsection (a)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the plans of the Secretary of Defense set forth in the comprehensive report submitted under such sub-section. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of whether the plans in-
cluded in the comprehensive report submitted under subsection (a) will, with respect to mem-bers of the Armed Forces and covered bene-ficiaries under the TRICARE program— 
(i) improve health outcomes; (ii) create consistent health value; and (iii) ensure that such individuals receive qual-
ity health care in all military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(B) An assessment of whether such plans can 
be achieved within the estimated dates of com-pletion set forth by the Department under such subsection. 
(C) An assessment of whether any such plan 
would require legislation for the implementation of such plan. 
(D) An assessment of whether the Department 
of Defense has adequately budgeted amounts to fund the carrying out of such plans. (E) Metrics that can be used to evaluate the 
performance of such plans. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘purchased care’’ means health 
care provided pursuant to a contract entered into under the TRICARE program. 
(2) The terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and 
‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 731. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON 
GAMBLING AND PROBLEM GAM-BLING BEHAVIOR AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study on gam-bling among members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) With respect to gaming facilities at mili-
tary installations, disaggregated by each mili-tary department, the number, type, and location 
of such gaming facilities. 
(2) An assessment of the prevalence of and 
particular risks for problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces, including such recommendations for policies and programs to be carried out by the Department to address prob-lem gambling as the Comptroller General con-siders appropriate. 
(3) An assessment of the ability and capacity 
of military health care personnel to adequately diagnose and provide dedicated treatment for problem gambling, including— 
(A) a comparison of treatment programs of the 
Department for alcohol abuse, illegal substance abuse, and tobacco addiction with treatment programs of the Department for problem gam-bling; and 
(B) an assessment of whether additional 
training for military health care personnel on providing treatment for problem gambling would be beneficial. 
(4) An assessment of the financial counseling 
and related services that are available to mem-bers of the Armed Forces and dependents of such members who are affected by problem gam-bling. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management 
Sec. 801. Required review of acquisition-related 
functions of the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 802. Role of Chiefs of Staff in the acquisi-
tion process. 
Sec. 803. Expansion of rapid acquisition au-
thority. 
Sec. 804. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid 
prototyping and rapid fielding. 
Sec. 805. Use of alternative acquisition paths to 
acquire critical national security capabilities. 
Sec. 806. Secretary of Defense waiver of acquisi-
tion laws to acquire vital national security capabilities. 
Sec. 807. Acquisition authority of the Com-
mander of United States Cyber Command. 
Sec. 808. Report on linking and streamlining re-
quirements, acquisition, and budget processes within Armed Forces. 
Sec. 809. Advisory panel on streamlining and 
codifying acquisition regulations. 
Sec. 810. Review of time-based requirements 
process and budgeting and acqui-sition systems. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting 
Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
Sec. 811. Amendment relating to multiyear con-
tract authority for acquisition of property. Sec. 812. Applicability of cost and pricing data 
and certification requirements. 
Sec. 813. Rights in technical data. Sec. 814. Procurement of supplies for experi-
mental purposes. 
Sec. 815. Amendments to other transaction au-
thority. 
Sec. 816. Amendment to acquisition threshold 
for special emergency procurement authority. 
Sec. 817. Revision of method of rounding when 
making inflation adjustment of acquisition-related dollar thresh-olds. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Major Defense 
Acquisition Programs 
Sec. 821. Acquisition strategy required for each 
major defense acquisition pro-gram, major automated informa-tion system, and major system. 
Sec. 822. Revision to requirements relating to 
risk management in development of major defense acquisition pro-grams and major systems. 
Sec. 823. Revision of Milestone A decision au-
thority responsibilities for major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 824. Revision of Milestone B decision au-
thority responsibilities for major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 825. Designation of milestone decision au-
thority. 
Sec. 826. Tenure and accountability of program 
managers for program definition periods. 
Sec. 827. Tenure and accountability of program 
managers for program execution periods. 
Sec. 828. Penalty for cost overruns. Sec. 829. Streamlining of reporting requirements 
applicable to Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering regarding major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 830. Configuration Steering Boards for cost 
control under major defense ac-quisition programs. 
Sec. 831. Repeal of requirement for stand-alone 
manpower estimates for major de-fense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 832. Revision to duties of the Deputy As-
sistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evalua-tion and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition 
Workforce 
Sec. 841. Amendments to Department of Defense 
Acquisition Workforce Develop-ment Fund. 
Sec. 842. Dual-track military professionals in 
operational and acquisition speci-alities. 
Sec. 843. Provision of joint duty assignment 
credit for acquisition duty. 
Sec. 844. Mandatory requirement for training 
related to the conduct of market research. 
Sec. 845. Independent study of implementation 
of defense acquisition workforce improvement efforts. 
Sec. 846. Extension of authority for the civilian 
acquisition workforce personnel demonstration project. 
Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial 
Items 
Sec. 851. Procurement of commercial items. 
Sec. 852. Modification to information required 
to be submitted by offeror in pro-curement of major weapon sys-tems as commercial items. 
Sec. 853. Use of recent prices paid by the Gov-
ernment in the determination of price reasonableness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6381 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 854. Report on defense-unique laws appli-
cable to the procurement of com-mercial items and commercially available off-the-shelf items. 
Sec. 855. Market research and preference for 
commercial items. 
Sec. 856. Limitation on conversion of procure-
ments from commercial acquisition procedures. 
Sec. 857. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional defense contractors as commercial items. 
Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters 
Sec. 861. Amendment to Mentor-Protege Pro-
gram. 
Sec. 862. Amendments to data quality improve-
ment plan. 
Sec. 863. Notice of contract consolidation for 
acquisition strategies. 
Sec. 864. Clarification of requirements related to 
small business contracts for serv-ices. 
Sec. 865. Certification requirements for Business 
Opportunity Specialists, commer-cial market representatives, and procurement center representa-tives. 
Sec. 866. Modifications to requirements for 
qualified HUBZone small business concerns located in a base closure area. 
Sec. 867. Joint venturing and teaming. Sec. 868. Modification to and scorecard program 
for small business contracting goals. 
Sec. 869. Establishment of an Office of Hearings 
and Appeals in the Small Busi-ness Administration; petitions for reconsideration of size standards. 
Sec. 870. Additional duties of the Director of 
Small and Disadvantaged Busi-ness Utilization. 
Sec. 871. Including subcontracting goals in 
agency responsibilities. 
Sec. 872. Reporting related to failure of contrac-
tors to meet goals under nego-tiated comprehensive small busi-ness subcontracting plans. 
Sec. 873. Pilot program for streamlining awards 
for innovative technology projects. 
Sec. 874. Surety bond requirements and amount 
of guarantee. 
Sec. 875. Review of Government access to intel-
lectual property rights of private sector firms. 
Sec. 876. Inclusion in annual technology and 
industrial capability assessments of a determination about defense acquisition program requirements. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 881. Consideration of potential program 
cost increases and schedule delays resulting from oversight of defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 882. Examination and guidance relating to 
oversight and approval of services contracts. 
Sec. 883. Streamlining of requirements relating 
to defense business systems. 
Sec. 884. Procurement of personal protective 
equipment. 
Sec. 885. Amendments concerning detection and 
avoidance of counterfeit elec-tronic parts. 
Sec. 886. Exception for AbilityOne products 
from authority to acquire goods and services manufactured in Af-ghanistan, Central Asian States, and Djibouti. 
Sec. 887. Effective communication between gov-
ernment and industry. 
Sec. 888. Standards for procurement of secure 
information technology and cyber security systems. 
Sec. 889. Unified information technology serv-
ices. Sec. 890. Cloud strategy for Department of De-
fense. 
Sec. 891. Development period for Department of 
Defense information technology systems. 
Sec. 892. Revisions to pilot program on acquisi-
tion of military purpose non-developmental items. 
Sec. 893. Improved auditing of contracts. Sec. 894. Sense of Congress on evaluation meth-
od for procurement of audit or audit readiness services. 
Sec. 895. Mitigating potential unfair competi-
tive advantage of technical advi-sors to acquisition programs. 
Sec. 896. Survey on the costs of regulatory com-
pliance. 
Sec. 897. Treatment of interagency and State 
and local purchases when the De-partment of Defense acts as con-tract intermediary for the General Services Administration. 
Sec. 898. Competition for religious services con-
tracts. 
Sec. 899. Pilot program regarding risk-based 
contracting for smaller contract actions under the Truth in Nego-tiations Act. 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
SEC. 801. REQUIRED REVIEW OF ACQUISITION-RE-
LATED FUNCTIONS OF THE CHIEFS OF STAFF OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Chief of Staff of 
the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Com-mandant of the Marine Corps shall conduct a review of their current individual authorities provided in sections 3033, 5033, 8033, and 5043 of title 10, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regulations related to defense ac-quisitions for the purpose of developing such recommendations as the Chief concerned or the Commandant considers necessary to further or advance the role of the Chief concerned or the Commandant in the development of require-ments, acquisition processes, and the associated budget practices of the Department of Defense. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report containing, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) The recommendations developed by the 
Chief concerned or the Commandant under sub-section (a) and other results of the review con-ducted under such subsection. 
(2) The actions the Chief concerned or the 
Commandant is taking, if any, within the Chief’s or Commandant’s existing authority to implement such recommendations. 
SEC. 802. ROLE OF CHIEFS OF STAFF IN THE AC-
QUISITION PROCESS. 
(a) C HIEFS OF STAFF AS CUSTOMER OF ACQUI-
SITION PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 149 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2546 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2546a. Customer-oriented acquisition sys-
tem 
‘‘(a) O
BJECTIVE .—It shall be the objective of 
the defense acquisition system to meet the needs of its customers in the most cost-effective man-ner practicable. The acquisition policies, direc-tives, and regulations of the Department of De-fense shall be modified as necessary to ensure the development and implementation of a cus-tomer-oriented acquisition system. 
‘‘(b) C
USTOMER .—The customer of the defense 
acquisition system is the armed force that will have primary responsibility for fielding the sys-tem or systems acquired. The customer is rep-resented with regard to a major defense acquisi-tion program by the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned and the Chief of the armed force concerned. ‘‘(c) R
OLE OF CUSTOMER .—The customer of a 
major defense acquisition program shall be re-sponsible for balancing resources against prior-ities on the acquisition program and ensuring that appropriate trade-offs are made among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and per-formance on a continuing basis throughout the life of the acquisition program.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 149 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2546 the following new item: 
‘‘2546a. Customer-oriented acquisition system.’’. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF CHIEFS .—Section 
2547(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Decisions regarding the balancing of re-
sources and priorities, and associated trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance on major defense acquisition pro-grams.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by para-
graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘The development’’ and inserting ‘‘The development and management’’. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF MILITARY DEPU-
TIES.—Section 908(d) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) D
UTIES OF PRINCIPAL MILITARY DEPU-
TIES.—Each Principal Military Deputy to a 
service acquisition executive shall be responsible for— 
‘‘(1) keeping the Chief of Staff of the Armed 
Force concerned informed of the progress of major defense acquisition programs; 
‘‘(2) informing the Chief of Staff on a con-
tinuing basis of any developments on major de-fense acquisition programs, which may require new or revisited trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) significant cost growth or schedule slip-
page; and 
‘‘(B) requirements creep (as defined in section 
2547(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code); and 
‘‘(3) ensuring that the views of the Chief of 
Staff on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs are strongly consid-ered by program managers and program execu-tive officers in all phases of the acquisition process.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) J OINT REQUIREMENTS OVERSIGHT COUN -
CIL.—Section 181(d) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) The Council shall seek, and strongly con-
sider, the views of the Chiefs of Staff of the armed forces, in their roles as customers of the acquisition system, on matters pertaining to trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasi-bility, and performance under subsection (b)(1)(C) and the balancing of resources with priorities pursuant to subsection (b)(3).’’. 
(2) M
ILESTONE A DECISIONS .—The Chief of the 
Armed Force concerned shall advise the mile-stone decision authority for a major defense ac-quisition program of the Chief’s views on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program, as provided in section 2366a(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 823 of this Act, prior to a Milestone A decision on the program. 
(3) M
ILESTONE B DECISIONS .—The Chief of the 
Armed Force concerned shall advise the mile-stone decision authority for a major defense ac-quisition program of the Chief’s views on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program, as provided in section 2366b(b)(3) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6382 September 29, 2015 
of title 10, United States Code, as amended by 
section 824 of this Act, prior to a Milestone B decision on the program. 
(4) D
UTIES OF CHIEFS .— 
(A) Section 3033(d)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(B) Section 5033(d)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(C) Section 5043(e)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(D) Section 8033(d)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
SEC. 803. EXPANSION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AU-
THORITY. 
Section 806(c) of the Bob Stump National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSE TO COMBAT EMERGENCIES AND  
CERTAIN URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS.— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION OF NEED FOR RAPID AC -
QUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT .—(A) In the case of 
any supplies and associated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, are urgently needed to eliminate a documented deficiency that has resulted in com-bat casualties, or is likely to result in combat casualties, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accom-plish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed supplies and associated support serv-ices. 
‘‘(B) In the case of any supplies and associ-
ated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, are ur-gently needed to eliminate a documented defi-ciency that impacts an ongoing or anticipated contingency operation and that, if left unfulfilled, could potentially result in loss of life or critical mission failure, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed supplies and associ-ated support services. 
‘‘(C)(i) In the case of any supplies and associ-
ated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense without del-egation, are urgently needed to eliminate a defi-ciency that as the result of a cyber attack has resulted in critical mission failure, the loss of life, property destruction, or economic effects, or if left unfilled is likely to result in critical mis-sion failure, the loss of life, property destruc-tion, or economic effects, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed offensive or defensive cyber capabilities, supplies, and associated sup-port services. 
‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘cyber at-
tack’ means a deliberate action to alter, disrupt, deceive, degrade, or destroy computer systems or networks or the information or programs resi-dent in or transiting these systems or networks. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL RESPON -
SIBLE .—(A) Whenever the Secretary makes a de-
termination under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) that certain supplies and asso-ciated support services are urgently needed to eliminate a deficiency described in that sub-paragraph, the Secretary shall designate a sen-ior official of the Department of Defense to en-sure that the needed supplies and associated support services are acquired and deployed as quickly as possible, with a goal of awarding a contract for the acquisition of the supplies and associated support services within 15 days. 
‘‘(B) Upon designation of a senior official 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall au-thorize that official to waive any provision of law, policy, directive, or regulation described in subsection (d) that such official determines in writing would unnecessarily impede the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed sup-plies and associated support services. In a case 
in which the needed supplies and associated support services cannot be acquired without an extensive delay, the senior official shall require that an interim solution be implemented and de-ployed using the procedures developed under this section to minimize adverse consequences resulting from the urgent need. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—(A) In any fiscal year in 
which the Secretary makes a determination de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of para-graph (1), the Secretary may use any funds available to the Department of Defense for ac-quisitions of supplies and associated support services if the determination includes a written finding that the use of such funds is necessary to address the deficiency in a timely manner. 
‘‘(B) The authority of this section may only be 
used to acquire supplies and associated support services— 
‘‘(i) in the case of determinations by the Sec-
retary under paragraph (1)(A), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of determinations by the Sec-
retary under paragraph (1)(B), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of determinations by the Sec-
retary under paragraph (1)(C), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE  
COMMITTEES .—(A) In the case of a determina-
tion by the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall notify the congressional de-fense committees of the determination within 15 days after the date of the determination. 
‘‘(B) In the case of a determination by the 
Secretary under paragraph (1)(B) the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense commit-tees of the determination at least 10 days before the date on which the determination is effective. 
‘‘(C) A notice under this paragraph shall in-
clude the following: 
‘‘(i) The supplies and associated support serv-
ices to be acquired. 
‘‘(ii) The amount anticipated to be expended 
for the acquisition. 
‘‘(iii) The source of funds for the acquisition. ‘‘(D) A notice under this paragraph shall be 
sufficient to fulfill any requirement to provide notification to Congress for a new start pro-gram. 
‘‘(E) A notice under this paragraph shall be 
provided in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(5) T
IME FOR TRANSITIONING TO NORMAL AC -
QUISITION SYSTEM .—Any acquisition initiated 
under this subsection shall transition to the nor-mal acquisition system not later than two years after the date on which the Secretary makes the determination described in paragraph (1) with respect to the supplies and associated support services concerned. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON OFFICERS WITH AUTHORITY  
TO MAKE A DETERMINATION .—The authority to 
make a determination under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) may be exercised only by the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 804. MIDDLE TIER OF ACQUISITION FOR 
RAPID PROTOTYPING AND RAPID FIELDING. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, in consultation with the Comptroller of the Department of Defense and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall establish guidance for a ‘‘middle tier’’ of acquisition programs that are intended to be completed in a period of two to five years. 
(b) A
CQUISITION PATHWAYS .—The guidance re-
quired by subsection (a) shall cover the fol-lowing two acquisition pathways: 
(1) R
APID PROTOTYPING .—The rapid proto-
typing pathway shall provide for the use of in-novative technologies to rapidly develop 
fieldable prototypes to demonstrate new capa-bilities and meet emerging military needs. The objective of an acquisition program under this pathway shall be to field a prototype that can be demonstrated in an operational environment and provide for a residual operational capa-bility within five years of the development of an approved requirement. 
(2) R
APID FIELDING .—The rapid fielding path-
way shall provide for the use of proven tech-nologies to field production quantities of new or upgraded systems with minimal development re-quired. The objective of an acquisition program under this pathway shall be to begin production within six months and complete fielding within five years of the development of an approved re-quirement. 
(c) E
XPEDITED PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The guidance required by 
subsection (a) shall provide for a streamlined and coordinated requirements, budget, and ac-quisition process that results in the development of an approved requirement for each program in a period of not more than six months from the time that the process is initiated. Programs that are subject to the guidance shall not be subject to the Joint Capabilities Integration and Devel-opment System Manual and Department of De-fense Directive 5000.01, except to the extent spe-cifically provided in the guidance. 
(2) R
APID PROTOTYPING .—With respect to the 
rapid prototyping pathway, the guidance shall include— 
(A) a merit-based process for the consideration 
of innovative technologies and new capabilities to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders; 
(B) a process for developing and implementing 
acquisition and funding strategies for the pro-gram; 
(C) a process for cost-sharing with the mili-
tary departments on rapid prototype projects, to ensure an appropriate commitment to the suc-cess of such projects; 
(D) a process for demonstrating and evalu-
ating the performance of fieldable prototypes de-veloped pursuant to the program in an oper-ational environment; and 
(E) a process for transitioning successful pro-
totypes to new or existing acquisition programs for production and fielding under the rapid fielding pathway or the traditional acquisition system. 
(3) R
APID FIELDING .—With respect to the rapid 
fielding pathway, the guidance shall include— 
(A) a merit-based process for the consideration 
of existing products and proven technologies to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders; 
(B) a process for demonstrating performance 
and evaluating for current operational purposes the proposed products and technologies; 
(C) a process for developing and implementing 
acquisition and funding strategies for the pro-gram; and 
(D) a process for considering lifecycle costs 
and addressing issues of logistics support and system interoperability. 
(4) S
TREAMLINED PROCEDURES .—The guidance 
for the programs may provide for any of the fol-lowing streamlined procedures: 
(A) The service acquisition executive of the 
military department concerned shall appoint a program manager for such program from among candidates from among civilian employees or members of the Armed Forces who have signifi-cant and relevant experience managing large and complex programs. 
(B) The program manager for each program 
shall report with respect to such program di-rectly, without intervening review or approval, to the service acquisition executive of the mili-tary department concerned. 
(C) The service acquisition executive of the 
military department concerned shall evaluate the job performance of such manager on an an-nual basis. In conducting an evaluation under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6383 September 29, 2015 
this paragraph, a service acquisition executive 
shall consider the extent to which the manager has achieved the objectives of the program for which the manager is responsible, including quality, timeliness, and cost objectives. 
(D) The program manager of a defense stream-
lined program shall be authorized staff positions for a technical staff, including experts in busi-ness management, contracting, auditing, engi-neering, testing, and logistics, to enable the manager to manage the program without the technical assistance of another organizational unit of an agency to the maximum extent prac-ticable. 
(E) The program manager of a defense stream-
lined program shall be authorized, in coordina-tion with the users of the equipment and capa-bility to be acquired and the test community, to make trade-offs among life-cycle costs, require-ments, and schedules to meet the goals of the program. 
(F) The service acquisition executive, acting 
in coordination with the defense acquisition ex-ecutive, shall serve as the milestone decision au-thority for the program. 
(G) The program manager of a defense stream-
lined program shall be provided a process to ex-peditiously seek a waiver from Congress from any statutory or regulatory requirement that the program manager determines adds little or no value to the management of the program. 
(d) R
APID PROTOTYPING FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘De-partment of Defense Rapid Prototyping Fund’’ to provide funds, in addition to other funds that may be available for acquisition programs under the rapid prototyping pathway established pur-suant to this section. The Fund shall be man-aged by a senior official of the Department of Defense designated by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics. The Fund shall consist of amounts appro-priated to the Fund and amounts credited to the Fund pursuant to section 828 of this Act. 
(2) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Amounts available 
in the Fund may be transferred to a military de-partment for the purpose of carrying out an ac-quisition program under the rapid prototyping pathway established pursuant to this section. Any amount so transferred shall be credited to the account to which it is transferred. The transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTICE .—The senior offi-
cial designated to manage the Fund shall notify the congressional defense committees of all transfers under paragraph (2). Each notification shall specify the amount transferred, the pur-pose of the transfer, and the total projected cost and estimated cost to complete the acquisition program to which the funds were transferred. 
SEC. 805. USE OF ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION 
PATHS TO ACQUIRE CRITICAL NA-TIONAL SECURITY CAPABILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish procedures for alternative acqui-sition pathways to acquire capital assets and services that meet critical national security needs. The procedures shall— 
(1) be separate from existing acquisition proce-
dures; 
(2) be supported by streamlined contracting, 
budgeting, and requirements processes; 
(3) establish alternative acquisition paths 
based on the capabilities being bought and the time needed to deploy these capabilities; and 
(4) maximize the use of flexible authorities in 
existing law and regulation. 
SEC. 806. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WAIVER OF 
ACQUISITION LAWS TO ACQUIRE VITAL NATIONAL SECURITY CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) W AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of De-
fense is authorized to waive any provision of ac-quisition law or regulation described in sub-section (c) for the purpose of acquiring a capa-
bility that would not otherwise be available to the Armed Forces of the United States, upon a determination that— 
(1) the acquisition of the capability is in the 
vital national security interest of the United States; 
(2) the application of the law or regulation to 
be waived would impede the acquisition of the capability in a manner that would undermine the national security of the United States; and 
(3) the underlying purpose of the law or regu-
lation to be waived can be addressed in a dif-ferent manner or at a different time. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE OFFICIAL .— 
Whenever the Secretary of Defense makes a de-termination under subsection (a)(1) that the ac-quisition of a capability is in the vital national security interest of the United States, the Sec-retary shall designate a senior official of the De-partment of Defense who shall be personally re-sponsible and accountable for the rapid and ef-fective acquisition and deployment of the need-ed capability. The Secretary shall provide the designated official such authority as the Sec-retary determines necessary to achieve this ob-jective, and may use the waiver authority in subsection (a) for this purpose. 
(c) A
CQUISITION LAWS AND REGULATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon a determination de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Secretary of De-fense is authorized to waive any provision of law or regulation addressing— 
(A) the establishment of a requirement or 
specification for the capability to be acquired; 
(B) research, development, test, and evalua-
tion of the capability to be acquired; 
(C) production, fielding, and sustainment of 
the capability to be acquired; or 
(D) solicitation, selection of sources, and 
award of contracts for the capability to be ac-quired. 
(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this subsection 
authorizes the waiver of— 
(A) the requirements of this section; (B) any provision of law imposing civil or 
criminal penalties; or 
(C) any provision of law governing the proper 
expenditure of appropriated funds. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees at least 30 days before exercising the waiver authority under subsection (a). Each such notice shall include— 
(1) an explanation of the basis for determining 
that the acquisition of the capability is in the vital national security interest of the United States; 
(2) an identification of each provision of law 
or regulation to be waived; and 
(3) for each provision identified pursuant to 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) an explanation of why the application of 
the provision would impede the acquisition in a manner that would undermine the national se-curity of the United States; and 
(B) a description of the time or manner in 
which the underlying purpose of the law or reg-ulation to be waived will be addressed. 
(e) N
ONDELEGATION .—The authority of the 
Secretary to waive provisions of laws and regu-lations under subsection (a) is nondelegable. 
SEC. 807. ACQUISITION AUTHORITY OF THE COM-
MANDER OF UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commander of the 
United States Cyber Command shall be respon-sible for, and shall have the authority to con-duct, the following acquisition activities: 
(A) Development and acquisition of cyber op-
erations-peculiar equipment and capabilities. 
(B) Acquisition and sustainment of cyber ca-
pability-peculiar equipment, capabilities, and services. 
(2) A
CQUISITION FUNCTIONS .—Subject to the 
authority, direction, and control of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Commander shall have authority to exercise the functions of the head 
of an agency under chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) C
OMMAND ACQUISITION EXECUTIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The staff of the Commander 
shall include a command acquisition executive, who shall be responsible for the overall super-vision of acquisition matters for the United States Cyber Command. The command acquisi-tion executive shall have the authority— 
(A) to negotiate memoranda of agreement with 
the military departments and Department of De-fense components to carry out the acquisition of equipment, capabilities, and services described in subsection (a)(1) on behalf of the Command; 
(B) to supervise the acquisition of equipment, 
capabilities, and services described in subsection (a)(1); 
(C) to represent the Command in discussions 
with the military departments regarding acquisi-tion programs for which the Command is a cus-tomer; and 
(D) to work with the military departments to 
ensure that the Command is appropriately rep-resented in any joint working group or inte-grated product team regarding acquisition pro-grams for which the Command is a customer. 
(2) D
ELIVERY OF ACQUISITION SOLUTIONS .— 
The command acquisition executive of the United States Cyber Command shall be— 
(A) responsible to the Commander for rapidly 
delivering acquisition solutions to meet vali-dated cyber operations-peculiar requirements; 
(B) subordinate to the defense acquisition ex-
ecutive in matters of acquisition; 
(C) subject to the same oversight as the service 
acquisition executives; and 
(D) included on the distribution list for acqui-
sition directives and instructions of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(c) A
CQUISITION PERSONNEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide the United States Cyber Command with the personnel or funding equivalent to ten full-time equivalent personnel to support the Commander in fulfilling the acquisition respon-sibilities provided for under this section with ex-perience in— 
(A) program acquisition; (B) the Joint Capabilities Integration and De-
velopment System Process; 
(C) program management; (D) system engineering; and (E) costing. (2) E
XISTING PERSONNEL .—The personnel pro-
vided under this subsection shall be provided from among the existing personnel of the De-partment of Defense. 
(d) B
UDGET .—In addition to the activities of a 
combatant command for which funding may be requested under section 166 of title 10, United States Code, the budget proposal of the United States Cyber Command shall include requests for funding for— 
(1) development and acquisition of cyber oper-
ations-peculiar equipment; and 
(2) acquisition and sustainment of other capa-
bilities or services that are peculiar to cyber op-erations activities. 
(e) C
YBER OPERATIONS PROCUREMENT FUND.— 
In exercising the authority granted in sub-section (a), the Commander may not obligate or expend more than $75,000,000 out of the funds made available in each fiscal year from 2016 through 2021 to support acquisition activities provided for under this section. 
(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING INTEL-
LIGENCE AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to constitute au-thority to conduct any activity which, if carried out as an intelligence activity by the Depart-ment of Defense, would require a notice to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.). 
(g) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN REQUIRED .—The 
authority granted in subsection (a) shall become 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6384 September 29, 2015 
effective 30 days after the date on which the 
Secretary of Defense provides to the congres-sional defense committees a plan for implemen-tation of those authorities under subsection (a). The plan shall include the following: 
(1) A Department of Defense definition of— (A) cyber operations-peculiar equipment and 
capabilities; and 
(B) cyber capability-peculiar equipment, capa-
bilities, and services. 
(2) Summaries of the components to be nego-
tiated in the memorandum of agreements with the military departments and other Department of Defense components to carry out the develop-ment, acquisition, and sustainment of equip-ment, capabilities, and services described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1). 
(3) Memorandum of agreement negotiation 
and approval timelines. 
(4) Plan for oversight of the command acquisi-
tion executive established in subsection (b). 
(5) Assessment of the acquisition workforce 
needs of the United States Cyber Command to support the authority in subsection (a) until 2021. 
(6) Other matters as appropriate. (h) A
NNUAL END-OF-YEAR ASSESSMENT .—Each 
year, the Cyber Investment Management Board shall review and assess the acquisition activities of the United States Cyber Command, including contracting and acquisition documentation, for the previous fiscal year, and provide any rec-ommendations or feedback to the acquisition ex-ecutive of Cyber Command. 
(i) S
UNSET .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority under this 
section shall terminate on September 30, 2021. 
(2) L IMITATION ON DURATION OF ACQUISI -
TIONS .—The authority under this section does 
not include major defense acquisition programs, major automated information system programs, or acquisitions of foundational infrastructure or software architectures the duration of which is expected to last more than five years. 
SEC. 808. REPORT ON LINKING AND STREAM-
LINING REQUIREMENTS, ACQUISI-TION, AND BUDGET PROCESSES WITHIN ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts to link and streamline the re-quirements, acquisition, and budget processes within the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—Each report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A specific description of— (A) the management actions the Chief con-
cerned or the Commandant has taken or plans to take to link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes of the Armed Force concerned; 
(B) any reorganization or process changes 
that will link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes of the Armed Force concerned; and 
(C) any cross-training or professional develop-
ment initiatives of the Chief concerned or the Commandant. 
(2) For each description under paragraph 
(1)— 
(A) the specific timeline associated with imple-
mentation; 
(B) the anticipated outcomes once imple-
mented; and 
(C) how to measure whether or not those out-
comes are realized. 
(3) Any other matters the Chief concerned or 
the Commandant considers appropriate. 
SEC. 809. ADVISORY PANEL ON STREAMLINING 
AND CODIFYING ACQUISITION REGU-LATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish under the 
sponsorship of the Defense Acquisition Univer-sity and the National Defense University an ad-visory panel on streamlining acquisition regula-tions. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The panel shall be com-
posed of at least nine individuals who are recog-nized experts in acquisition and procurement policy. In making appointments to the advisory panel, the Under Secretary shall ensure that the members of the panel reflect diverse experiences in the public and private sectors. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The panel shall— 
(1) review the acquisition regulations applica-
ble to the Department of Defense with a view to-ward streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the defense acquisition process and maintaining defense technology ad-vantage; and 
(2) make any recommendations for the amend-
ment or repeal of such regulations that the panel considers necessary, as a result of such re-view, to— 
(A) establish and administer appropriate 
buyer and seller relationships in the procure-ment system; 
(B) improve the functioning of the acquisition 
system; 
(C) ensure the continuing financial and eth-
ical integrity of defense procurement programs; 
(D) protect the best interests of the Depart-
ment of Defense; and 
(E) eliminate any regulations that are unnec-
essary for the purposes described in subpara-graphs (A) through (D). 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide the advisory panel established pursuant to subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the advisory panel may conduct a thorough and independent assessment as re-quired under such subsection. 
(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The require-
ments of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the advisory panel established pursuant to subsection (a). 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
(1) P ANEL REPORT .—Not later than two years 
after the date on which the Secretary of Defense establishes the advisory panel, the panel shall 
transmit a final report to the Secretary. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The final report shall contain 
a detailed statement of the findings and conclu-sions of the panel, including— 
(A) a history of each current acquisition regu-
lation and a recommendation as to whether the regulation and related law (if applicable) should be retained, modified, or repealed; and 
(B) such additional recommendations for leg-
islation as the panel considers appropriate. 
(3) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—(A) Not later than 6 
months and 18 months after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to or brief the congres-sional defense committees on the interim find-ings of the panel with respect to the elements set forth in paragraph (2). 
(B) The panel shall provide regular updates to 
the Secretary of Defense for purposes of pro-viding the interim reports required under this paragraph. 
(4) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after receiving the final report of the advisory panel, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit the final report, together with such comments as the Secretary determines appropriate, to the congressional defense committees. 
(f) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVEL-
OPMENT FUNDSUPPORT .—The Secretary of De-
fense may use amounts available in the Depart-ment of Defense Acquisition Workforce Develop-ment Fund established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, to support activities of the advisory panel under this section. 
SEC. 810. REVIEW OF TIME-BASED REQUIRE-
MENTS PROCESS AND BUDGETING AND ACQUISITION SYSTEMS. 
(a) T IME-BASED REQUIREMENTS PROCESS .—The 
Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall review the require-
ments process with the goal of establishing an agile and streamlined system that develops re-quirements that provide stability and foundational direction for acquisition programs and shall determine the advisability of pro-viding a time-based or phased distinction be-tween capabilities needed to be deployed ur-gently, within 2 years, within 5 years, and longer than 5 years. 
(b) B
UDGETING AND ACQUISITION SYSTEMS .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall review and en-sure that the acquisition and budgeting systems are structured to meet time-based or phased re-quirements in a manner that is predictable, cost effective, and efficient and takes advantage of emerging technological developments. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations 
SEC. 811. AMENDMENT RELATING TO MULTIYEAR 
CONTRACT AUTHORITY FOR ACQUI-SITION OF PROPERTY. 
Subsection (a)(1) and subsection (i)(4) of sec-
tion 2306b of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘substantial’’ and in-serting ‘‘significant’’. 
SEC. 812. APPLICABILITY OF COST AND PRICING 
DATA AND CERTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Section 2306a(b)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) to the extent such data— ‘‘(i) relates to an offset agreement in connec-
tion with a contract for the sale of a weapon system or defense-related item to a foreign coun-try or foreign firm; and 
‘‘(ii) does not relate to a contract or sub-
contract under the offset agreement for work performed in such foreign country or by such foreign firm that is directly related to the weap-on system or defense-related item being pur-chased under the contract.’’. 
SEC. 813. RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA. 
(a) R IGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATARELATING TO  
MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .—Paragraph (2) of sec-
tion 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) In the case of a challenge to a use or re-
lease restriction that is asserted with respect to technical data of a contractor or subcontractor for a major system or a subsystem or component thereof on the basis that the major weapon sys-tem, subsystem, or component was developed ex-clusively at private expense— 
‘‘(A) the presumption in paragraph (1) shall 
apply— 
‘‘(i) with regard to a commercial subsystem or 
component of a major system, if the major sys-tem was acquired as a commercial item in ac-cordance with section 2379(a) of this title; 
‘‘(ii) with regard to a component of a sub-
system, if the subsystem was acquired as a com-mercial item in accordance with section 2379(b) of this title; and 
‘‘(iii) with regard to any other component, if 
the component is a commercially available off- the-shelf item or a commercially available off- the-shelf item with modifications of a type cus-tomarily available in the commercial market-place or minor modifications made to meet Fed-eral Government requirements; and 
‘‘(B) in all other cases, the challenge to the 
use or release restriction shall be sustained un-less information provided by the contractor or subcontractor demonstrates that the item was developed exclusively at private expense.’’. 
(b) G
OVERNMENT -INDUSTRY ADVISORY  
PANEL.— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6385 September 29, 2015 
Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, shall establish a Govern-ment-industry advisory panel for the purpose of reviewing sections 2320 and 2321 of title 10, United States Code, regarding rights in tech-nical data and the validation of proprietary data restrictions and the regulations imple-menting such sections, for the purpose of ensur-ing that such statutory and regulatory require-ments are best structured to serve the interests of the taxpayers and the national defense. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The panel shall be chaired 
by an individual selected by the Under Sec-retary, and the Under Secretary shall ensure that— 
(A) the government members of the advisory 
panel are knowledgeable about technical data issues and appropriately represent the three military departments, as well as the legal, ac-quisition, logistics, and research and develop-ment communities in the Department of Defense; and 
(B) the private sector members of the advisory 
panel include independent experts and individ-uals appropriately representative of the diver-sity of interested parties, including large and small businesses, traditional and non-tradi-tional government contractors, prime contrac-tors and subcontractors, suppliers of hardware and software, and institutions of higher edu-cation. 
(3) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—In conducting the re-
view required by paragraph (1), the advisory panel shall give appropriate consideration to the following factors: 
(A) Ensuring that the Department of Defense 
does not pay more than once for the same work. 
(B) Ensuring that Department of Defense con-
tractors are appropriately rewarded for their in-novation and invention. 
(C) Providing for cost-effective reprocurement, 
sustainment, modification, and upgrades to De-partment of Defense systems. 
(D) Encouraging the private sector to invest in 
new products, technologies, and processes rel-evant to the missions of the Department of De-fense. 
(E) Ensuring that the Department of Defense 
has appropriate access to innovative products, technologies, and processes developed by the private sector for commercial use. 
(4) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than September 
30, 2016, the advisory panel shall submit its final report and recommendations to the Secretary of Defense. Not later than 60 days after receiving the report, the Secretary shall submit a copy of the report, together with any comments or rec-ommendations, to the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 814. PROCUREMENT OF SUPPLIES FOR EX-
PERIMENTAL PURPOSES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY .— 
Subsection (a) of section 2373 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘transpor-tation, energy, medical, space-flight,’’ before ‘‘and aeronautical supplies’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CHAPTER 137 OFTITLE 
10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Subsection (b) of 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantity’’ and in-serting ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantities greater than necessary for experimen-tation, technical evaluation, assessment of oper-ational utility, or safety or to provide a residual operational capability’’. 
SEC. 815. AMENDMENTS TO OTHER TRANSACTION 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE TOCARRY OUTCERTAIN PROTOTYPE  
PROJECTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2371a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2371b. Authority of the Department of De-
fense to carry out certain prototype projects 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—(1) Subject to paragraph 
(2), the Director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency, the Secretary of a mili-
tary department, or any other official des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense may, under the authority of section 2371 of this title, carry out prototype projects that are directly relevant to enhancing the mission effectiveness of mili-tary personnel and the supporting platforms, systems, components, or materials proposed to be acquired or developed by the Department of De-fense, or to improvement of platforms, systems, components, or materials in use by the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The authority of this section— ‘‘(A) may be exercised for a prototype project 
that is expected to cost the Department of De-fense in excess of $50,000,000 but not in excess of $250,000,000 (including all options) only upon a written determination by the senior procurement executive for the agency as designated for the purpose of section 1702(c) of title 41, or, for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency or the Missile Defense Agency, the director of the agency that— 
‘‘(i) the requirements of subsection (d) will be 
met; and 
‘‘(ii) the use of the authority of this section is 
essential to promoting the success of the proto-type project; and 
‘‘(B) may be exercised for a prototype project 
that is expected to cost the Department of De-fense in excess of $250,000,000 (including all op-tions) only if— 
‘‘(i) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics determines in writing that— 
‘‘(I) the requirements of subsection (d) will be 
met; and 
‘‘(II) the use of the authority of this section is 
essential to meet critical national security objec-tives; and 
‘‘(ii) the congressional defense committees are 
notified in writing at least 30 days before such authority is exercised. 
‘‘(3) The authority of a senior procurement ex-
ecutive or director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency or Missile Defense Agen-cy under paragraph (2)(A), and the authority of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics under paragraph (2)(B), may not be delegated. 
‘‘(b) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) Subsections (e)(1)(B) and (e)(2) of such 
section 2371 shall not apply to projects carried out under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) To the maximum extent practicable, com-
petitive procedures shall be used when entering into agreements to carry out projects under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ACCESS TO IN-
FORMATION .—(1) Each agreement entered into 
by an official referred to in subsection (a) to carry out a project under that subsection that provides for payments in a total amount in ex-cess of $5,000,000 shall include a clause that pro-vides for the Comptroller General, in the discre-tion of the Comptroller General, to examine the records of any party to the agreement or any entity that participates in the performance of the agreement. 
‘‘(2) The requirement in paragraph (1) shall 
not apply with respect to a party or entity, or a subordinate element of a party or entity, that has not entered into any other agreement that provides for audit access by a Government enti-ty in the year prior to the date of the agreement. 
‘‘(3)(A) The right provided to the Comptroller 
General in a clause of an agreement under para-graph (1) is limited as provided in subparagraph (B) in the case of a party to the agreement, an entity that participates in the performance of the agreement, or a subordinate element of that party or entity if the only agreements or other transactions that the party, entity, or subordi-nate element entered into with Government enti-ties in the year prior to the date of that agree-ment are cooperative agreements or transactions that were entered into under this section or sec-tion 2371 of this title. ‘‘(B) The only records of a party, other entity, 
or subordinate element referred to in subpara-graph (A) that the Comptroller General may ex-amine in the exercise of the right referred to in that subparagraph are records of the same type as the records that the Government has had the right to examine under the audit access clauses of the previous agreements or transactions re-ferred to in such subparagraph that were en-tered into by that particular party, entity, or subordinate element. 
‘‘(4) The head of the contracting activity that 
is carrying out the agreement may waive the ap-plicability of the requirement in paragraph (1) to the agreement if the head of the contracting activity determines that it would not be in the public interest to apply the requirement to the agreement. The waiver shall be effective with re-spect to the agreement only if the head of the contracting activity transmits a notification of the waiver to Congress and the Comptroller General before entering into the agreement. The notification shall include the rationale for the determination. 
‘‘(5) The Comptroller General may not exam-
ine records pursuant to a clause included in an agreement under paragraph (1) more than three years after the final payment is made by the United States under the agreement. 
‘‘(d) A
PPROPRIATE USE OF AUTHORITY .—(1) 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that no official of an agency enters into a transaction 
(other than a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement) for a prototype project under the au-thority of this section unless one of the fol-lowing conditions is met: 
‘‘(A) There is at least one nontraditional de-
fense contractor participating to a significant extent in the prototype project. 
‘‘(B) All significant participants in the trans-
action other than the Federal Government are small businesses or nontraditional defense con-tractors. 
‘‘(C) At least one third of the total cost of the 
prototype project is to be paid out of funds pro-vided by parties to the transaction other than the Federal Government. 
‘‘(D) The senior procurement executive for the 
agency determines in writing that exceptional circumstances justify the use of a transaction that provides for innovative business arrange-ments or structures that would not be feasible or appropriate under a contract, or would provide an opportunity to expand the defense supply base in a manner that would not be practical or feasible under a contract. 
‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the amounts counted for the purposes of this subsection as being provided, or to be pro-vided, by a party to a transaction with respect to a prototype project that is entered into under this section other than the Federal Government do not include costs that were incurred before the date on which the transaction becomes ef-fective. 
‘‘(B) Costs that were incurred for a prototype 
project by a party after the beginning of nego-tiations resulting in a transaction (other than a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement) with respect to the project before the date on which the transaction becomes effective may be count-ed for purposes of this subsection as being pro-vided, or to be provided, by the party to the transaction if and to the extent that the official responsible for entering into the transaction de-termines in writing that— 
‘‘(i) the party incurred the costs in anticipa-
tion of entering into the transaction; and 
‘‘(ii) it was appropriate for the party to incur 
the costs before the transaction became effective in order to ensure the successful implementation of the transaction. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘nontraditional defense con-
tractor’ has the meaning given the term under section 2302(9) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘small business’ means a small 
business concern as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6386 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(f) F OLLOW -ONPRODUCTION CONTRACTS OR  
TRANSACTIONS .—(1) A transaction entered into 
under this section for a prototype project may provide for the award of a follow-on production contract or transaction to the participants in the transaction. 
‘‘(2) A follow-on production contract or trans-
action provided for in a transaction under para-graph (1) may be awarded to the participants in the transaction without the use of competitive procedures, notwithstanding the requirements of section 2304 of this title, if— 
‘‘(A) competitive procedures were used for the 
selection of parties for participation in the transaction; and 
‘‘(B) the participants in the transaction suc-
cessfully completed the prototype project pro-vided for in the transaction. 
‘‘(3) Contracts and transactions entered into 
pursuant to this subsection may be awarded using the authority in subsection (a), under the authority of chapter 137 of this title, or under such procedures, terms, and conditions as the Secretary of Defense may establish by regula-tion. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY TOPROVIDE PROTOTYPES AND  
FOLLOW -ONPRODUCTION ITEMS AS GOVERN -
MENT -FURNISHED EQUIPMENT .—An agreement 
entered into pursuant to the authority of sub-section (a) or a follow-on contract or trans-action entered into pursuant to the authority of subsection (f) may provide for prototypes or fol-low-on production items to be provided to an-other contractor as Government-furnished equipment. 
‘‘(h) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCUREMENT ETHICS  
REQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered into 
under the authority of this section shall be treated as a Federal agency procurement for the purposes of chapter 21 of title 41.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2371a the following new item: 
‘‘2371b. Authority of the Department of Defense 
to carry out certain prototype projects.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION TO DEFINITION OF NON-
TRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRACTOR .—Section 
2302(9) of such title is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘nontraditional defense con-
tractor’, with respect to a procurement or with respect to a transaction authorized under sec-tion 2371(a) or 2371b of this title, means an enti-ty that is not currently performing and has not performed, for at least the one-year period pre-ceding the solicitation of sources by the Depart-ment of Defense for the procurement or trans-action, any contract or subcontract for the De-partment of Defense that is subject to full cov-erage under the cost accounting standards pre-scribed pursuant to section 1502 of title 41 and the regulations implementing such section.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Section 
845 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note) is hereby repealed. Trans-actions entered into under the authority of such section 845 shall remain in force and effect and shall be modified as appropriate to reflect the amendments made by this section. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Subparagraph (B) of section 1601(c)(1) 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) sections 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United 
States Code.’’. 
(e) U
PDATED GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue updated guidance to implement the amendments made by this section. 
(f) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees an assessment 
of— 
(1) the benefits and risks of permitting not- 
for-profit defense contractors to be awarded transaction agreements under section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, for the purposes of cost-sharing requirements of subsection (d)(1)(C) of such section; and 
(2) the benefits and risks of removing the cost- 
sharing requirements of subsection (d)(1)(C) of such section in their entirety. 
SEC. 816. AMENDMENT TO ACQUISITION THRESH-
OLD FOR SPECIAL EMERGENCY PRO-CUREMENT AUTHORITY. 
Section 1903(b)(2) of title 41, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$750,000’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
SEC. 817. REVISION OF METHOD OF ROUNDING 
WHEN MAKING INFLATION ADJUST-MENT OF ACQUISITION-RELATED DOLLAR THRESHOLDS. 
Section 1908(e)(2) of title 41, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘on the day before the adjustment’’ and inserting ‘‘as calculated under paragraph (1)’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (C); and 
(3) by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting 
the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(D) not less than $1,000,000, but less than 
$10,000,000, to the nearest $500,000; 
‘‘(E) not less than $10,000,000, but less than 
$100,000,000, to the nearest $5,000,000; 
‘‘(F) not less than $100,000,000, but less than 
$1,000,000,000, to the nearest $50,000,000; and 
‘‘(G) $1,000,000,000 or more, to the nearest 
$500,000,000.’’. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Major 
Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 821. ACQUISITION STRATEGY REQUIRED FOR 
EACH MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM, MAJOR AUTOMATED IN-FORMATION SYSTEM, AND MAJOR SYSTEM. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF REQUIREMENTS RELAT-
ING TO ACQUISITION STRATEGY .— 
(1) N EW TITLE 10 SECTION .—Chapter 144 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2431a. Acquisition strategy 
‘‘(a) A
CQUISITION STRATEGY REQUIRED .— 
There shall be an acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program, each major automated information system, and each major system approved by a milestone decision author-ity. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBLE OFFICIAL .—For each acqui-
sition strategy required by subsection (a), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics is responsible for issuing and maintaining the requirements for— 
‘‘(1) the content of the strategy; and ‘‘(2) the review and approval process for the 
strategy. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—(1) In issuing require-
ments for the content of an acquisition strategy for a major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, or major system, the Under Secretary shall ensure that— 
‘‘(A) the strategy clearly describes the pro-
posed top-level business and technical manage-ment approach for the program or system, in sufficient detail to allow the milestone decision authority to assess the viability of the proposed approach, the method of implementing laws and policies, and program objectives; 
‘‘(B) the strategy contains a clear explanation 
of how the strategy is designed to be imple-mented with available resources, such as time, funding, and management capacity; 
‘‘(C) the strategy is tailored to address pro-
gram requirements and constraints; and ‘‘(D) the strategy considers the items listed in 
paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) Each strategy shall, where appropriate, 
consider the following: 
‘‘(A) An approach that delivers required capa-
bility in increments, each depending on avail-able mature technology, and that recognizes up front the need for future capability improve-ments. 
‘‘(B) Acquisition approach, including indus-
trial base considerations in accordance with sec-tion 2440 of this title. 
‘‘(C) Risk management, including such meth-
ods as competitive prototyping at the system, subsystem, or component level, in accordance with section 2431b of this title. 
‘‘(D) Business strategy, including measures to 
ensure competition at the system and subsystem level throughout the life-cycle of the program or system in accordance with section 2337 of this title. 
‘‘(E) Contracting strategy, including— ‘‘(i) contract type and how the type selected 
relates to level of program risk in each acquisi-tion phase; 
‘‘(ii) how the plans for the program or system 
to reduce risk enable the use of fixed-price ele-ments in subsequent contracts and the timing of the use of those fixed price elements; 
‘‘(iii) market research; and ‘‘(iv) consideration of small business partici-
pation. 
‘‘(F) Intellectual property strategy in accord-
ance with section 2320 of this title. 
‘‘(G) International involvement, including for-
eign military sales and cooperative opportuni-ties, in accordance with section 2350a of this title. 
‘‘(H) Multiyear procurement in accordance 
with section 2306b of this title. 
‘‘(I) Integration of current intelligence assess-
ments into the acquisition process. 
‘‘(J) Requirements related to logistics, mainte-
nance, and sustainment in accordance with sec-tions 2464 and 2466 of this title. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—(1) Subject to the authority, di-
rection, and control of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, the milestone decision authority shall re-view and approve, as appropriate, the acquisi-tion strategy for a major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, or major system at each of the following times: 
‘‘(A) Milestone A approval. ‘‘(B) The decision to release the request for 
proposals for development of the program or sys-tem. 
‘‘(C) Milestone B approval. ‘‘(D) Each subsequent milestone. ‘‘(E) Review of any decision to enter into full- 
rate production. 
‘‘(F) When there has been— ‘‘(i) a significant change to the cost of the 
program or system; 
‘‘(ii) a critical change to the cost of the pro-
gram or system; 
‘‘(iii) a significant change to the schedule of 
the program or system; or 
‘‘(iv) a significant change to the performance 
of the program or system. 
‘‘(G) Any other time considered relevant by 
the milestone decision authority. 
‘‘(2) If the milestone decision authority revises 
an acquisition strategy for a program or system, the milestone decision authority shall provide notice of the revision to the congressional de-fense committees. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition pro-
gram’ has the meaning provided in section 2430 of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘major system’ has the meaning 
provided in section 2302(5) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘Milestone A approval’ means a 
decision to enter into technology maturation and risk reduction pursuant to guidance pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense for the man-agement of Department of Defense acquisition programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6387 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone B approval’ has the 
meaning provided in section 2366(e)(7) of this title. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘milestone decision authority’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram, major automated information system, or major system, means the official within the De-partment of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisition deci-sions for the program or system, including au-thority to approve entry of the program or sys-tem into the next phase of the acquisition proc-ess. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘management capacity’, with re-
spect to a major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, or major system, means the capacity to manage the pro-gram or system through the use of highly quali-fied organizations and personnel with appro-priate experience, knowledge, and skills. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘significant change to the cost’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram or major system, means a significant cost growth threshold, as that term is defined in sec-tion 2433(a)(4) of this title. 
‘‘(8) The term ‘critical change to the cost’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram or major system, means a critical cost growth threshold, as that term is defined in sec-tion 2433(a)(5) of this title. 
‘‘(9) The term ‘significant change to the 
schedule’, with respect to a major defense acqui-sition program, major automated information system, or major system, means any schedule delay greater than six months in a reported event.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2431 the following new item: 
‘‘2431a. Acquisition strategy.’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 2350a(e) of such title is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘D
OCUMENT ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Under 
Secretary of Defense for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘opportu-nities for such cooperative research and devel-opment shall be addressed in the acquisition strategy for the project’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘document’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-
cussion’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘include’’ and inserting ‘‘con-
sider’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘A state-
ment indicating whether’’ and inserting ‘‘Whether’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘by the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of the United States under 
consideration by the Department of Defense’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘The 
recommendation of the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘A recommendation to the milestone decision authority’’. 
(2) Section 803 of the Bob Stump National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 822. REVISION TO REQUIREMENTS RELAT-
ING TO RISK MANAGEMENT IN DE-VELOPMENT OF MAJOR DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS AND MAJOR SYSTEMS. 
(a) R ISKMANAGEMENT AND MITIGATION RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 144 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431a (as added by section 821) the following new section: ‘‘§ 2431b. Risk management and mitigation in 
major defense acquisition programs and major systems 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that the initial acquisition strategy (required under section 2431a of this title) ap-proved by the milestone decision authority and any subsequent revisions include the following: 
‘‘(1) A comprehensive approach for managing 
and mitigating risk (including technical, cost, and schedule risk) during each of the following periods or when determined appropriate by the milestone decision authority: 
‘‘(A) The period preceding engineering manu-
facturing development, or its equivalent. 
‘‘(B) The period preceding initial production. ‘‘(C) The period preceding full-rate produc-
tion. 
‘‘(2) An identification of the major sources of 
risk in each of the periods listed in paragraph (1) to improve programmatic decisionmaking and appropriately minimize and manage program concurrency. 
‘‘(b) A
PPROACH TO MANAGE AND MITIGATE  
RISKS.—The comprehensive approach to manage 
and mitigate risk included in the acquisition strategy for purposes of subsection (a)(1) shall, at a minimum, include consideration of risk mitigation techniques such as the following: 
‘‘(1) Prototyping (including prototyping at the 
system, subsystem, or component level and com-petitive prototyping, where appropriate) and, if prototyping at either the system, subsystem, or component level is not used, an explanation of why it is not appropriate. 
‘‘(2) Modeling and simulation, the areas that 
modeling and simulation will assess, and identi-fication of the need for development of any new modeling and simulation tools in order to sup-port the comprehensive strategy. 
‘‘(3) Technology demonstrations and decision 
points for disciplined transition of planned tech-nologies into programs or the selection of alter-native technologies. 
‘‘(4) Multiple design approaches. ‘‘(5) Alternative designs, including any de-
signs that meet requirements but do so with re-duced performance. 
‘‘(6) Phasing of program activities or related 
technology development efforts in order to ad-dress high-risk areas as early as feasible. 
‘‘(7) Manufacturability and industrial base 
availability. 
‘‘(8) Independent risk element assessments by 
outside subject matter experts. 
‘‘(9) Schedule and funding margins for identi-
fied risks. 
‘‘(c) P
REFERENCE FOR PROTOTYPING .—To the 
maximum extent practicable and consistent with the economical use of available financial re-sources, the milestone decision authority for each major defense acquisition program shall ensure that the acquisition strategy for the pro-gram provides for— 
‘‘(1) the production of competitive prototypes 
at the system or subsystem level before Milestone B approval; or 
‘‘(2) if the production of competitive proto-
types is not practicable, the production of single prototypes at the system or subsystem level. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘major defense acquisition program’ and ‘major system’ have the meanings provided in section 2431a of this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2431a, as so added, the following new item: 
‘‘2431b. Risk reduction in major defense acquisi-
tion programs and major sys-tems.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROVISION .—Sec-
tion 203 of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Re-form Act of 2009 (10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is re-pealed. SEC. 823. REVISION OF MILESTONE A DECISION 
AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISION TO MILESTONE A REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 2366a of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: 
determination required before Milestone A approval 
‘‘(a) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Before granting Mile-
stone A approval for a major defense acquisition program or a major subprogram, the milestone decision authority for the program or subpro-gram shall ensure that— 
‘‘(1) information about the program or subpro-
gram is sufficient to warrant entry of the pro-gram or subprogram into the risk reduction phase; 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of the military department 
concerned and the Chief of the armed force con-cerned concur in the cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program; and 
‘‘(3) there are sound plans for progression of 
the program or subprogram to the development phase. 
‘‘(b) W
RITTEN DETERMINATION REQUIRED .—A 
major defense acquisition program or subpro-gram may not receive Milestone A approval or otherwise be initiated prior to Milestone B ap-proval until the milestone decision authority de-termines in writing, after consultation with the Joint Requirements Oversight Council on mat-ters related to program requirements and mili-tary needs— 
‘‘(1) that the program fulfills an approved ini-
tial capabilities document; 
‘‘(2) that the program has been developed in 
light of appropriate market research; 
‘‘(3) if the program duplicates a capability al-
ready provided by an existing system, the dupli-cation provided by such program is necessary and appropriate; 
‘‘(4) that, with respect to any identified areas 
of risk, there is a plan to reduce the risk; 
‘‘(5) that planning for sustainment has been 
addressed and that a determination of applica-bility of core logistics capabilities requirements has been made; 
‘‘(6) that an analysis of alternatives has been 
performed consistent with study guidance devel-oped by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation; 
‘‘(7) that a cost estimate for the program has 
been submitted, with the concurrence of the Di-rector of Cost Assessment and Program Evalua-tion, and that the level of resources required to develop, procure, and sustain the program is sufficient for successful program execution; and 
‘‘(8) that the program or subprogram meets 
any other considerations the milestone decision authority considers relevant. 
‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—At the request 
of any of the congressional defense committees, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the committee an explanation of the basis for a de-termination made under subsection (b) with re-spect to a major defense acquisition program, to-gether with a copy of the written determination. The explanation shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition pro-
gram’ has the meaning provided in section 2430 of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘initial capabilities document’ 
means any capabilities requirement document approved by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council that establishes the need for a materiel approach to resolve a capability gap. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘Milestone A approval’ means a 
decision to enter into technology maturation and risk reduction pursuant to guidance pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense for the man-agement of Department of Defense acquisition programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6388 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone B approval’ has the 
meaning provided that term in section 2366(e)(7) of this title. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘core logistics capabilities’ 
means the core logistics capabilities identified under section 2464(a) of this title. 
‘‘(6) the term ‘major subprogram’ means a 
major subprogram of a major defense acquisition program designated under section 2430a(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘milestone decision authority’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram or a major subprogram, means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisition decisions for the program or subpro-gram, including authority to approve entry of the program or subprogram into the next phase of the acquisition process.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366a and inserting the following: 
‘‘2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: de-
termination required before Mile-stone A approval.’’. 
SEC. 824. REVISION OF MILESTONE B DECISION 
AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISION TO MILESTONE B R EQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 2366b of title 10, United Stated 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2366b. Major defense acquisition programs: 
certification required before Milestone B ap-proval 
‘‘(a) C
ERTIFICATIONS AND DETERMINATION RE-
QUIRED .—A major defense acquisition program 
may not receive Milestone B approval until the milestone decision authority— 
‘‘(1) has received a preliminary design review 
and conducted a formal post-preliminary design review assessment, and certifies on the basis of such assessment that the program demonstrates a high likelihood of accomplishing its intended mission; 
‘‘(2) further certifies that the technology in 
the program has been demonstrated in a rel-evant environment, as determined by the mile-stone decision authority on the basis of an inde-pendent review and assessment by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing, in consultation with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation; 
‘‘(3) determines in writing that— ‘‘(A) the program is affordable when consid-
ering the ability of the Department of Defense to accomplish the program’s mission using alter-native systems; 
‘‘(B) appropriate trade-offs among cost, 
schedule, technical feasibility, and performance objectives have been made to ensure that the program is affordable when considering the per unit cost and the total acquisition cost in the context of the total resources available during the period covered by the future-years defense program submitted during the fiscal year in which the certification is made; 
‘‘(C) reasonable cost and schedule estimates 
have been developed to execute, with the con-currence of the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, the product development and production plan under the program; and 
‘‘(D) funding is available to execute the prod-
uct development and production plan under the program, through the period covered by the fu-ture-years defense program submitted during the fiscal year in which the certification is made, consistent with the estimates described in sub-paragraph (C) for the program; 
‘‘(E) appropriate market research has been 
conducted prior to technology development to reduce duplication of existing technology and products; 
‘‘(F) the Department of Defense has completed 
an analysis of alternatives with respect to the program; ‘‘(G) the Joint Requirements Oversight Coun-
cil has accomplished its duties with respect to the program pursuant to section 181(b) of this title, including an analysis of the operational requirements for the program; 
‘‘(H) life-cycle sustainment planning, includ-
ing corrosion prevention and mitigation plan-ning, has identified and evaluated relevant sustainment costs throughout development, pro-duction, operation, sustainment, and disposal of the program, and any alternatives, and that such costs are reasonable and have been accu-rately estimated; 
‘‘(I) an estimate has been made of the require-
ments for core logistics capabilities and the asso-ciated sustaining workloads required to support such requirements; 
‘‘(J) there is a plan to mitigate and account 
for any costs in connection with any antici-pated de-certification of cryptographic systems and components during the production and pro-curement of the major defense acquisition pro-gram to be acquired; 
‘‘(K) the program complies with all relevant 
policies, regulations, and directives of the De-partment of Defense; and 
‘‘(L) the Secretary of the military department 
concerned and the Chief of the armed force con-cerned concur in the trade-offs made in accord-ance with subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(4) in the case of a space system, performs a 
cost benefit analysis for any new or follow-on satellite system using a dedicated ground con-trol system instead of a shared ground control system, except that no cost benefit analysis is required to be performed under this paragraph for any Milestone B approval of a space system after December 31, 2019. 
‘‘(b) C
HANGES TO CERTIFICATIONS OR DETER-
MINATION .—(1) The program manager for a 
major defense acquisition program that has re-ceived certifications or a determination under subsection (a) shall immediately notify the mile-stone decision authority of any changes to the program or a designated major subprogram of such program that— 
‘‘(A) alter the substantive basis for the certifi-
cations or determination of the milestone deci-sion authority relating to any component of such certifications or determination specified in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a); or 
‘‘(B) otherwise cause the program or subpro-
gram to deviate significantly from the material provided to the milestone decision authority in support of such certifications or determination. 
‘‘(2) Upon receipt of information under para-
graph (1), the milestone decision authority may withdraw the certifications or determination concerned or rescind Milestone B approval if the milestone decision authority determines that such certifications, determination, or approval are no longer valid. 
‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—(1) The cer-
tifications and determination under subsection (a) with respect to a major defense acquisition program shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees with the first Selected Acqui-sition Report submitted under section 2432 of this title after completion of the certification. 
‘‘(2) The milestone decision authority shall re-
tain records of the basis for the certifications and determination under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) At the request of any of the congressional 
defense committees, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the committee an explanation of the basis for the certifications and determina-tion under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of sub-section (a) with respect to a major defense ac-quisition program. The explanation shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(d) W
AIVER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY .—(1) 
The milestone decision authority may, at the time of Milestone B approval or at the time that such milestone decision authority withdraws a certification or rescinds Milestone B approval pursuant to subsection (b)(2), waive the applica-bility to a major defense acquisition program of 
one or more components (as specified in para-graph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a)) of the cer-tification and determination requirements if the milestone decision authority determines that, 
but for such a waiver, the Department would be unable to meet critical national security objec-tives. 
‘‘(2) Whenever the milestone decision author-
ity makes such a determination and authorizes such a waiver— 
‘‘(A) the waiver, the waiver determination, 
and the reasons for the waiver determination shall be submitted in writing to the congres-sional defense committees within 30 days after the waiver is authorized; and 
‘‘(B) the milestone decision authority shall re-
view the program not less often than annually to determine the extent to which such program currently satisfies the certification and deter-mination components specified in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a) until such time as the milestone decision authority determines that the program satisfies all such certification and determination components. 
‘‘(3) The requirement in paragraph (2)(B) 
shall not apply to a program for which a certifi-cation was required pursuant to section 2433a(c) of this title if the milestone decision authority— 
‘‘(A) determines in writing that— ‘‘(i) the program has reached a stage in the 
acquisition process at which it would not be practicable to meet the certification component that was waived; and 
‘‘(ii) the milestone decision authority has 
taken appropriate alternative actions to address the underlying purposes of such certification component; and 
‘‘(B) submits the written determination, and 
an explanation of the basis for the determina-tion, to the congressional defense committees. 
‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATION OF CERTIFICATION STATUS  
INBUDGET DOCUMENTATION .—Any budget re-
quest, budget justification material, budget dis-play, reprogramming request, Selected Acquisi-tion Report, or other budget documentation or performance report submitted by the Secretary of Defense to the President regarding a major defense acquisition program receiving a waiver pursuant to subsection (d) shall prominently and clearly indicate that such program has not fully satisfied the certification requirements of this section until such time as the milestone de-cision authority makes the determination that such program has satisfied all such certification requirements. 
‘‘(f) N
ONDELEGATION .—The milestone decision 
authority may not delegate the certification re-quirement under subsection (a) or the authority to waive any component of such requirement under subsection (d). 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition pro-
gram’ means a Department of Defense acquisi-tion program that is a major defense acquisition program for purposes of section 2430 of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘designated major subprogram’ 
means a major subprogram of a major defense acquisition program designated under section 2430a(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘milestone decision authority’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram, means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsi-bility and authority for acquisition decisions for the program, including authority to approve entry of the program into the next phase of the acquisition process. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone B approval’ has the 
meaning provided that term in section 2366(e)(7) of this title. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘core logistics capabilities’ 
means the core logistics capabilities identified under section 2464(a) of this title.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
2334(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraph (6)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘any cer-tification under’’ and inserting ‘‘any decision to grant milestone approval pursuant to’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6389 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 825. DESIGNATION OF MILESTONE DECISION 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2430 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d)(1) The milestone decision authority for a 
major defense acquisition program reaching Milestone A after October 1, 2016, shall be the service acquisition executive of the military de-partment that is managing the program, unless the Secretary of Defense designates, under para-graph (2), another official to serve as the mile-stone decision authority. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense may designate 
an alternate milestone decision authority for a program with respect to which— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the pro-
gram is addressing a joint requirement; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the pro-
gram is best managed by a Defense Agency; 
‘‘(C) the program has incurred a unit cost in-
crease greater than the significant cost thresh-old or critical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title; 
‘‘(D) the program is critical to a major inter-
agency requirement or technology development effort, or has significant international partner involvement; or 
‘‘(E) the Secretary determines that an alter-
nate official serving as the milestone decision authority will best provide for the program to achieve desired cost, schedule, and performance outcomes. 
‘‘(3)(A) After designating an alternate mile-
stone decision authority under paragraph (2) for a program, the Secretary of Defense may revert the position of milestone decision authority for the program back to the service acquisition exec-utive upon request of the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned. A decision on the request shall be made within 180 days after re-ceipt of the request from the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
‘‘(B) If the Secretary of Defense denies the re-
quest for reversion of the milestone decision au-thority back to the service acquisition executive, the Secretary shall report to the congressional defense committees on the basis of the Sec-retary’s decision that an alternate official serv-ing as milestone decision authority will best pro-vide for the program to achieve desired cost, schedule, and performance outcomes. No such reversion is authorized after a program has in-curred a unit cost increase greater than the sig-nificant cost threshold or critical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title, except in excep-tional circumstances. 
‘‘(4)(A) For each major defense acquisition 
program, the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned and the Chief of the armed force concerned shall, in each Selected Acquisition Report required under section 2432 of this title, certify that program requirements are stable and funding is adequate to meet cost, schedule, and performance objectives for the program and identify and report to the congressional defense committees on any increased risk to the program since the last report. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary of Defense shall review the 
acquisition oversight process for major defense acquisition programs and shall limit outside re-quirements for documentation to an absolute minimum on those programs where the service acquisition executive of the military department that is managing the program is the milestone decision authority and ensure that any policies, procedures, and activities related to oversight efforts conducted outside of the military depart-ments with regard to major defense acquisition programs shall be implemented in a manner that does not unnecessarily increase program costs or impede program schedules.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
133(b)(5) of such title is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, ex-cept that the Under Secretary shall exercise ad-visory authority, subject to the authority, direc-tion, and control of the Secretary of Defense, over service acquisition programs for which the 
service acquisition executive is the milestone de-cision authority’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for im-plementing subsection (d) of section 2430 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
(2) G
UIDANCE .—The Deputy Chief Manage-
ment Officer of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the service acquisition executives, shall issue guidance to ensure that by not later than October 1, 2016, the acquisition policy, guidance, and practices of the Department of Defense con-form to the requirements of subsection (d) of sec-tion 2430 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. The guidance shall be designed to ensure a stream-lined decisionmaking and approval process and to minimize any information requests, consistent with the requirement of paragraph (4)(A) of such subsection (d). 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 826. TENURE AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF PRO-
GRAM MANAGERS FOR PROGRAM DEFINITION PERIODS. 
(a) R EVISED GUIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense guidance for major de-fense acquisition programs to address the tenure and accountability of program managers for the program definition period of major defense ac-quisition programs. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DEFINITION PERIOD .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘‘program defi-nition period’’, with respect to a major defense acquisition program, means the period begin-ning with initiation of the program and ending with Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space pro-gram). 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The revised guidance 
required by subsection (a) shall provide that the program manager for the program definition pe-riod of a major defense acquisition program is responsible for— 
(1) bringing technologies to maturity and 
identifying the manufacturing processes that will be needed to carry out the program; 
(2) ensuring continuing focus during program 
development on meeting stated mission require-ments and other requirements of the Department of Defense; 
(3) recommending trade-offs between program 
cost, schedule, and performance for the life- cycle of the program; 
(4) developing a business case for the program; 
and 
(5) ensuring that appropriate information is 
available to the milestone decision authority to make a decision on Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program), including information nec-essary to make the certification required by sec-tion 2366a of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) Q
UALIFICATIONS , RESOURCES , AND TEN-
URE.—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that each program manager for the program def-inition period of a major defense acquisition program— 
(1) has the appropriate management, engi-
neering, technical, and financial expertise need-ed to meet the responsibilities assigned pursuant to subsection (c); 
(2) is provided the resources and support (in-
cluding systems engineering expertise, cost-esti-mating expertise, and software development ex-pertise) needed to meet such responsibilities; and 
(3) is assigned to the program manager posi-
tion for such program until such time as such program receives Milestone B approval (or Key 
Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program), unless removed for cause or due to ex-ceptional circumstances. 
(e) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
waive the requirement in paragraph (3) of sub-section (d) upon a determination that the pro-gram definition period will take so long that it would not be appropriate for a single individual to serve as program manager for the entire pe-riod covered by such paragraph. 
SEC. 827. TENURE AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF PRO-
GRAM MANAGERS FOR PROGRAM EXECUTION PERIODS. 
(a) R EVISED GUIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense guidance for major de-fense acquisition programs to address the tenure and accountability of program managers for the program execution period of major defense ac-quisition programs. 
(b) P
ROGRAM EXECUTION PERIOD .—For pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘‘program execu-tion period’’, with respect to a major defense ac-quisition program, means the period beginning with Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space pro-gram) and ending with declaration of initial operational capability. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The revised guidance 
required by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) require the program manager for the pro-
gram execution period of a major defense acqui-sition program to enter into a performance agreement with the manager’s immediate super-visor for such program within six months of as-signment, that— 
(A) establishes expected parameters for the 
cost, schedule, and performance of the program consistent with the business case for the pro-gram; 
(B) provides the commitment of the supervisor 
to provide the level of funding and resources re-quired to meet such parameters; and 
(C) provides the assurance of the program 
manager that such parameters are achievable and that the program manager will be account-able for meeting such parameters; and 
(2) provide the program manager with the au-
thority to— 
(A) consult on the addition of new program 
requirements that would be inconsistent with the parameters established in the performance agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1); 
(B) recommend trade-offs between cost, sched-
ule, and performance, provided that such trade- offs are consistent with the parameters estab-lished in the performance agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
(C) develop such interim goals and milestones 
as may be required to achieve the parameters es-tablished in the performance agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(d) Q
UALIFICATIONS , RESOURCES , AND TEN-
URE.—The Secretary shall ensure that each pro-
gram manager for the program execution period of a defense acquisition program— 
(1) has the appropriate management, engi-
neering, technical, and financial expertise need-ed to meet the responsibilities assigned pursuant to subsection (c); 
(2) is provided the resources and support (in-
cluding systems engineering expertise, cost esti-mating expertise, and software development ex-pertise) needed to meet such responsibilities; and 
(3) is assigned to the program manager posi-
tion for such program during the program exe-cution period, unless removed for cause or due to exceptional circumstances. 
(e) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The immediate su-
pervisor of a program manager for a major de-fense acquisition program may waive the re-quirement in paragraph (3) of subsection (d) upon a determination that the program execu-tion period will take so long that it would not be appropriate for a single individual to serve as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6390 September 29, 2015 
program manager for the entire program execu-
tion period. 
SEC. 828. PENALTY FOR COST OVERRUNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each fiscal year begin-
ning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary of each military department shall pay a penalty for cost overruns on the covered major defense acquisi-tion programs of the military department. 
(b) C
ALCULATION OF PENALTY .—For the pur-
poses of this section: 
(1) The amount of the cost overrun or 
underrun on any major defense acquisition pro-gram or subprogram in a fiscal year is the dif-ference between the current program acquisition unit cost for the program or subprogram and the program acquisition unit cost for the program as shown in the original Baseline Estimate for the program or subprogram, multiplied by the quan-tity of items to be purchased under the program or subprogram, as reported in the final Selected Acquisition Report for the fiscal year in accord-ance with section 2432 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) Cost overruns or underruns for covered 
major defense acquisition programs that are joint programs of more than one military depart-ment shall be allocated among the military de-partments in percentages determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
(3) The cumulative amount of cost overruns 
for a military department in a fiscal year is the sum of the cost overruns and cost underruns for all covered major defense acquisition programs of the department in the fiscal year (including cost overruns or underruns allocated to the mili-tary department in accordance with paragraph (2)). 
(4) The cost overrun penalty for a military de-
partment in a fiscal year is three percent of the cumulative amount of cost overruns of the mili-tary department in the fiscal year, as deter-mined pursuant to paragraph (3), except that the cost overrun penalty may not be a negative amount. 
(c) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS.— 
(1) R EDUCTION OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , 
TEST, AND EVALUATION ACCOUNTS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary of each military department shall reduce each re-search, development, test, and evaluation ac-count of the military department by the percent-age determined under paragraph (2), and remit such amount to the Secretary of Defense. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .—The percent-
age reduction to research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military depart-ment referred to in paragraph (1) is the percent-age reduction to such accounts necessary to equal the cost overrun penalty for the fiscal year for such department determined pursuant to subsection (b)(4). 
(3) C
REDITING OF FUNDS .—Any amount remit-
ted under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the Rapid Prototyping Fund established pursuant to section 804 of this Act. 
(d) C
OVERED PROGRAMS .—A major defense ac-
quisition program is covered under this section if the original Baseline Estimate was established for such program under paragraph (1) or (2) of section 2435(d) of title 10, United States Code, on or after May 22, 2009 (which is the date of the enactment of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23)). 
SEC. 829. STREAMLINING OF REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING REGARDING MAJOR DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORTING TO UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE FOR ACQUISITION , TECHNOLOGY , ANDLO-
GISTICS BEFORE MILESTONE B APPROVAL .—Sub-
paragraph (A) of paragraph (8) of section 138(b) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 901(h)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 
113–291; 128 Stat. 3466), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘periodically’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the major defense acquisition 
programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each major defense acquisition program’’; 
(3) by inserting ‘‘before the Milestone B ap-
proval for that program’’ after ‘‘Department of Defense’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘such reviews and assess-
ments’’ and inserting ‘‘such review and assess-ment’’. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT TO SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE AND CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMIT -
TEES.—Subparagraph (B) of such paragraph is 
amended by inserting ‘‘for which a Milestone B approval occurred during the preceding fiscal year’’ after ‘‘Department of Defense’’. 
SEC. 830. CONFIGURATION STEERING BOARDS 
FOR COST CONTROL UNDER MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 814(c)(1) of the Duncan Hunter Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4529; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), 
and (C) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after ‘‘for the following:’’ the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) Monitoring changes in program require-
ments and ensuring the Chief of Staff of the Armed Force concerned, in consultation with the Secretary of the military department con-cerned, approves of any proposed changes that could have an adverse effect on program cost or schedule.’’. 
SEC. 831. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR STAND- 
ALONE MANPOWER ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(1) of section 2434 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and a manpower estimate for the program have’’ and inserting ‘‘has’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
REGULATIONS .—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘shall require—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘that the independent’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall require that the independent’’; 
(3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and moving those paragraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the left; and 
(4) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘and operations and support,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘operations and support, and trained manpower to operate, maintain, and support the program upon full operational de-ployment,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2434. Independent cost estimates’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 144 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2434 and inserting the following: 
‘‘2434. Independent cost estimates.’’. 
SEC. 832. REVISION TO DUTIES OF THE DEPUTY 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR DEVELOPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION AND THE DEPUTY AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING. 
Section 139b of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and ap-
prove or disapprove’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in 
order to advise relevant technical authorities for such programs on the incorporation of best 
practices for developmental test from across the Department’’ after ‘‘in accordance with sub-section (c))’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and ap-
prove’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in 
order to advise relevant technical authorities for such programs on the incorporation of best practices for systems engineering from across the Department’’ after ‘‘programs’’. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition 
Workforce 
SEC. 841. AMENDMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
FUND.—Section 1705 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of this paragraph, the ap-
plicable percentage for a fiscal year is the per-centage that results in the credit to the Fund of $500,000,000 in each fiscal year.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘an amount specified in sub-
paragraph (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount specified in subparagraph (C)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘an amount that is less than’’ 
and all that follows through the end and insert-ing ‘‘an amount that is less than $400,000,000.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘24-month 
period’’ and inserting ‘‘36-month period’’; 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘60 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘120 days’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking ‘‘acquisition workforce posi-
tions’’ and inserting ‘‘of positions in the acqui-sition workforce, as defined in subsection (h),’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘A
UTHORITY .—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘For purposes of’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘A
UTHORITY .—For purposes 
of’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1)’’; (E) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; and (F) by aligning paragraphs (1) and (2), as des-
ignated by subparagraphs (D) and (E), so as to be two ems from the left margin. 
(b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO BIENNIAL STRATEGIC  
WORKFORCE PLAN.—Section 115b(d) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the defense 
acquisition workforce, including both military and civilian personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘the mili-tary, civilian, and contractor personnel that di-rectly support the acquisition processes of the Department of Defense, including persons serv-ing in acquisition-related positions designated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1721 of this title’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(D)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); 
and 
(C) by inserting after clause (i) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(ii) a description of steps that will be taken 
to address any new or expanded critical skills and competencies the civilian employee work-force will need to address recent trends in de-fense acquisition, emerging best practices, changes in the Government and commercial marketplace, and new requirements established in law or regulation; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), con-
tractor personnel shall be treated as directly supporting the acquisition processes of the De-partment if, and to the extent that, such con-tractor personnel perform functions in support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6391 September 29, 2015 
of personnel in Department of Defense positions 
designated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1721 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 842. DUAL-TRACK MILITARY PROFESSIONALS 
IN OPERATIONAL AND ACQUISITION SPECIALITIES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR CHIEF OF STAFF IN-
VOLVEMENT .—Section 1722a(a) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘mili-tary department)’’ the following: ‘‘, in collabo-ration with the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps (with respect to the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively),’’. 
(b) D
UAL-TRACK CAREER PATH.—Section 
1722a(b) of such title is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘single- 
track’’ before ‘‘career path’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A dual-track career path that attracts the 
highest quality officers and enlisted personnel and allows them to gain experience in and re-ceive credit for a primary career in combat arms and a functional secondary career in the acqui-sition field in order to more closely align the military operational, requirements, and acquisi-tion workforces of each armed force.’’. 
SEC. 843. PROVISION OF JOINT DUTY ASSIGN-
MENT CREDIT FOR ACQUISITION DUTY. 
Section 668(a)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (D); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of sub-
paragraph (E) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) acquisition matters addressed by military 
personnel and covered under chapter 87 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 844. MANDATORY REQUIREMENT FOR TRAIN-
ING RELATED TO THE CONDUCT OF MARKET RESEARCH. 
(a) M ANDATORY MARKET RESEARCH TRAIN-
ING.—Section 2377 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) M
ARKET RESEARCH TRAINING RE-
QUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide 
mandatory training for members of the armed forces and employees of the Department of De-fense responsible for the conduct of market re-search required under subsection (c). Such man-datory training shall, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) provide comprehensive information on the 
subject of market research and the function of market research in the acquisition of commercial items; 
‘‘(2) teach best practices for conducting and 
documenting market research; and 
‘‘(3) provide methodologies for establishing 
standard processes and reports for collecting and sharing market research across the Depart-ment.’’. 
(b) I
NCORPORATION INTO MANAGEMENT CER-
TIFICATION TRAINING MANDATE .—The Chairman 
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall ensure that the requirements of section 2377(d) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), are in-corporated into the requirements management certification training mandate of the Joint Ca-pabilities Integration Development System. 
SEC. 845. INDEPENDENT STUDY OF IMPLEMENTA-
TION OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE IMPROVEMENT EF-FORTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STUDY .—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent research entity described in subsection (b) to carry out a com-prehensive study of the strategic planning of the Department of Defense related to the defense ac-quisition workforce. The study shall provide a 
comprehensive examination of the Department’s efforts to recruit, develop, and retain the acqui-sition workforce with a specific review of the following: 
(1) The implementation of the Defense Acqui-
sition Workforce Improvement Act (including chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code). 
(2) The application of the Department of De-
fense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund (as established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code). 
(3) The effectiveness of professional military 
education programs, including fellowships and exchanges with industry. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT RESEARCH ENTITY .—The en-
tity described in this subsection is an inde-pendent research entity that is a not-for-profit entity or a federally funded research and devel-opment center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability. 
(c) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) T O SECRETARY .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent research entity shall provide to the Secretary a report containing— 
(A) the results of the study required by sub-
section (a); and 
(B) such recommendations to improve the ac-
quisition workforce as the independent research entity considers to be appropriate. 
(2) T
O CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days 
after receipt of the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit such re-port, together with any additional views or rec-ommendations of the Secretary, to the congres-sional defense committees. 
SEC. 846. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE CI-
VILIAN ACQUISITION WORKFORCE PERSONNEL DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1762(g) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Such section is 
further amended by striking ‘‘demonstration program’’ and inserting ‘‘demonstration project’’. 
Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to 
Commercial Items 
SEC. 851. PROCUREMENT OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) C OMMERCIAL ITEM DETERMINATIONS BY  
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 140 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2380. Commercial item determinations by 
Department of Defense 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall— 
‘‘(1) establish and maintain a centralized ca-
pability with necessary expertise and resources to oversee the making of commercial item deter-minations for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense; and 
‘‘(2) provide public access to Department of 
Defense commercial item determinations for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘2380. Commercial item determinations by De-
partment of Defense.’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL ITEMEXCEPTION TO SUBMIS -
SION OF COST AND PRICING DATA.—Section 
2306a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL ITEM DETERMINATION .—(A) 
For purposes of applying the commercial item exception under paragraph (1)(B) to the re-quired submission of certified cost or pricing data, the contracting officer may presume that a prior commercial item determination made by a military department, a Defense Agency, or an-other component of the Department of Defense 
shall serve as a determination for subsequent procurements of such item. 
‘‘(B) If the contracting officer does not make 
the presumption described in subparagraph (A) and instead chooses to proceed with a procure-ment of an item previously determined to be a commercial item using procedures other than the procedures authorized for the procurement of a commercial item, the contracting officer shall re-quest a review of the commercial item determina-tion by the head of the contracting activity. 
‘‘(C) Not later than 30 days after receiving a 
request for review of a commercial item deter-mination under subparagraph (B), the head of a contracting activity shall— 
‘‘(i) confirm that the prior determination was 
appropriate and still applicable; or 
‘‘(ii) issue a revised determination with a writ-
ten explanation of the basis for the revision.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEM.—Noth-
ing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall affect the meaning of the term ‘‘commercial item’’ under subsection (a)(5) of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, or any requirement under subsection (a)(3) or sub-section (c) of such section. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS UPDATE .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement shall be updated to reflect the re-quirements of this section and the amendments made by this section. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to preclude the contracting officer for the procurement of a commercial item from requiring the contractor to supply informa-tion that is sufficient to determine the reason-ableness of price, regardless of whether or not the contractor was required to provide such in-formation in connection with any earlier pro-curement. 
SEC. 852. MODIFICATION TO INFORMATION RE-
QUIRED TO BE SUBMITTED BY OF-FEROR IN PROCUREMENT OF MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS AS COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR DETERMINATION .—Sub-
section (a) of section 2379 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2). 
(b) T
REATMENT OF SUBSYSTEMS AS COMMER -
CIAL ITEMS.—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘only if’’ and inserting ‘‘if either’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘the subsystem is a’’ and inserting ‘‘that the subsystem is a’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (B). (c) T
REATMENT OF COMPONENTS AS COMMER -
CIAL ITEMS.—Subsection (c)(1) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘title only if’’ and inserting 
‘‘title if either’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘the component or’’ and inserting ‘‘that the component or’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(C) by striking clause (ii). (d) I
NFORMATION SUBMITTED .—Subsection (d) 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) I NFORMATION SUBMITTED .—(1) To the ex-
tent necessary to determine the reasonableness of the price for items acquired under this sec-tion, the contracting officer shall require the of-feror to submit— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6392 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(A) prices paid for the same or similar com-
mercial items under comparable terms and con-ditions by both Government and commercial cus-tomers; 
‘‘(B) if the contracting officer determines that 
the offeror does not have access to and cannot provide sufficient information described in sub-paragraph (A) to determine the reasonableness of price, information on— 
‘‘(i) prices for the same or similar items sold 
under different terms and conditions; 
‘‘(ii) prices for similar levels of work or effort 
on related products or services; 
‘‘(iii) prices for alternative solutions or ap-
proaches; and 
‘‘(iv) other relevant information that can 
serve as the basis for a price assessment; and 
‘‘(C) if the contracting officer determines that 
the information submitted pursuant to subpara-graphs (A) and (B) is not sufficient to determine the reasonableness of price, other relevant infor-mation regarding the basis for price or cost, in-cluding information on labor costs, material costs, and overhead rates. 
‘‘(2) An offeror may not be required to submit 
information described in paragraph (1)(C) with regard to a commercially available off-the-shelf item and may be required to submit such infor-mation with regard to any other item that was developed exclusively at private expense only after the head of the contracting activity deter-mines in writing that the information submitted pursuant to paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) is not sufficient to determine the reasonableness of price.’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO TRUTH IN NE-
GOTIATIONS ACT.—Section 2306a(d)(1) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘If the con-tracting officer determines that the offeror does not have access to and cannot provide sufficient information on prices for the same or similar items to determine the reasonableness of price, the contracting officer shall require the submis-sion of information on prices for similar levels of work or effort on related products or services, prices for alternative solutions or approaches, and other information that is relevant to the de-termination of a fair and reasonable price.’’. 
SEC. 853. USE OF RECENT PRICES PAID BY THE 
GOVERNMENT IN THE DETERMINA-TION OF PRICE REASONABLENESS. 
Section 2306a(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, as amended by section 851, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) A contracting officer shall consider evi-
dence provided by an offeror of recent purchase prices paid by the Government for the same or similar commercial items in establishing price reasonableness on a subsequent purchase if the contracting officer is satisfied that the prices previously paid remain a valid reference for comparison after considering the totality of other relevant factors such as the time elapsed since the prior purchase and any differences in the quantities purchased or applicable terms and conditions.’’. 
SEC. 854. REPORT ON DEFENSE-UNIQUE LAWS AP-
PLICABLE TO THE PROCUREMENT OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS AND COM-MERCIALLY AVAILABLE OFF-THE- SHELF ITEMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report identifying the defense- unique provisions of law that are applicable for procurement of commercial items or commercial off-the-shelf items, both at the prime contract and subcontract level. The report— 
(1) shall discuss the impact— (A) of limiting the inclusion of clauses in con-
tracts for commercial items or commercial off- the-shelf items to those that are required to im-plement law or Executive orders or are deter-mined to be consistent with standard commercial practice; and 
(B) of limiting flow down of clauses in sub-
contracts for commercial items or commercial off the shelf-items to those that are required to im-
plement law or Executive order; and 
(2) shall provide a listing of all standard 
clauses used in Federal Acquisition Regulation Part 12 contracts, including a justification for the inclusion of each. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR SUBMISSION .—The report 
under subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 855. MARKET RESEARCH AND PREFERENCE 
FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall issue guidance to ensure that acquisition officials of the De-partment of Defense fully comply with the re-quirements of section 2377 of title 10, United States Code, regarding market research and commercial items. The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall, at a minimum— 
(1) provide that the head of an agency may 
not enter into a contract in excess of the sim-plified acquisition threshold for information technology products or services that are not commercial items unless the head of the agency determines in writing that no commercial items are suitable to meet the agency’s needs as pro-vided in subsection (c)(2) of such section; and 
(2) ensure that market research conducted in 
accordance with subsection (c) of such section is used, where appropriate, to inform price reason-ableness determinations. 
(b) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, shall review Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction 3170.01, the Manual for the Operation of the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System, and other documents governing the re-quirements development process and revise these documents as necessary to ensure that the De-partment of Defense fully complies with the re-quirement in section 2377(c) of title 10, United States Code, and section 10.001 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation for Federal agencies to conduct appropriate market research before de-veloping new requirements. 
(c) M
ARKET RESEARCH DEFINED .—For the pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘‘market re-search’’ means a review of existing systems, sub-systems, capabilities, and technologies that are available or could be made available to meet the needs of the Department of Defense in whole or in part. The review may include any of the tech-niques for conducting market research provided in section 10.002(b)(2) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and shall include, at a minimum, contacting knowledgeable individuals in Gov-ernment and industry regarding existing market capabilities. 
SEC. 856. LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF PRO-
CUREMENTS FROM COMMERCIAL AC-QUISITION PROCEDURES. 
(a) L IMITATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), prior to converting the procurement of commercial items or services valued at more than $1,000,000 from commercial acquisition pro-cedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation to noncommercial acquisition proce-dures under part 15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the contracting officer for the pro-curement shall determine in writing that— 
(A) the earlier use of commercial acquisition 
procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation was in error or based on inad-equate information; and 
(B) the Department of Defense will realize a 
cost savings compared to the cost of procuring a similar quantity or level of such item or service using commercial acquisition procedures. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR APPROVAL OF DETER -
MINATION BY HEAD OF CONTRACTING ACTIVITY .— In the case of a procurement valued at more 
than $100,000,000, a contract may not be award-ed pursuant to a conversion of the procurement described in paragraph (1) until— 
(A) the head of the contracting activity ap-
proves the determination made under paragraph (1); and 
(B) a copy of the determination so approved is 
provided to the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics. 
(b) F
ACTORS TO BECONSIDERED .—In making a 
determination under paragraph (1), the deter-mining official shall, at a minimum, consider the following factors: 
(1) The estimated cost of research and devel-
opment to be performed by the existing con-tractor to improve future products or services. 
(2) The transaction costs for the Department 
of Defense and the contractor in assessing and responding to data requests to support a conver-sion to noncommercial acquisition procedures. 
(3) Changes in purchase quantities. (4) Costs associated with potential procure-
ment delays resulting from the conversion. 
(c) P
ROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop procedures to track conversions of future contracts and sub-contracts for improved analysis and reporting and shall revise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement to reflect the require-ment in subsection (a). 
(d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of subsection (a), including any procurements converted as described in that subsection. 
(e) S
UNSET .—The requirements of this section 
shall terminate 5 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 857. TREATMENT OF GOODS AND SERVICES 
PROVIDED BY NONTRADITIONAL DE-FENSE CONTRACTORS AS COMMER-CIAL ITEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 140 of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by section 851, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2380A. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional defense contractors as commercial items 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 2376(1) of this title, 
items and services provided by nontraditional defense contractors (as that term is defined in section 2302(9) of this title) may be treated by the head of an agency as commercial items for purposes of this chapter.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 140 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2380, as added by section 851, the following new item: 
‘‘2380A. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional defense contractors as commercial items.’’. 
Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 861. AMENDMENT TO MENTOR-PROTEGE 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 831 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘designed to 
enhance’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘de-signed to— 
‘‘(1) enhance the capabilities of disadvantaged 
small business concerns to perform as sub-contractors and suppliers under Department of Defense contracts and other contracts and sub-contracts; and 
‘‘(2) increase the participation of such busi-
ness concerns as subcontractors and suppliers under Department of Defense contracts, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6393 September 29, 2015 
Federal Government contracts, and commercial 
contracts.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘to receive 
such assistance at any time’’ and inserting ‘‘concurrently, and the authority to enter into agreements under subsection (e) shall only be available to such concern during the 5-year pe-riod beginning on the date such concern enters into the first such agreement’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
clauses (i) and (ii), respectively (and conforming the margins accordingly); and 
(B) by inserting before clause (i) (as so redes-
ignated) the following: 
‘‘(1) the mentor firm is not affiliated with the 
protege firm prior to the approval of that agree-ment; and 
‘‘(2) the mentor firm demonstrates that it— ‘‘(A) is qualified to provide assistance that 
will contribute to the purpose of the program; 
‘‘(B) is of good financial health and character 
and does not appear on a Federal list of debarred or suspended contractors; and 
‘‘(C) can impart value to a protege firm be-
cause of experience gained as a Department of Defense contractor or through knowledge of general business operations and government contracting, as demonstrated by evidence that— ’’; 
(4) by amending subsection (e)(1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) A developmental program for the protege 
firm, in such detail as may be reasonable, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) factors to assess the protege firm’s devel-
opmental progress under the program; 
‘‘(B) a description of the quantitative and 
qualitative benefits to the Department of De-fense from the agreement, if applicable; and 
‘‘(C) goals for additional awards that protege 
firm can compete for outside the Mentor-Protege Program.’’; 
(5) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘business 
development,’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (6); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (6); 
(6) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (1) and (7) of subsection (f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (6) of subsection (f) (except as provided in subparagraph (D))’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (l)(2)’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) The Secretary may not reimburse any fee 
assessed by the mentor firm for services provided to the protege firm pursuant to subsection (f)(6) or for business development expenses incurred by the mentor firm under a contract awarded to the mentor firm while participating in a joint venture with the protege firm.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (f)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(6)’’; 
(7) in subsection (h)(1), by inserting ‘‘(15 
U.S.C. 631 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Small Business Act’’; 
(8) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’; 
(9) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (n); 
(10) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(l) R
EPORT BY MENTOR FIRMS.—To comply 
with section 8(d)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(7)), each mentor firm shall sub-mit a report to the Secretary not less than once each fiscal year that includes, for the preceding fiscal year— 
‘‘(1) all technical or management assistance 
provided by mentor firm personnel for the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1); ‘‘(2) any new awards of subcontracts on a 
competitive or noncompetitive basis to the pro-tege firm under Department of Defense contracts or other contracts, including the value of such subcontracts; 
‘‘(3) any extensions, increases in the scope of 
work, or additional payments not previously re-ported for prior awards of subcontracts on a competitive or noncompetitive basis to the pro-tege firm under Department of Defense contracts or other contracts, including the value of such subcontracts; 
‘‘(4) the amount of any payment of progress 
payments or advance payments made to the pro-tege firm for performance under any subcontract made under the Mentor-Protege Program; 
‘‘(5) any loans made by mentor firm to the 
protege firm; 
‘‘(6) all Federal contracts awarded to the men-
tor firm and the protege firm as a joint venture, designating whether the award was a restricted competition or a full and open competition; 
‘‘(7) any assistance obtained by the mentor 
firm for the protege firm from one or more— 
‘‘(A) small business development centers estab-
lished pursuant to section 21 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 648); 
‘‘(B) entities providing procurement technical 
assistance pursuant to chapter 142 of title 10, United States Code; or 
‘‘(C) historically Black colleges or universities 
or minority institutions of higher education; 
‘‘(8) whether there have been any changes to 
the terms of the mentor-protege agreement; and 
‘‘(9) a narrative describing the success assist-
ance provided under subsection (f) has had in addressing the developmental needs of the pro-tege firm, the impact on Department of Defense contracts, and addressing any problems encoun-tered. 
‘‘(m) R
EVIEW OF REPORT BY THE OFFICE OF  
SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS .—The Office of 
Small Business Programs of the Department of Defense shall review the report required by sub-section (l) and, if the Office finds that the men-tor-protege agreement is not furthering the pur-pose of the Mentor-Protege Program, decide not to approve any continuation of the agreement.’’; and 
(11) in subsection (n) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘means a 
business concern that meets the requirements of section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)) and the regulations promulgated pursu-ant thereto’’ and inserting ‘‘has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘means:’’ and inserting ‘‘means 
a firm that has less than half the size standard corresponding to its primary North American In-dustry Classification System code, is not owned or managed by individuals or entities that di-rectly or indirectly have stock options or con-vertible securities in the mentor firm, and is—’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘the se-
verely disabled’’ and inserting ‘‘severely dis-abled individuals’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘Small 
Business Act.’’ and inserting ‘‘Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)); or’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) a small business concern that— ‘‘(i) is a nontraditional defense contractor, as 
such term is defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code; or 
‘‘(ii) currently provides goods or services in 
the private sector that are critical to enhancing the capabilities of the defense supplier base and fulfilling key Department of Defense needs.’’; 
(C) by amending paragraph (8) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(8) The term ‘severely disabled individual’ 
means an individual who is blind (as defined in section 8501 of title 41, United States Code) or a severely disabled individual (as defined in such section).’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘affiliated’, with respect to the 
relationship between a mentor firm and a pro-tege firm, means— 
‘‘(A) the mentor firm shares, directly or indi-
rectly, with the protege firm ownership or man-agement of the protege firm; 
‘‘(B) the mentor firm has an agreement, at the 
time the mentor firm enters into a mentor-pro-tege agreement under subsection (e), to merge with the protege firm; 
‘‘(C) the owners and managers of the mentor 
firm are the parent, child, spouse, sibling, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, grandparent, grandchild, or first cousin of an owner or manager of the protege firm; 
‘‘(D) the mentor firm has, during the 2-year 
period before entering into a mentor-protege agreement, employed any officer, director, prin-cipal stock holder, managing member, or key em-ployee of the protege firm; 
‘‘(E) the mentor firm has engaged in a joint 
venture with the protege firm during the 2-year period before entering into a mentor-protege agreement, unless such joint venture was ap-proved by the Small Business Administration prior to making any offer on a contract; 
‘‘(F) the mentor firm is, directly or indirectly, 
the primary party providing contracts to the protege firm, as measured by the dollar value of the contracts; and 
‘‘(G) the Small Business Administration has 
made a determination of affiliation or control under subsection (h).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to a mentor-protege agreement made pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) entered into after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVITY OF REPORT AND REVIEW RE -
QUIREMENTS .—The amendments made by sub-
section (a)(10) shall apply to a mentor-protege agreement made pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) entered into before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
SEC. 862. AMENDMENTS TO DATA QUALITY IM-
PROVEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 15(s) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(s)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) I MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than Octo-
ber 1, 2016, the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration shall implement the plan described in this subsection. 
‘‘(5) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Administrator shall 
annually provide to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate a certification of the ac-curacy and completeness of data reported on bundled and consolidated contracts.’’. 
(b) GAO S
TUDY .— 
(1) S TUDY .—Not later than October 1, 2017, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study on the effectiveness of the plan described in section 15(s) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(s)) that shall assess whether contracts were accurately labeled as bundled or consolidated. 
(2) C
ONTRACTS EVALUATED .—For the purposes 
of conducting the study described in paragraph (1), the Comptroller General of the United States— 
(A) shall evaluate, for work in each of sectors 
23, 33, 54, and 56 (as defined by the North Amer-ican Industry Classification System), not fewer than 100 contracts in each sector; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6394 September 29, 2015 
(B) shall evaluate only those contracts— 
(i) awarded by an agency listed in section 
901(b) of title 31, United States Code; and 
(ii) that have a Base and Exercised Options 
Value, an Action Obligation, or a Base and All Options Value (as such terms are defined in the Federal Procurement Data System described in section 1122(a)(4)(A) of title 41, United States Code, or any successor system); and 
(C) shall not evaluate contracts that have 
used any set-aside authority. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after 
initiating the study required by paragraph (1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate on the results from such study and, if warranted, any recommendations on how to improve the quality of data reported on bundled and consolidated contracts. 
SEC. 863. NOTICE OF CONTRACT CONSOLIDATION 
FOR ACQUISITION STRATEGIES. 
(a) N OTICE REQUIREMENT FOR THE HEAD OF A  
CONTRACTING AGENCY .—Section 15(e)(3) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(e)(3)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) S
TRATEGY SPECIFICATIONS .—If the head 
of a contracting agency determines that an ac-quisition plan for a procurement involves a sub-stantial bundling of contract requirements, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a no-tice on a public website that such determination has been made not later than 7 days after mak-ing such determination. Any solicitation for a procurement related to the acquisition plan may not be published earlier than 7 days after such notice is published. Along with the publication of the solicitation, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a justification for the de-termination, which shall include the following information: 
‘‘(A) The specific benefits anticipated to be de-
rived from the bundling of contract requirements and a determination that such benefits justify the bundling. 
‘‘(B) An identification of any alternative con-
tracting approaches that would involve a lesser degree of bundling of contract requirements. 
‘‘(C) An assessment of— 
‘‘(i) the specific impediments to participation 
by small business concerns as prime contractors that result from the bundling of contract re-quirements; and 
‘‘(ii) the specific actions designed to maximize 
participation of small business concerns as sub-contractors (including suppliers) at various tiers under the contract or contracts that are award-ed to meet the requirements.’’. 
(b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT FOR THE SENIOR  
PROCUREMENT EXECUTIVE OR CHIEF ACQUISI -
TION OFFICER .—Section 44(c)(2) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657q(c)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Not later than 7 days after 
making a determination that an acquisition strategy involving a consolidation of contract requirements is necessary and justified under subparagraph (A), the senior procurement exec-utive or Chief Acquisition Officer shall publish a notice on a public website that such deter-mination has been made. Any solicitation for a procurement related to the acquisition strategy may not be published earlier than 7 days after such notice is published. Along with the publi-cation of the solicitation, the senior procure-ment executive or Chief Acquisition Officer shall publish a justification for the determination, which shall include the information in subpara-graphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (1).’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 44(c)(1) 
of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657q(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraph (4), the head’’ and inserting ‘‘The head’’. SEC. 864. CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATED TO SMALL BUSINESS CON-TRACTS FOR SERVICES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT CONTRACTS .—Section 
8(a)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘any pro-
curement contract’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 15’’ and inserting ‘‘any procurement contract, which contract has as its principal purpose the supply of a product to be let pursu-ant to this subsection, subsection (m), section 15(a), section 31, or section 36,’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—This paragraph shall not 
apply to a contract that has as its principal purpose the acquisition of services or construc-tion.’’. 
(b) S
UBCONTRACTOR CONTRACTS .—Section 
46(a)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657s(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘for supplies from a regular dealer in such supplies’’ and in-serting ‘‘which is principally for supplies from a regular dealer in such supplies, and which is not a contract principally for services or con-struction’’. 
SEC. 865. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIAL-ISTS, COMMERCIAL MARKET REP-RESENTATIVES, AND PROCUREMENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) B USINESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIALIST RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Small Busi-
ness Act (15 U.S.C. 633) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR BUSI-
NESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIALISTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with the re-
quirements of paragraph (2), a Business Oppor-tunity Specialist described under section 7(j)(10)(D) shall have a Level I Federal Acquisi-tion Certification in Contracting (or any suc-cessor certification) or the equivalent Depart-ment of Defense certification, except that a Business Opportunity Specialist who was serv-ing on or before January 3, 2013, may continue to serve as a Business Opportunity Specialist for a period of 5 years beginning on such date with-out such a certification. 
‘‘(2) D
ELAY OF CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) T IMING .—The certification described in 
paragraph (1) is not required for any person serving as a Business Opportunity Specialist until the date that is one calendar year after the date such person is appointed as a Business Opportunity Specialist. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—The requirements of sub-
paragraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) be included in any initial job posting for 
the position of a Business Opportunity Spe-cialist; and 
‘‘(ii) apply to any person appointed as a Busi-
ness Opportunity Specialist after January 3, 2013.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
7(j)(10)(D)(i) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 636(j)(10)(D)(i)) is amended by striking the sec-ond sentence. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVE  
REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4 of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 633), as amended by subsection (a)(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR COM-
MERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with the re-
quirements of paragraph (2), a commercial mar-ket representative referred to in section 15(q)(3) shall have a Level I Federal Acquisition Certifi-cation in Contracting (or any successor certifi-cation) or the equivalent Department of Defense certification, except that a commercial market representative who was serving on or before the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 may con-tinue to serve as a commercial market represent-ative for a period of 5 years beginning on such 
date without such a certification. 
‘‘(2) D
ELAY OF CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) T IMING .—The certification described in 
paragraph (1) is not required for any person serving as a commercial market representative until the date that is one calendar year after the date such person is appointed as a commer-cial market representative. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—The requirements of sub-
paragraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) be included in any initial job posting for 
the position of a commercial market representa-tive; and 
‘‘(ii) apply to any person appointed as a com-
mercial market representative after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(c) P
ROCUREMENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVE  
REQUIREMENTS .—Section 15(l)(5) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(l)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause 
(iii) to read as follows: 
‘‘(iii) have the certification described in sub-
paragraph (C).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) C ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with the require-
ments of clause (ii), a procurement center rep-resentative shall have a Level III Federal Acqui-sition Certification in Contracting (or any suc-cessor certification) or the equivalent Depart-ment of Defense certification, except that any person serving in such a position on or before January 3, 2013, may continue to serve in that position for a period of 5 years without the re-quired certification. 
‘‘(ii) D
ELAY OF CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(I) T IMING .—The certification described in 
clause (i) is not required for any person serving as a procurement center representative until the date that is one calendar year after the date such person is appointed as a procurement cen-ter representative. 
‘‘(II) A
PPLICATION .—The requirements of sub-
clause (I) shall— 
‘‘(aa) be included in any initial job posting for 
the position of a procurement center representa-tive; and 
‘‘(bb) apply to any person appointed as a pro-
curement center representative after January 3, 2013.’’. 
SEC. 866. MODIFICATIONS TO REQUIREMENTS 
FOR QUALIFIED HUBZONE SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS LOCATED IN A BASE CLOSURE AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(p) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) qualified disaster areas.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and 
(E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) a small business concern— ‘‘(i) that is wholly owned by one or more Na-
tive Hawaiian Organizations (as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(15)), or by a corporation that is wholly owned by one or more Native Hawaiian Organi-zations; or 
‘‘(ii) that is owned in part by one or more Na-
tive Hawaiian Organizations, or by a corpora-tion that is wholly owned by one or more Native Hawaiian Organizations, if all other owners are either United States citizens or small business concerns;’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(D) B
ASE CLOSURE AREA .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6395 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
term ‘base closure area’ means— 
‘‘(I) lands within the external boundaries of a 
military installation that were closed through a privatization process under the authority of— 
‘‘(aa) the Defense Base Closure and Realign-
ment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of divi-sion B of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 
‘‘(bb) title II of the Defense Authorization 
Amendments and Base Closure and Realignment Act (Public Law 100–526; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 
‘‘(cc) section 2687 of title 10, United States 
Code; or 
‘‘(dd) any other provision of law authorizing 
or directing the Secretary of Defense or the Sec-retary of a military department to dispose of real property at the military installation for purposes relating to base closures of redevelop-ment, while retaining the authority to enter into a leaseback of all or a portion of the property for military use; 
‘‘(II) the census tract or nonmetropolitan 
county in which the lands described in sub-clause (I) are wholly contained; 
‘‘(III) a census tract or nonmetropolitan coun-
ty the boundaries of which intersect the area described in subclause (I); and 
‘‘(IV) a census tract or nonmetropolitan coun-
ty the boundaries of which are contiguous to the area described in subclause (II) or subclause (III). 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—A base closure area shall 
be treated as a HUBZone— 
‘‘(I) with respect to a census tract or non-
metropolitan county described in clause (i), for a period of not less than 8 years, beginning on the date the military installation undergoes final closure and ending on the date the Admin-istrator makes a final determination as to whether or not to implement the applicable des-ignation described in subparagraph (A) or (B) in accordance with the results of the decennial census conducted after the area was initially designated as a base closure area; and 
‘‘(II) if such area was treated as a HUBZone 
at any time after 2010, until such time as the Administrator makes a final determination as to whether or not to implement the applicable des-ignation described in subparagraph (A) or (B), after the 2020 decennial census. 
‘‘(iii) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: 
‘‘(I) C ENSUS TRACT .—The term ‘census tract’ 
means a census tract delineated by the United States Bureau of the Census in the most recent decennial census that is not located in a non-metropolitan county and does not otherwise qualify as a qualified census tract. 
‘‘(II) N
ONMETROPOLITAN COUNTY .—The term 
‘nonmetropolitan county’ means a county that was not located in a metropolitan statistical area (as defined in section 143(k)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) at the time of the most recent census taken for purposes of se-lecting qualified census tracts and does not oth-erwise qualify as a qualified nonmetropolitan county.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER AREA .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
term ‘qualified disaster area’ means any census tract or nonmetropolitan county located in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or located in an area in which a catastrophic incident has occurred if such census tract or nonmetropolitan county ceased to be qualified under subparagraph (A) or (B), as applicable, during the period begin-ning 5 years before the date on which the Presi-dent declared the major disaster or the cata-strophic incident occurred and ending 2 years after such date, except that such census tract or nonmetropolitan county may be a ‘qualified dis-aster area’ only— 
‘‘(I) in the case of a major disaster declared by 
the President, during the 5-year period begin-ning on the date on which the President de-
clared the major disaster for the area in which the census tract or nonmetropolitan county, as applicable, is located; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of a catastrophic incident, 
during the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the catastrophic incident occurred in the area in which the census tract or nonmetro-politan county, as applicable, is located. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—A qualified disaster area 
described in clause (i) shall be treated as a HUBZone for a period of not less than 8 years, beginning on the date the Administrator makes a final determination as to whether or not to im-plement the designations described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) in accordance with the re-sults of the decennial census conducted after the area was initially designated as a qualified disaster area.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (5)(A)(i)(I)— (A) in item (aa)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A), (B), (C), 
(D), or (E) of paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), or (F) of paragraph (3)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating item (bb) as item (cc); 
and 
(C) by inserting after item (aa) the following 
new item: 
‘‘(bb) pursuant to subparagraph (A), (B), (C), 
(D), (E), or (F) of paragraph (3), that its prin-cipal office is located within a base closure area and that not fewer than 35 percent of its em-ployees reside in such base closure area or in another HUBZone; or’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a)(3)(B) shall apply to a major dis-aster declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or a catastrophic incident that occurs on or after the date of enactment of such subsection. 
(c) I
NCLUDING FEMA INAGENCIES THATMAY 
PROVIDE DATA FOR HUBZ ONEPROGRAM .—Sec-
tion 31(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657a(c)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Labor,’’. 
(d) GAO S
TUDY OF IMPROVEMENT TO OVER-
SIGHT OF THE HUBZ ONEPROGRAM .—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study on and submit a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate that includes— 
(1) an assessment of the evaluation process, 
including any weaknesses in the process, used by the Small Business Administration to ap-prove or deny participation in the HUBZone program established under section 31 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657a); 
(2) an assessment of the oversight of 
HUBZone program participants by the Small Business Administration, including Administra-tion actions taken to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse; and 
(3) recommendations on how to improve the 
evaluation process and oversight mechanisms to further reduce fraud, waste, and abuse. 
SEC. 867. JOINT VENTURING AND TEAMING. 
(a) J OINT VENTURE OFFERS FOR BUNDLED OR  
CONSOLIDATED CONTRACTS .—Section 15(e)(4) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(e)(4)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) C
ONTRACT TEAMING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a solicitation 
of offers for a bundled or consolidated contract that is issued by the head of an agency, a small business concern that provides for use of a par-ticular team of subcontractors or a joint venture of small business concerns may submit an offer for the performance of the contract. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATION OF OFFERS .—The head of 
the agency shall evaluate an offer described in subparagraph (A) in the same manner as other 
offers, with due consideration to the capabilities of all of the proposed subcontractors or members of the joint venture as follows: 
‘‘(i) T
EAMS .—When evaluating an offer of a 
small business prime contractor that includes a 
proposed team of small business subcontractors, the head of the agency shall consider the capa-bilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the ca-pabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
‘‘(ii) J
OINT VENTURES .—When evaluating an 
offer of a joint venture of small business con-cerns, if the joint venture does not demonstrate sufficient capabilities or past performance to be considered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall consider the capa-bilities and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capabilities and past performance of the joint venture. 
‘‘(C) S
TATUS AS A SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
Participation of a small business concern in a team or a joint venture under this paragraph shall not affect the status of that concern as a small business concern for any other purpose.’’. 
(b) T
EAM AND JOINT VENTURES OFFERS FOR  
MULTIPLE AWARD CONTRACTS .—Section 15(q)(1) 
of such Act (15 U.S.C. 644(q)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ AND JOINT  
VENTURE ’’ before ‘‘ REQUIREMENTS ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Each Federal agency’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal agency’’; 
and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(B) T EAMS .—When evaluating an offer of a 
small business prime contractor that includes a proposed team of small business subcontractors for any multiple award contract above the sub-stantial bundling threshold of the Federal agen-cy, the head of the agency shall consider the ca-pabilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the ca-pabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
‘‘(C) J
OINT VENTURES .—When evaluating an 
offer of a joint venture of small business con-cerns for any multiple award contract above the substantial bundling threshold of the Federal agency, if the joint venture does not dem-onstrate sufficient capabilities or past perform-ance to be considered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall con-sider the capabilities and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capa-bilities and past performance of the joint ven-ture.’’. 
SEC. 868. MODIFICATION TO AND SCORECARD 
PROGRAM FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONTRACTING GOALS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO GOVERNMENTWIDE GOAL 
FOR SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION IN PRO-
CUREMENT CONTRACTS .—Section 15(g)(1)(A)(i) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(A)(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In meeting this goal, the Gov-ernment shall ensure the participation of small business concerns from a wide variety of indus-tries and from a broad spectrum of small busi-ness concerns within each industry.’’. 
(b) S
CORECARD PROGRAM FOR EVALUATING  
FEDERAL AGENCY COMPLIANCE WITH SMALL  
BUSINESS CONTRACTING GOALS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, in consultation with the Fed-eral agencies, shall— 
(A) develop a methodology for calculating a 
score to be used to evaluate the compliance of each Federal agency with meeting the goals es-tablished pursuant to section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)) based on each such goal; and 
(B) develop a scorecard based on such meth-
odology. 
(2) U
SE OF SCORECARD .—Beginning in fiscal 
year 2017, the Administrator shall establish and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6396 September 29, 2015 
carry out a program to use the scorecard devel-
oped under paragraph (1) to evaluate whether each Federal agency is creating the maximum practicable opportunities for the award of prime contracts and subcontracts to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women, by assigning a score to each Federal agency for the previous fiscal year. 
(3) C
ONTENTS OF SCORECARD .—The scorecard 
developed under paragraph (1) shall include, for each Federal agency, the following information: 
(A) A determination of whether the Federal 
agency met each of the prime contract goals es-tablished pursuant to section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)) with respect to small business concerns, small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, and small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(B) A determination of whether the Federal 
agency met each of the subcontract goals estab-lished pursuant to such section with respect to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled vet-erans, qualified HUBZone small business con-cerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(C) The number of small business concerns, 
small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, and small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women awarded prime contracts in each North Amer-ican Industry Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number of awarded contracts during the prior fiscal year, if available. 
(D) The number of small business concerns, 
small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, and small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women awarded subcontracts in each North American Industry Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number of awarded subcontracts during the prior fiscal year, if available. 
(E) Any other factors that the Administrator 
deems important to achieve the maximum prac-ticable utilization of small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, and small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(4) W
EIGHTED FACTORS .—In using the score-
card to evaluate and assign a score to a Federal agency, the Administrator shall base— 
(A) fifty percent of the score on the dollar 
value of prime contracts described in paragraph (3)(A); and 
(B) fifty percent of the score on the informa-
tion provided in subparagraphs (B) through (E) 
of paragraph (3), weighted in a manner deter-mined by the Administrator to encourage the maximum practicable opportunity for the award of prime contracts and subcontracts to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled vet-erans, qualified HUBZone small business con-cerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. (5) P
UBLICATION .—The scorecard used by the 
Administrator under this subsection shall be submitted to the President and Congress along with the report submitted under section 15(h)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(h)(2)). 
(6) R
EPORT .—After the Administrator uses the 
scorecard for fiscal year 2018 to assign scores to Federal agencies, but not later than March 31, 2019, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate. Such report shall include the following: 
(A) A description of any increase in the dollar 
amount of prime contracts and subcontracts awarded to small business concerns, small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, and small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(B) A description of any increase in the dollar 
amount of prime contracts and subcontracts, and the total number of contracts, awarded to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled vet-erans, qualified HUBZone small business con-cerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women in each North American Industry Classification System code. 
(C) The recommendation of the Administrator 
on continuing, modifying, expanding, or termi-nating the program established under this sub-section. 
(7) GAO 
REPORT ON SCORECARD METHOD -
OLOGY .—Not later than September 30, 2018, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate a report that— 
(A) evaluates whether the methodology used 
to calculate a score under this subsection accu-rately and effectively— 
(i) measures the compliance of each Federal 
agency with meeting the goals established pur-suant to section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)); and 
(ii) encourages Federal agencies to expand op-
portunities for small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by serv-ice-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, and small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women to compete for and be awarded Federal procure-ment contracts across North American Industry Classification System codes; and 
(B) if warranted, makes recommendations on 
how to improve such methodology to improve its accuracy and effectiveness. 
(8) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. 
(B) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘agen-cy’’ by section 551(1) of title 5, United States Code, but does not include the United States Postal Service or the Government Accountability Office. 
(C) S
CORECARD .—The term ‘‘scorecard’’ shall 
mean any summary using a rating system to evaluate a Federal agency’s efforts to meet goals established under section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)) that— 
(i) includes the measures described in para-
graph (3); and 
(ii) assigns a score to each Federal agency 
evaluated. 
(D) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT DEFINITIONS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The terms ‘‘small business 
concern’’, ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’’, ‘‘quali-
fied HUBZone small business concern’’, and ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by women’’ have the meanings given such terms under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
(ii) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERNS OWNED AND  
CONTROLLED BY SOCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY  
DISADVANTAGED INDIVIDUALS .—The term ‘‘small 
business concern owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged individ-uals’’ has the meaning given that term under section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)). 
SEC. 869. ESTABLISHMENT OF AN OFFICE OF 
HEARINGS AND APPEALS IN THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION; PETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF SIZE STANDARDS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF AN OFFICE OF HEAR-
INGS AND APPEALS IN THE SMALL BUSINESS AD-
MINISTRATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 5 of the Small Busi-
ness Act (15 U.S.C. 634) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) O
FFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(A) O FFICE .—There is established in the Ad-
ministration an Office of Hearings and Ap-peals— 
‘‘(i) to impartially decide matters relating to 
program decisions of the Administrator— 
‘‘(I) for which Congress requires a hearing on 
the record; or 
‘‘(II) that the Administrator designates for 
hearing by regulation; and 
‘‘(ii) which shall contain the office of the Ad-
ministration that handles requests submitted pursuant to sections 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) and maintains records pursu-ant to section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .—The Office of Hearings 
and Appeals shall only hear appeals of matters as described in this Act, the Small Business In-vestment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and title 13 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
‘‘(C) A
SSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR .—The head of 
the Office of Hearings and Appeals shall be the Chief Hearing Officer appointed under section 4(b)(1), who shall be responsible to the Adminis-trator. 
‘‘(2) C
HIEF HEARING OFFICER DUTIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Hearing Officer 
shall— 
‘‘(i) be a career appointee in the Senior Execu-
tive Service and an attorney licensed by a State, commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, or the District of Columbia; and 
‘‘(ii) be responsible for the operation and man-
agement of the Office of Hearings and Appeals. 
‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—The 
Chief Hearing Officer may assign a matter for mediation or other means of alternative dispute resolution. 
‘‘(3) H
EARING OFFICERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Office of Hearings and 
Appeals shall appoint Hearing Officers to carry out the duties described in paragraph (1)(A)(i). 
‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT .—A Hear-
ing Officer appointed under this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) shall serve in the excepted service as an 
employee of the Administration under section 2103 of title 5, United States Code, and under the supervision of the Chief Hearing Officer; 
‘‘(ii) shall be classified at a position to which 
section 5376 of title 5, United States Code, ap-plies; and 
‘‘(iii) shall be compensated at a rate not ex-
ceeding the maximum rate payable under such section. 
‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY ; POWERS .—Notwithstanding 
section 556(b) of title 5, United States Code— 
‘‘(i) a Hearing Officer may hear cases arising 
under section 554 of such title; 
‘‘(ii) a Hearing Officer shall have the powers 
described in section 556(c) of such title; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6397 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(iii) the relevant provisions of subchapter II 
of chapter 5 of such title (except for section 556(b) of such title) shall apply to such Hearing Officer. 
‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CURRENT PERSONNEL .— 
An individual serving as a Judge in the Office of Hearings and Appeals (as that position and office are designated in section 134.101 of title 13, Code of Federal Regulations) on the effective date of this subsection shall be considered as qualified to be, and redesignated as, a Hearing Officer. 
‘‘(4) H
EARING OFFICER DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘Hearing Officer’ means an in-dividual appointed or redesignated under this subsection who is an attorney licensed by a State, commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, or the District of Columbia.’’. 
(2) A
SSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR AS CHIEF HEAR -
ING OFFICER .—Section 4(b)(1) of such Act (15 
U.S.C. 633(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘One such Associate Adminis-trator shall be the Chief Hearing Officer, who shall administer the Office of Hearings and Ap-peals established under section 5(i).’’. 
(3) R
EPEAL OF REGULATION .—Section 134.102(t) 
of title 13, Code of Federal Regulations, as in ef-fect on January 1, 2015 (relating to types of hearings within the jurisdiction of the Office of Hearings and Appeals), shall have no force or effect. 
(b) P
ETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF SIZE 
STANDARDS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .— 
Section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(9) P
ETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF SIZE  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A person may file a peti-
tion for reconsideration with the Office of Hear-ings and Appeals (as established under section 5(i)) of a size standard revised, modified, or es-tablished by the Administrator pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(B) T
IME LIMIT .—A person filing a petition 
for reconsideration described in subparagraph (A) shall file such petition not later than 30 days after the publication in the Federal Reg-ister of the notice of final rule to revise, modify, or establish size standards described in para-graph (6). 
‘‘(C) P
ROCESS FOR AGENCY REVIEW .—The Of-
fice of Hearings and Appeals shall use the same process it uses to decide challenges to the size of a small business concern to decide a petition for review pursuant to this paragraph. 
‘‘(D) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—The publication of a 
final rule in the Federal Register described in subparagraph (B) shall be considered final agency action for purposes of seeking judicial review. Filing a petition for reconsideration under subparagraph (A) shall not be a condition precedent to judicial review of any such size standard.’’. 
SEC. 870. ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF THE DIRECTOR 
OF SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS UTILIZATION. 
Section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 644(k)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (16)(C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (16) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(17) shall, when notified by a small business 
concern prior to the award of a contract that the small business concern believes that a solici-tation, request for proposal, or request for quotation unduly restricts the ability of the small business concern to compete for the award— 
‘‘(A) submit the notice of the small business 
concern to the contracting officer and, if nec-essary, recommend ways in which the solicita-tion, request for proposal, or request for quotation may be altered to increase the oppor-tunity for competition; ‘‘(B) inform the advocate for competition of 
such agency (as established under section 1705 of title 41, United States Code, or section 2318 of title 10, United States Code) of such notice; and 
‘‘(C) ensure that the small business concern is 
aware of other resources and processes available to address unduly restrictive provisions in a so-licitation, request for proposal, or request for quotation, even if such resources and processes are provided by such agency, the Administra-tion, the Comptroller General, or a procurement technical assistance program established under chapter 142 of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 871. INCLUDING SUBCONTRACTING GOALS 
IN AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 1633(b) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2076; 15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended by striking ‘‘assume responsibility for of the agency’s success in achieving small busi-ness contracting goals and percentages’’ and in-serting ‘‘assume responsibility for the agency’s success in achieving each of the small business prime contracting and subcontracting goals and percentages’’. 
SEC. 872. REPORTING RELATED TO FAILURE OF 
CONTRACTORS TO MEET GOALS UNDER NEGOTIATED COMPREHEN-SIVE SMALL BUSINESS SUBCON-TRACTING PLANS. 
Paragraph (2) of section 834(d) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (15 U.S.C. 637 note), as added by sec-tion 821(d)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3434), is amended by striking ‘‘may not negotiate’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘shall report to Congress on any negotiated comprehensive sub-contracting plan that the Secretary determines did not meet the subcontracting goals negotiated in the plan for the prior fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 873. PILOT PROGRAM FOR STREAMLINING 
AWARDS FOR INNOVATIVE TECH-NOLOGY PROJECTS. 
(a) E XCEPTION FROM CERTIFIED COST AND  
PRICING DATA REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments under section 2306a(a) of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to a contract, sub-contract, or modification of a contract or sub-contract valued at less than $7,500,000 awarded to a small business or nontraditional defense contractor pursuant to— 
(1) a technical, merit-based selection proce-
dure, such as a broad agency announcement, or 
(2) the Small Business Innovation Research 
Program, 
unless the head of the agency determines that 
submission of cost and pricing data should be required based on past performance of the spe-cific small business or nontraditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other infor-mation specific to the award. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FROM RECORDS EXAMINATION  
REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under sub-
section (b) of section 2313 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to a contract val-ued at less than $7,500,000 awarded to a small business or nontraditional defense contractor pursuant to— 
(1) a technical, merit-based selection proce-
dure, such as a broad agency announcement, or 
(2) the Small Business Innovation Research 
Program, 
unless the head of the agency determines that 
auditing of records should be required based on past performance of the specific small business or nontraditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other information specific to the award. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The exceptions under subsections 
(a) and (b) shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
(d) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) S MALL BUSINESS .—The term ‘‘small busi-
ness’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small business concern’’ under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (2) N
ONTRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRACTOR .— 
The term ‘‘nontraditional defense contractor’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
(e) S
MALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH  
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATIVE FEEEXTENSION .— 
Section 9(mm)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(mm)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘, for the 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of en-actment of this subsection,’’ and inserting ‘‘and until September 30, 2017,’’. 
SEC. 874. SURETY BOND REQUIREMENTS AND 
AMOUNT OF GUARANTEE. 
(a) S URETY BONDREQUIREMENTS .—Chapter 93 
of subtitle VI of title 31, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 9310. Individual sureties 
‘‘If another applicable Federal law or regula-
tion permits the acceptance of a bond from a surety that is not subject to sections 9305 and 9306 and is based on a pledge of assets by the surety, the assets pledged by such surety shall— 
‘‘(1) consist of eligible obligations described 
under section 9303(a); and 
‘‘(2) be submitted to the official of the Govern-
ment required to approve or accept the bond, who shall deposit the obligations as described under section 9303(b).’’; and 
(2) in the table of contents for such chapter, 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘9310. Individual sureties.’’. 
(b) A
MOUNT OF SURETY BOND GUARANTEE  
FROM SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION .—Sec-
tion 411(c)(1) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 694b(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘70’’ and inserting ‘‘90’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 875. REVIEW OF GOVERNMENT ACCESS TO 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF PRIVATE SECTOR FIRMS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent entity with appropriate ex-pertise to conduct a review of— 
(A) Department of Defense regulations, prac-
tices, and sustainment requirements related to Government access to and use of intellectual property rights of private sector firms; and 
(B) Department of Defense practices related to 
the procurement, management, and use of intel-lectual property rights to facilitate competition in sustainment of weapon systems throughout their life-cycle. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The contract 
shall require that in conducting the review, the independent entity shall consult with the Na-tional Defense Technology and Industrial Base Council (described in section 2502 of title 10, United States Code) and each Center of Indus-trial and Technical Excellence (described in sec-tion 2474 of title 10, United States Code). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the independent entity, along with a description of any actions that the Secretary proposes to re-vise and clarify laws or that the Secretary may take to revise or clarify regulations related to intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 876. INCLUSION IN ANNUAL TECHNOLOGY 
AND INDUSTRIAL CAPABILITY AS-SESSMENTS OF A DETERMINATION ABOUT DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 2505(b) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as 
paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs (3) and (4): 
‘‘(3) determine the extent to which the re-
quirements associated with defense acquisition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6398 September 29, 2015 
programs can be satisfied by the present and 
projected performance capacities of industries supporting the sectors or capabilities in the as-sessment, evaluate the reasons for any variance from applicable preceding determinations, and identify the extent to which those industries are comprised of only one potential source in the national technology and industrial base or have multiple potential sources; 
‘‘(4) determine the extent to which the re-
quirements associated with defense acquisition programs can be satisfied by the present and projected performance capacities of industries that do not actively support Department of De-fense acquisition programs and identify the bar-riers to the participation of those industries;’’. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 881. CONSIDERATION OF POTENTIAL PRO-
GRAM COST INCREASES AND SCHED-ULE DELAYS RESULTING FROM OVERSIGHT OF DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION PROGRAMS. 
(a) A VOIDANCE OF UNNECESSARY COST IN-
CREASES AND SCHEDULE DELAYS .—The Director 
of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Deputy Chief Management Officer, the Director of the Defense Contract Management Agency, the Di-rector of the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Inspector General of the Department of De-fense, and the heads of other defense audit, testing, acquisition, and management agencies shall ensure that policies, procedures, and ac-tivities implemented by their offices and agen-cies in connection with defense acquisition pro-gram oversight do not result in unnecessary in-creases in program costs or cost estimates or delays in schedule or schedule estimates. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF PRIVATE SECTOR BEST 
PRACTICES .—In considering potential cost in-
creases and schedule delays as a result of over-sight efforts pursuant to subsection (a), the offi-cials described in such subsection shall consider private sector best practices with respect to over-sight implementation. 
SEC. 882. EXAMINATION AND GUIDANCE RELAT-
ING TO OVERSIGHT AND APPROVAL OF SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
Not later than March 1, 2016, the Under Sec-
retary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall— 
(1) complete an examination of the decision 
authority related to acquisition of services; and 
(2) develop and issue guidance to improve ca-
pabilities and processes related to requirements development and source selection for, and over-sight and management of, services contracts. 
SEC. 883. STREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATING TO DEFENSE BUSINESS SYS-TEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) R EVISION .—Section 2222 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2222. Defense business systems: business 
process reengineering; enterprise architec-ture; management 
‘‘(a) D
EFENSE BUSINESS PROCESSES GEN-
ERALLY .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that defense business processes are reviewed, and as appropriate revised, through business process reengineering to match best commercial practices, to the maximum extent practicable, so as to minimize customization of commercial busi-ness systems. 
‘‘(b) D
EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEMS GEN-
ERALLY .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that each covered defense business system devel-oped, deployed, and operated by the Department of Defense— 
‘‘(1) supports efficient business processes that 
have been reviewed, and as appropriate revised, through business process reengineering; 
‘‘(2) is integrated into a comprehensive de-
fense business enterprise architecture; 
‘‘(3) is managed in a manner that provides 
visibility into, and traceability of, expenditures for the system; and 
‘‘(4) uses an acquisition and sustainment 
strategy that prioritizes the use of commercial software and business practices. ‘‘(c) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDANCE .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .—The 
Secretary shall issue guidance to provide for the coordination of, and decision making for, the planning, programming, and control of invest-ments in covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORTING GUIDANCE .—The Secretary 
shall direct the Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of the Department of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, the Chief Information Of-ficer, and the Chief Management Officer of each of the military departments to issue and main-tain supporting guidance, as appropriate and within their respective areas of responsibility, for the guidance of the Secretary issued under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE ELEMENTS .—The guidance 
issued under subsection (c)(1) shall include the following elements: 
‘‘(1) Policy to ensure that the business proc-
esses of the Department of Defense are continu-ously reviewed and revised— 
‘‘(A) to implement the most streamlined and 
efficient business processes practicable; and 
‘‘(B) eliminate or reduce the need to tailor 
commercial off-the-shelf systems to meet or in-corporate requirements or interfaces that are unique to the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) A process to establish requirements for 
covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(3) Mechanisms for the planning and control 
of investments in covered defense business sys-tems, including a process for the collection and review of programming and budgeting informa-tion for covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(4) Policy requiring the periodic review of 
covered defense business systems that have been fully deployed, by portfolio, to ensure that in-vestments in such portfolios are appropriate. 
‘‘(5) Policy to ensure full consideration of sus-
tainability and technological refreshment re-quirements, and the appropriate use of open ar-chitectures. 
‘‘(6) Policy to ensure that best acquisition and 
systems engineering practices are used in the procurement and deployment of commercial sys-tems, modified commercial systems, and defense- unique systems to meet Department of Defense missions. 
‘‘(e) D
EFENSE BUSINESS ENTERPRISE ARCHITEC -
TURE.— 
‘‘(1) B LUEPRINT .—The Secretary, working 
through the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, shall develop and maintain a blueprint to guide the development of integrated business processes within the De-partment of Defense. Such blueprint shall be known as the ‘defense business enterprise archi-tecture’. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The defense business enter-
prise architecture shall be sufficiently defined to effectively guide implementation of interoper-able defense business system solutions and shall be consistent with the policies and procedures established by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
‘‘(3) E
LEMENTS .—The defense business enter-
prise architecture shall— 
‘‘(A) include policies, procedures, business 
data standards, business performance measures, and business information requirements that apply uniformly throughout the Department of Defense; and 
‘‘(B) enable the Department of Defense to— ‘‘(i) comply with all applicable law, including 
Federal accounting, financial management, and reporting requirements; 
‘‘(ii) routinely produce verifiable, timely, ac-
curate, and reliable business and financial in-formation for management purposes; 
‘‘(iii) integrate budget, accounting, and pro-
gram information and systems; and 
‘‘(iv) identify whether each existing business 
system is a part of the business systems environ-ment outlined by the defense business enterprise architecture, will become a part of that environ-ment with appropriate modifications, or is not a part of that environment. ‘‘(4) I
NTEGRATION INTO INFORMATION TECH -
NOLOGY ARCHITECTURE .—(A) The defense busi-
ness enterprise architecture shall be integrated into the information technology enterprise ar-chitecture required under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) The Chief Information Officer of the De-
partment of Defense shall develop an informa-tion technology enterprise architecture. The ar-chitecture shall describe a plan for improving the information technology and computing in-frastructure of the Department of Defense, in-cluding for each of the major business processes conducted by the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(f) D
EFENSE BUSINESS COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT FOR COUNCIL .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a Defense Business Coun-cil to provide advice to the Secretary on devel-oping the defense business enterprise architec-ture, reengineering the Department’s business processes, developing and deploying defense business systems, and developing requirements for defense business systems. The Council shall be chaired by the Deputy Chief Management Officer and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Council shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The Chief Management Officers of the 
military departments, or their designees. 
‘‘(B) The following officials of the Department 
of Defense, or their designees: 
‘‘(i) The Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-
quisition, Technology, and Logistics with re-spect to acquisition, logistics, and installations management processes. 
‘‘(ii) The Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-
troller) with respect to financial management and planning and budgeting processes. 
‘‘(iii) The Under Secretary of Defense for Per-
sonnel and Readiness with respect to human re-sources management processes. 
‘‘(g) A
PPROVALS REQUIRED FOR DEVELOP -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure that a covered defense busi-ness system program cannot proceed into devel-opment (or, if no development is required, into production or fielding) unless the appropriate approval official (as specified in paragraph (2)) determines that— 
‘‘(A) the system has been, or is being, reengi-
neered to be as streamlined and efficient as practicable, and the implementation of the sys-tem will maximize the elimination of unique software requirements and unique interfaces; 
‘‘(B) the system and business system portfolio 
are or will be in compliance with the defense business enterprise architecture developed pur-suant to subsection (e) or will be in compliance as a result of modifications planned; 
‘‘(C) the system has valid, achievable require-
ments and a viable plan for implementing those requirements (including, as appropriate, market research, business process reengineering, and prototyping activities); 
‘‘(D) the system has an acquisition strategy 
designed to eliminate or reduce the need to tai-lor commercial off-the-shelf systems to meet unique requirements, incorporate unique re-quirements, or incorporate unique interfaces to the maximum extent practicable; and 
‘‘(E) is in compliance with the Department’s 
auditability requirements. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE OFFICIAL .—For purposes of 
paragraph (1), the appropriate approval official with respect to a covered defense business sys-tem is the following: 
‘‘(A) Except as may be provided in subpara-
graph (C), in the case of a priority defense busi-ness system, the Deputy Chief Management Of-ficer of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(B) Except as may be provided in subpara-
graph (C), for any defense business system other than a priority defense business system— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a system of a military de-
partment, the Chief Management Officer of that military department; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a system of a Defense 
Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6399 September 29, 2015 
or a system that will support the business proc-
ess of more than one military department or De-fense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity, the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(C) In the case of any defense business sys-
tem, such official other than the applicable offi-cial under subparagraph (A) or (B) as the Sec-retary designates for such purpose. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—For any fiscal 
year in which funds are expended for develop-ment or sustainment pursuant to a covered de-fense business system program, the appropriate approval official shall review the system and certify, certify with conditions, or decline to cer-tify, as the case may be, that it continues to sat-isfy the requirements of paragraph (1). If the approval official determines that certification cannot be granted, the approval official shall notify the milestone decision authority for the program and provide a recommendation for cor-rective action. 
‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION OF FUNDS IN VIOLATION OF  
REQUIREMENTS .—The obligation of Department 
of Defense funds for a covered defense business system program that has not been certified in accordance with paragraph (3) is a violation of section 1341(a)(1)(A) of title 31. 
‘‘(h) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF MILESTONE DECISION  
AUTHORITY .—The milestone decision authority 
for a covered defense business system program shall be responsible for the acquisition of such system and shall ensure that acquisition process approvals are not considered for such system until the relevant certifications and approvals have been made under this section. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1)(A) D EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .—The term 
‘defense business system’ means an information system that is operated by, for, or on behalf of the Department of Defense, including any of the following: 
‘‘(i) A financial system. ‘‘(ii) A financial data feeder system. ‘‘(iii) A contracting system. ‘‘(iv) A logistics system. ‘‘(v) A planning and budgeting system. ‘‘(vi) An installations management system. ‘‘(vii) A human resources management system. ‘‘(viii) A training and readiness system. 
‘‘(B) The term does not include— ‘‘(i) a national security system; or ‘‘(ii) an information system used exclusively 
by and within the defense commissary system or the exchange system or other instrumentality of the Department of Defense conducted for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces using nonappropriated funds. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .—The 
term ‘covered defense business system’ means a defense business system that is expected to have a total amount of budget authority, over the pe-riod of the current future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title, in excess of $50,000,000. 
‘‘(3) B
USINESS SYSTEM PORTFOLIO .—The term 
‘business system portfolio’ means all business systems performing functions closely related to the functions performed or to be performed by a covered defense business system. 
‘‘(4) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘covered defense business sys-
tem program’ means a defense acquisition pro-gram to develop and field a covered defense business system or an increment of a covered de-fense business system. 
‘‘(5) P
RIORITY DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘priority defense business sys-
tem’ means a defense business system that is— 
‘‘(A) expected to have a total amount of budg-
et authority over the period of the current fu-ture-years defense program submitted to Con-gress under section 221 of this title in excess of $250,000,000; or 
‘‘(B) designated by the Deputy Chief Manage-
ment Officer of the Department of Defense as a priority defense business system, based on spe-cific program analyses of factors including com-plexity, scope, and technical risk, and after no-
tification to Congress of such designation. 
‘‘(6) E
NTERPRISE ARCHITECTURE .—The term 
‘enterprise architecture’ has the meaning given that term in section 3601(4) of title 44. 
‘‘(7) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘infor-
mation system’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(8) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term 
‘national security system’ has the meaning given that term in section 3552(b)(6)(A) of title 44. 
‘‘(9) B
USINESS PROCESS MAPPING .—The term 
‘business process mapping’ means a procedure in which the steps in a business process are clari-fied and documented in both written form and in a flow chart.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 2222 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘2222. Defense business systems: business proc-
ess reengineering; enterprise ar-chitecture; management.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR GUIDANCE .—The guidance 
required by subsection (c)(1) of section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(1), shall be issued not later than De-cember 31, 2016. 
(c) R
EPEAL .—Section 811 of the John Warner 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is repealed. 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—In each odd-num-
bered year, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of the extent to which the actions taken by the Department of Defense comply with the requirements of section 2222 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROVISION .—Sub-
section (d) of section 332 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 1856) is repealed. 
(e) G
UIDANCE ON ACQUISITION OF BUSINESS  
SYSTEMS .—The Secretary of Defense shall issue 
guidance for major automated information sys-tems acquisition programs to promote the use of best acquisition, contracting, requirement devel-opment, systems engineering, program manage-ment, and sustainment practices, including— 
(1) ensuring that an acquisition program base-
line has been established within two years after program initiation; 
(2) ensuring that program requirements have 
not changed in a manner that increases acquisi-tion costs or delays the schedule, without suffi-cient cause and only after maximum efforts to reengineer business processes prior to changing requirements; 
(3) policies to evaluate commercial off-the- 
shelf business systems for security, resilience, re-liability, interoperability, and integration with existing interrelated systems where such system integration and interoperability are essential to Department of Defense operations; 
(4) policies to work with commercial off-the- 
shelf business system developers and owners in adapting systems for Department of Defense use; 
(5) policies to perform Department of Defense 
legacy system audits to determine which systems are related to or rely upon the system to be re-placed or integrated with commercial off-the- shelf business systems; 
(6) policies to perform full backup of systems 
that will be changed or replaced by the installa-tion of commercial off-the-shelf business systems prior to installation and deployment to ensure reconstitution of the system to a functioning state should it become necessary; 
(7) policies to engage the research and devel-
opment activities and laboratories of the Depart-ment of Defense to improve acquisition out-comes; and (8) policies to refine and improve develop-
mental and operational testing of business proc-esses that are supported by the major automated information systems. 
SEC. 884. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONAL PROTEC-
TIVE EQUIPMENT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the 
Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, in procuring an item of personal protective equip-ment or a critical safety item, use source selec-tion criteria that is predominately based on technical qualifications of the item and not pre-dominately based on price to the maximum ex-tent practicable if the level of quality or failure of the item could result in death or severe bodily harm to the user, as determined by the Secre-taries. 
SEC. 885. AMENDMENTS CONCERNING DETEC-
TION AND AVOIDANCE OF COUNTER-FEIT ELECTRONIC PARTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS RELATED TO CONTRACTOR  
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 818(c)(2)(B) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘electronic’’ 
after ‘‘avoid counterfeit’’; 
(2) in clause (ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘covered’’ after ‘‘provided to 
the’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or were obtained by the cov-
ered contractor in accordance with regulations described in paragraph (3)’’ after ‘‘Regulation’’; and 
(3) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘discovers the 
counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counter-feit electronic parts and’’ after ‘‘contractor’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS RELATED TO TRUSTED SUP-
PLIERS .—Section 818(c)(3)(D)(iii) of such Act 
(Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘review and audit’’ and in-serting ‘‘review, audit, and approval’’. 
SEC. 886. EXCEPTION FOR ABILITYONE PROD-
UCTS FROM AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE GOODS AND SERVICES MANUFAC-TURED IN AFGHANISTAN, CENTRAL ASIAN STATES, AND DJIBOUTI. 
(a) E XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMANU-
FACTURED IN AFGHANISTAN .—Section 886 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and except 
as provided in subsection (d),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE ABILITY ONE 
PROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The authority under 
subsection (a) shall not be available for the pro-curement of any good that is contained in the procurement catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41, United States Code, in Afghanistan if such good can be produced and delivered by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or a nonprofit agency for other severely disabled in a timely fashion to support mission require-ments.’’. 
(b) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMANU-
FACTURED IN CENTRAL ASIAN STATES .—Section 
801 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and except 
as provided in subsection (h),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(h) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE ABILITY ONE 
PROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The authority under 
subsection (a) shall not be available for the pro-curement of any good that is contained in the procurement catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41, United States Code, if such good can be produced and delivered by a qualified non-profit agency for the blind or a nonprofit agen-cy for other severely disabled in a timely fashion to support mission requirements.’’. 
(c) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMANU-
FACTURED IN DJIBOUTI .—Section 1263 of the Carl 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6400 September 29, 2015 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘and except 
as provided in subsection (g),’’ after ‘‘subsection (c),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE ABILITY ONE 
PROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The authority under 
subsection (b) shall not be available for the pro-curement of any good that is contained in the procurement catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41, United States Code, if such good can be produced and delivered by a qualified non-profit agency for the blind or a nonprofit agen-cy for other severely disabled in a timely fashion to support mission requirements.’’. 
SEC. 887. EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION BETWEEN 
GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall prescribe a regulation making clear that agency acquisition personnel are permitted and encouraged to engage in re-sponsible and constructive exchanges with in-dustry, so long as those exchanges are con-sistent with existing law and regulation and do not promote an unfair competitive advantage to particular firms. 
SEC. 888. STANDARDS FOR PROCUREMENT OF SE-
CURE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND CYBER SECURITY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall conduct an assessment of the ap-plication of the Open Trusted Technology Pro-vider Standard or similar public, open tech-nology standards to Department of Defense pro-curements for information technology and cyber security acquisitions and provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment and briefing 
required by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) Assessment of the current Open Trusted 
Technology Provider Standard to determine what aspects might be adopted by the Depart-ment of Defense and where additional develop-ment of the standard may be required. 
(2) Identification of the types or classes of 
programs where the standard might be applied most effectively, as well as identification of types or classes of programs that should specifi-cally be excluded from consideration. 
(3) Assessment of the impact on current acqui-
sition regulations or policies of the adoption of the standard. 
(4) Recommendations the Secretary may have 
related to the adoption of the standard or im-provement in the standard to support Depart-ment acquisitions. 
(5) Any other matters the Secretary may deem 
appropriate. 
SEC. 889. UNIFIED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
SERVICES. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Chief Management Officer, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall jointly complete a business case analysis to de-termine the most effective and efficient way to procure and deploy common information tech-nology services. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The business case analysis re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include an assess-ment of whether the Department of Defense should— 
(1) either— (A) acquire a unified set of commercially pro-
vided common or enterprise information tech-nology services, including such services as mes-saging, collaboration, directory, security, and content delivery; or (B) allow the military departments and other 
components of the Department to acquire such services separately; 
(2) either— (A) acquire such services from a single pro-
vider that bundles all of the services; or 
(B) require that each common service be inde-
pendently defined and use open standards to enable continuous adoption of best commercial technology; and 
(3) enable availability of multiple versions of 
each type of service and application to enable choice and competition while supporting inter-operability where necessary. 
SEC. 890. CLOUD STRATEGY FOR DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C LOUD STRATEGY FOR SECRET INTERNET  
PROTOCOL ROUTER NETWORK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Department of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the chief information officers of the military de-partments, develop a cloud strategy for the Se-cret Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet) of the Department. 
(2) M
ATTERS ADDRESSED .—This strategy re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall address the fol-lowing: 
(A) Security requirements. (B) The compatibility of applications cur-
rently utilized within the Secret Internet Pro-tocol Router Network with a cloud computing environment. 
(C) How a Secret Internet Protocol Router 
Network cloud capability should be competi-tively acquired. 
(D) How a Secret Internet Protocol Router 
Network cloud system for the Department would achieve interoperability with the cloud systems of the intelligence community (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) operating at the security level Sen-sitive Compartmented Information. 
(b) P
RICING POLICY AND COST RECOVERY  
PROCESS FOR CERTAIN CLOUD SERVICES .—The 
Chief Information Officer shall, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-ligence, develop a consistent pricing policy and cost recovery process for the use by Department of Defense components of the cloud services pro-vided through the Intelligence Community In-formation Technology Environment. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT OF FEASIBILITY AND ADVIS-
ABILITY OF IMPOSING MINIMUM STANDARDS .— 
The Chief Information Officer shall assess the feasibility and advisability of imposing a min-imum set of open standards for cloud infrastruc-ture, middle-ware, metadata, and application programming interfaces to promote interoper-ability, information sharing, ease of access to data, and competition across all of the cloud computing systems and services utilized by com-ponents of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 891. DEVELOPMENT PERIOD FOR DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) F LEXIBLE LIMITATION ON DEVELOPMENT  
PERIOD .—Section 2445b of title 10, United States 
Code is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) T IME-CERTAIN DEVELOPMENT .—If an ad-
justment or revision under subsection (c) for a major automated information system that is not a national security system provides for a period in excess of five years from the time of program initiation to the time of a full deployment deci-sion, the documents submitted under subsection (a) shall include a written determination by the senior Department of Defense official respon-sible for the program justifying the need for the longer period.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF INCONSISTENT REQUIREMENT .— 
Section 2445c(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a period; and 
(3) by striking subparagraph (D). 
SEC. 892. REVISIONS TO PILOT PROGRAM ON AC-
QUISITION OF MILITARY PURPOSE NONDEVELOPMENTAL ITEMS. 
Section 866 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘with non-
traditional defense contractors’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘awarded 
using competitive procedures in accordance with chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’. 
SEC. 893. IMPROVED AUDITING OF CONTRACTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON PERFORMANCE OF NON-DE-
FENSE AUDITS BY DCAA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Defense Contract Audit Agency may not provide audit support for non-Defense Agencies unless the Secretary of Defense certifies that the backlog for incurred cost audits is less than 18 months of incurred cost inventory. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT IN FUNDING FOR REIMBURSE -
MENTS FROM NON -DEFENSE AGENCIES .—The 
amount appropriated and otherwise available to the Defense Contract Audit Agency for a fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2016, shall be reduced by an amount equivalent to any reim-bursements received by the Agency from non- Defense Agencies for audit support provided. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS TO DEFENSE CONTRACT  
AUDIT AGENCY ANNUAL REPORT .—Section 
2313a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (D) to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) the total costs of sustained or recovered 
costs both as a total number and as a percent-age of questioned costs; and’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(3) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) a description of outreach actions toward 
industry to promote more effective use of audit resources; and’’. 
(c) R
EVIEW OF ACQUISITION OVERSIGHT AND  
AUDITS .— 
(1) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall review the oversight and audit struc-ture of the Department of Defense with the goals of— 
(A) enhancing the productivity of oversight 
and program and contract auditing to avoid du-plicative audits; and 
(B) streamlining of oversight reviews. (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure streamlined oversight reviews and avoid-ance of duplicative audits and make rec-ommendations in the report required under paragraph (3) for any necessary changes in law. 
(3) R
EPORT .— 
(A) Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on actions taken to avoid duplicative audits and streamline oversight re-views. 
(B) The report required under this paragraph 
shall include the following elements: 
(i) A description of actions taken to avoid du-
plicative audits and streamline oversight reviews based on the review conducted under paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6401 September 29, 2015 
(ii) A comparison of commercial industry ac-
counting practices, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–204; 15 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), with the cost accounting standards prescribed under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code, to de-termine if some portions of cost accounting standards compliance can be met through such practices or requirements. 
(iii) A description of standards of materiality 
used by the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Inspector General of the Department of De-fense for defense contract audits. 
(iv) An estimate of average delay and range of 
delays in contract awards due to the time nec-essary for the Defense Contract Audit Agency to complete pre-award audits. 
(v) The total costs of sustained or recovered 
costs both as a total number and as a percent-age of questioned costs. 
(d) I
NCURRED COSTINVENTORY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘incurred cost inventory’’ means the level of contractor incurred cost pro-posals in inventory from prior fiscal years that are currently being audited by the Defense Con-tract Audit Agency. 
SEC. 894. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EVALUATION 
METHOD FOR PROCUREMENT OF AUDIT OR AUDIT READINESS SERV-ICES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Given the size, scope, and complexity of 
the Department of Defense, the statutory dead-line to establish and maintain auditable finan-cial statements, starting with the fiscal year 2018 financial statement, is one of the more challenging management tasks that has ever faced the Department. 
(2) As the military services have never re-
ceived a clean opinion on their consolidated fi-nancial statements and only recently begun au-diting portions of their financial statements, the audits of military service financial statements will also be a complex challenge for companies selected to provide audit services. 
(3) The acquisition of services by the Depart-
ment abides by many rules and parameters, one of which is the lowest price, technically accept-able (LPTA) evaluation method. LPTA is gen-erally appropriate for commercial or noncomplex services or supplies where the requirement is clearly definable and the risk of unsuccessful contract performance is minimal. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, before using the lowest price, technically acceptable evaluation method for the procurement of audit or audit readiness services, the Secretary of Defense should estab-lish the values and metrics for evaluating com-panies offering audit services, including finan-cial management and audit expertise and expe-rience, personnel qualifications and certifi-cations, past performance, technology, tools, and size. 
SEC. 895. MITIGATING POTENTIAL UNFAIR COM-
PETITIVE ADVANTAGE OF TECH-NICAL ADVISORS TO ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics shall review, and as necessary revise or issue, policy guidance pertaining to the identi-fication, mitigation, and prevention of potential unfair competitive advantage conferred to tech-nical advisors to acquisition programs. 
SEC. 896. SURVEY ON THE COSTS OF REGU-
LATORY COMPLIANCE. 
(a) S URVEY .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
conduct a survey of contractors with the highest level of reimbursements for cost type contracts with the Department of Defense during fiscal year 2014 to estimate industry’s cost of regu-latory compliance (as a percentage of total costs) with Government-unique acquisition regu-lations and requirements in the categories of quality assurance, accounting and financial management, contracting and purchasing, pro-gram management, engineering, logistics, mate-
rial management, property administration, and other unique requirements not imposed on con-tracts for commercial items. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the findings of the survey conducted under subsection (a). The data received as a result of the survey and in-cluded in the report shall be aggregated to pro-tect against the public release of proprietary in-formation. 
SEC. 897. TREATMENT OF INTERAGENCY AND 
STATE AND LOCAL PURCHASES WHEN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ACTS AS CONTRACT INTER-MEDIARY FOR THE GENERAL SERV-ICES ADMINISTRATION. 
Contracts executed by the Department of De-
fense as a result of the transfer of contracts from the General Services Administration or for which the Department serves as an item man-ager for products on behalf of the General Serv-ices Administration shall not be subject to re-quirements under chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, to the extent such contracts are for purchases of products by other Federal agencies or State or local governments. 
SEC. 898. COMPETITION FOR RELIGIOUS SERV-
ICES CONTRACTS. 
The Department of Defense may not preclude 
a non-profit organization from competing for a contract for religious related services on a United States military installation. 
SEC. 899. PILOT PROGRAM REGARDING RISK- 
BASED CONTRACTING FOR SMALLER CONTRACT ACTIONS UNDER THE TRUTH IN NEGOTIATIONS ACT. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may conduct a pilot program to demonstrate the efficacy of using risk-based techniques in requiring submission of data on a sampling basis for purposes of section 2306a of title 10, United States Code (popularly known as the ‘‘Truth in Negotiations Act’’). 
(b) I
NCREASE IN THRESHOLDS .—For purposes 
of a pilot program under subsection (a), $5,000,000 shall be the threshold applicable to re-quirements under paragraph (1) of section 2306a(a) of such title, as follows: 
(1) The requirement under subparagraph (A) 
of such paragraph to submit cost or pricing data for a prime contract entered into during the pilot program period. 
(2) The requirement under subparagraph (B) 
of such paragraph to submit cost or pricing data for the change or modification to a prime con-tract made during the pilot program period. 
(3) The requirement under subparagraph (C) 
of such paragraph to submit cost or pricing data for a subcontract entered into during the pilot program period. 
(4) The requirement under subparagraph (D) 
of such paragraph to submit cost or pricing data for the change or modification to a subcontract made during the pilot program period. 
(c) R
ISK-BASED CONTRACTING .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO REQUIRE SUBMISSION OF  
COST OR PRICING DATA ON BELOW -THRESHOLD  
CONTRACTS .—Subject to paragraph (4), when 
certified cost or pricing data are not required to be submitted pursuant to subsection (b) for a contract or subcontract entered into or modified during the pilot program period, such data may nevertheless be required to be submitted by the head of the procuring activity, if the head of the procuring activity— 
(A) determines that such data are necessary 
for the evaluation by the agency of the reason-ableness of the price of the contract, sub-contract, or modification of a contract or sub-contract; or 
(B) requires the submission of such data in ac-
cordance with a risk-based contracting ap-proach established pursuant to paragraph (3). 
(2) W
RITTEN DETERMINATION REQUIRED .—In 
any case in which the head of the procuring ac-tivity requires certified cost or pricing data to be 
submitted under paragraph (1)(A), the head of the procuring activity shall justify in writing the reason for such requirement. 
(3) R
ISK-BASED CONTRACTING .—The head of an 
agency shall establish a risk-based sampling ap-proach under which the submission of certified cost or pricing data may be required for a risk- based sample of contracts, the price of which is expected to exceed $750,000 but not $5,000,000. The authority to require certified cost or pricing data under this paragraph shall not apply to any contract of an offeror that has not been awarded, for at least the one-year period pre-ceding the issuance of a solicitation for the con-tract, any other contract in excess of $5,000,000 under which the offeror was required to submit certified cost or pricing data under section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. 
(4) E
XCEPTION .—The head of the procuring 
activity may not require certified cost or pricing data to be submitted under this subsection for any contract or subcontract, or modification of a contract or subcontract, covered by the excep-tions in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 2306a(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
(5) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY PROHIBITED .— 
The head of a procuring activity may not dele-gate functions under this subsection. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than January 1, 2017, 
and January 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on activities undertaken under this section. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H EAD OF AN AGENCY .—The term ‘‘head of 
an agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) P
ILOT PROGRAM PERIOD .—The term ‘‘pilot 
program period’’ means the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on September 30, 2019. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Sec. 901. Update of statutory specification of 
functions of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force development activities. 
Sec. 902. Sense of Congress on the United States 
Marine Corps. 
SEC. 901. UPDATE OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION 
OF FUNCTIONS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RE-LATING TO JOINT FORCE DEVELOP-MENT ACTIVITIES. 
Section 153(a)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) Advising the Secretary on development of 
joint command, control, communications, and cyber capability, including integration and interoperability of such capability, through re-quirements, integrated architectures, data standards, and assessments.’’. 
SEC. 902. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES MARINE CORPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) As senior United States statesman Dr. 
Henry Kissinger wrote in testimony submitted to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on January 29, 2015, ‘‘The United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’. 
(2) The rise of non-state forces and near peer 
competitors has introduced destabilizing pres-sures around the globe. 
(3) Advances in information and weapons 
technology have reduced the time available for the United States to prepare for and respond to crises against both known and unknown threats. 
(4) The importance of the maritime domain 
cannot be overstated. As acknowledged in the March 2015 Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard maritime strategy, ‘‘A Cooperative Strat-egy for 21st Century Seapower: Forward, En-gaged, Ready’’: ‘‘Oceans are the lifeblood of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6402 September 29, 2015 
interconnected global community. . . 90 percent 
of trade by volume travels across the oceans. Approximately 70 percent of the world’s popu-lation lives within 100 miles of the coastline.’’. 
(5) The United States must be prepared to rap-
idly respond to crises around the world regard-less of the nation’s fiscal health. 
(6) In this global security environment, it is 
critical that the nation possess a maritime force whose mission and ethos is readiness—a fight tonight force, forward deployed, that can re-spond immediately to emergent crises across the full range of military operations around the globe either from the sea or home station. 
(7) The need for such a force was recognized 
by the 82nd Congress during the Korean War, when it mandated a core mission for the na-tion’s leanest force—the Marine Corps—to be most ready when the nation is least ready. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Marine Corps, within the Department 
of the Navy, remain the Nation’s expeditionary, crisis response force; 
(2) the need for such a force with such a capa-
bility has never been greater; and 
(3) accordingly, in recognition of this need 
and the wisdom of the 82nd Congress, the 114th Congress reaffirms section 5063 of title 10, United States Code, which states that the Ma-rine Corps— 
(A) shall— (i) be organized to include not less than three 
combat divisions and three air wings, and such other land combat, aviation, and other services as may be organic therein; 
(ii) be organized, trained, and equipped to 
provide fleet marine forces of combined arms, to-gether with supporting air components, for serv-ice with the fleet in the seizure or defense of ad-vanced naval bases and for the conduct of such land operations as may be essential to the pros-ecution of a naval campaign; and 
(iii) provide detachments and organizations 
for service on armed vessels of the Navy, provide security detachments for the protection of naval property at naval stations and bases, and per-form such other duties as the President may di-rect; 
but these additional duties may not detract from 
nor interfere with the operations for which the Marine Corps is primarily organized; 
(B) shall develop, in coordination with the 
Army and the Air Force, those phases of am-phibious operations that pertain to the tactics, techniques, and equipment used by landing forces; and 
(C) is responsible, in accordance with the inte-
grated joint mobilization plans, for the expan-sion of peacetime components of the Marine Corps to meet the needs of war. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. 
Sec. 1002. Accounting standards to value cer-
tain property, plant, and equip-ment items. 
Sec. 1003. Report on auditable financial state-
ments. 
Sec. 1004. Sense of Congress on sequestration. Sec. 1005. Annual audit of financial statements 
of Department of Defense compo-nents by independent external auditors. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
Sec. 1011. Extension of authority to support 
unified counterdrug and counter-terrorism campaign in Colombia. 
Sec. 1012. Extension and expansion of authority 
to provide additional support for counter-drug activities of certain foreign governments. 
Sec. 1013. Sense of Congress on Central Amer-
ica. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
Sec. 1021. Additional information supporting 
long-range plans for construction of naval vessels. Sec. 1022. National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. 
Sec. 1023. Extension of authority for reimburse-
ment of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat. 
Sec. 1024. Availability of funds for retirement or 
inactivation of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock landing ships. 
Sec. 1025. Limitation on the use of funds for re-
moval of ballistic missile defense capabilities from Ticonderoga class cruisers. 
Sec. 1026. Independent assessment of United 
States Combat Logistic Force re-quirements. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
Sec. 1031. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-
fer or release of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. 
Sec. 1032. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1033. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-
fer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1034. Reenactment and modification of cer-
tain prior requirements for certifi-cations relating to transfer of de-tainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to foreign countries and other for-eign entities. 
Sec. 1035. Comprehensive detention strategy. Sec. 1036. Prohibition on use of funds for re-
alignment of forces at or closure of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1037. Report on current detainees at 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, deter-mined or assessed to be high risk or medium risk. 
Sec. 1038. Reports to Congress on contact be-
tween terrorists and individuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1039. Inclusion in reports to Congress of in-
formation about recidivism of in-dividuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1040. Report to Congress on terms of writ-
ten agreements with foreign coun-tries regarding transfer of detain-ees at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1041. Report on use of United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prisons or detention or disciplinary facilities in recruitment or other propa-ganda of terrorist organizations. 
Sec. 1042. Permanent authority to provide re-
wards through government per-sonnel of allied forces and certain other modifications to Department of Defense program to provide re-wards. 
Sec. 1043. Sunset on exception to congressional 
notification of sensitive military operations. 
Sec. 1044. Repeal of semiannual reports on obli-
gation and expenditure of funds for the combating terrorism pro-gram. 
Sec. 1045. Limitation on interrogation tech-
niques. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
Sec. 1051. Department of Defense excess prop-
erty program. 
Sec. 1052. Sale or donation of excess personal 
property for border security ac-tivities. 
Sec. 1053. Management of military technicians. Sec. 1054. Limitation on transfer of certain AH– 
64 Apache helicopters from Army National Guard to regular Army and related personnel levels. 
Sec. 1055. Authority to provide training and 
support to personnel of foreign ministries of defense. 
Sec. 1056. Information operations and engage-
ment technology demonstrations. 
Sec. 1057. Prohibition on use of funds for retire-
ment of Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 84 and 85 aircraft. 
Sec. 1058. Limitation on availability of funds 
for destruction of certain land-mines and report on department of defense policy and inventory of anti-personnel landmine muni-tions. 
Sec. 1059. Department of Defense authority to 
provide assistance to secure the southern land border of the United States. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
Sec. 1060. Provision of defense planning guid-
ance and contingency planning guidance information to Congress. 
Sec. 1061. Expedited meetings of the National 
Commission on the Future of the Army. 
Sec. 1062. Modification of certain reports sub-
mitted by Comptroller General of 
the United States. 
Sec. 1063. Report on implementation of the geo-
graphically distributed force laydown in the area of responsi-bility of United States Pacific Command. 
Sec. 1064. Independent study of national secu-
rity strategy formulation process. 
Sec. 1065. Report on the status of detection, 
identification, and disablement capabilities related to remotely pi-loted aircraft. 
Sec. 1066. Report on options to accelerate the 
training of pilots of remotely pi-loted aircraft. 
Sec. 1067. Studies of fleet platform architectures 
for the Navy. 
Sec. 1068. Report on strategy to protect United 
States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
Sec. 1069. Comptroller General briefing and re-
port on major medical facility projects of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
Sec. 1070. Submittal to Congress of munitions 
assessments. 
Sec. 1071. Potential role for United States 
ground forces in the Western Pa-cific theater. 
Sec. 1072. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to military per-sonnel issues. 
Sec. 1073. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements relating to readiness. 
Sec. 1074. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to naval ves-sels and Merchant Marine. 
Sec. 1075. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to civilian per-sonnel. 
Sec. 1076. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to nuclear pro-liferation and related matters. 
Sec. 1077. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to acquisition. 
Sec. 1078. Repeal or revision of miscellaneous 
reporting requirements. 
Sec. 1079. Repeal of reporting requirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6403 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 1080. Termination of requirement for sub-
mittal to Congress of reports re-quired of Department of Defense by statute. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1081. Technical and clerical amendments. 
Sec. 1082. Situations involving bombings of 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facili-ties. 
Sec. 1083. Executive agent for the oversight and 
management of alternative com-pensatory control measures. 
Sec. 1084. Navy support of Ocean Research Ad-
visory Panel. 
Sec. 1085. Level of readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
Fleet carriers. 
Sec. 1086. Reform and improvement of personnel 
security, insider threat detection and prevention, and physical se-curity. 
Sec. 1087. Transfer of surplus firearms to Cor-
poration for the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Firearms Safe-ty. 
Sec. 1088. Modification of requirements for 
transferring aircraft within the Air Force inventory. 
Sec. 1089. Reestablishment of Commission to As-
sess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack. 
Sec. 1090. Mine countermeasures master plan 
and report. 
Sec. 1091. Congressional notification and brief-
ing requirement on ordered evacu-ations of United States embassies and consulates involving support provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1092. Interagency Hostage Recovery Coor-
dinator. 
Sec. 1093. Sense of Congress on the inadvertent 
transfer of anthrax from the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1094. Modification of certain requirements 
applicable to major medical facil-ity lease for a Department of Vet-erans Affairs outpatient clinic in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
Sec. 1095. Authorization of fiscal year 2015 
major medical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Sec. 1096. Designation of construction agent for 
certain construction projects by Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 1097. Department of Defense strategy for 
countering unconventional war-fare. 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the 
Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any sub-divisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the au-thority of this section may not exceed $4,500,000,000. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer 
of funds between military personnel authoriza-tions under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). 
(b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by 
subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— (1) may only be used to provide authority for 
items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and 
(2) may not be used to provide authority for 
an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. 
(c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A 
transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. 
(d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall 
promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS TO VALUE 
CERTAIN PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT ITEMS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN ACCOUNTING  
STANDARDS .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
work in coordination with the Federal Account-ing Standards Advisory Board to establish ac-counting standards to value large and unordinary general property, plant, and equip-ment items. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—The accounting standards re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be established by not later than September 30, 2017, and be avail-able for use for the full audit on the financial statements of the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2018, as required by section 1003(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 842; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note). 
SEC. 1003. REPORT ON AUDITABLE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report ranking all military depart-ments and Defense Agencies in order of how ad-vanced they are in achieving auditable finan-cial statements as required by law. The report should not include information otherwise avail-able in other reports to Congress. 
SEC. 1004. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SEQUESTRA-
TION. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— 
(1) the fiscal challenges of the Federal Gov-
ernment are a top priority for Congress, and se-questration—non-strategic, across-the-board budget cuts—remains an unreasonable and in-adequate budgeting tool to address the deficits and debt of the Federal Government; 
(2) budget caps imposed by the Budget Control 
Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25) impose unac-ceptable limitations on the budget and increase risk to the national security of the United States; and 
(3) the budget caps imposed by the Budget 
Control Act of 2011 must be modified or elimi-nated through a bipartisan legislative agree-ment. 
SEC. 1005. ANNUAL AUDIT OF FINANCIAL STATE-
MENTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMPONENTS BY INDE-PENDENT EXTERNAL AUDITORS. 
(a) A UDITS REQUIRED .—For purposes of satis-
fying the requirement under section 3521(e) of title 31, United States Code, for audits of finan-cial statements of Department of Defense compo-nents identified by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget under section 3515(c) of such title, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Defense shall obtain each year au-dits of the financial statements of each such component by an independent external auditor. 
(b) S
ELECTION OF AUDITORS .—The selection of 
independent external auditors for purposes of subsection (a) shall be based, among other ap-propriate criteria, on their qualifications, inde-pendence, and capacity to conduct audits de-scribed in subsection (a) in accordance with ap-plicable generally accepted government auditing standards. The Inspector General shall partici-pate in the selection of the independent external auditors. 
(c) M
ONITORING AUDITS .—The Inspector Gen-
eral shall monitor the conduct of all audits by independent external auditors under subsection 
(a). 
(d) R EPORTS ON AUDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General shall 
require the independent external auditors con-ducting audits under subsection (a) to submit a report on their audits each year to— 
(A) the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-
troller) as the Chief Financial Officer of the De-partment of Defense for the purposes of chapter 9 of title 31, United States Code; 
(B) the Controller of the Office of Federal Fi-
nancial Management in the Office of Manage-ment and Budget; and 
(C) the appropriate committees of Congress. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAW.—The re-
quirements of this section— 
(1) shall be implemented in a manner that is 
consistent with the requirements of section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 10 U.S.C. 113 note); 
(2) shall not be construed to alter the require-
ment under section 3521(e) of title 31, United States Code, that the financial statements of the Department of Defense as a whole be audited by the Inspector General or by an independent ex-ternal auditor, as determined by the Inspector General; and 
(3) shall not be construed to limit or alter the 
authorities of the Comptroller General of the United States under section 3521(g) of title 31, United States Code. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
SEC. 1011. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT UNIFIED COUNTERDRUG AND COUNTERTERRORISM CAMPAIGN IN COLOMBIA. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 1021 
of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2042), as most recently amend-ed by section 1011(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3483), is further amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF ANNUAL NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS ON ASSISTANCE .—Section 1011(b) of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘(as amended by subsection (a)) using funds available for fis-cal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘using funds avail-able for any fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 1012. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF AU-
THORITY TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL SUPPORT FOR COUNTER-DRUG AC-TIVITIES OF CERTAIN FOREIGN GOV-ERNMENTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 
1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1881), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 844), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL GOVERNMENTS ELIGIBLE TO 
RECEIVE SUPPORT .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion 1033, as so amended, is further amended by adding at the end of the following new para-graphs: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6404 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(40) Government of Kenya. 
‘‘(41) Government of Tanzania.’’. 
(c) R EPORT ON USE OF AUTHORITY .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the authority to provide additional support for counter-drug activities of foreign governments in section 1033 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1998. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include, at a 
minimum, the following: 
(A) A description of the use of the authority 
over time, and of the use of the authority as in effect during fiscal years 2014 and 2015. 
(B) A description of the impetus for the ex-
pansion of the countries eligible for assistance under the program. 
(C) A description of the impetus for the in-
creases over time in the amounts of fund re-quested for assistance under the program. 
(D) A description of the processes through 
which priorities are established for countries and regions to be assisted under the program. 
(E) An assessment of the advantages and dis-
advantages of providing assistance under the program on a country-by country basis rather than providing such assistance on a global basis. 
(F) A description of the funding challenges, if 
any, associated with providing assistance under the program on a country-by country basis and with providing such assistance on a global basis. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 1013. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CENTRAL 
AMERICA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) The stability and security of Central Amer-
ican nations have a direct impact on the sta-bility and security of the United States. 
(2) Over the past decade, increased stability 
and security in the Republic of Colombia has displaced illicit trafficking to Central America, bringing with it increased violence and insta-bility. 
(3) According to the Global Study on Homicide 
2013 of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, four of the top five countries with the highest homicide rates in the world were Central American nations, including Honduras, Belize, El Salvador, and Guatemala. 
(4) In 2014, approximately 65,000 unaccom-
panied alien children from Central America en-tered the United States through its southwest border. 
(5) In November 2014, Guatemala, Honduras, 
and El Salvador announced a Plan for the Alli-ance for Prosperity of the Northern Triangle, which is a comprehensive approach to address the ongoing violence and instability facing these three nations by stimulating economic opportu-nities, improving public safety and rule of law, and strengthening institutions to increase trust in the state. 
(6) The United States Government is sup-
portive of the Alliance for Prosperity, and Presi-dent’s strategy for support includes $1,000,000,000 focused on promoting prosperity and regional economic integration, enhancing security, and promoting improved governance. 
(7) The Department of Defense continues to 
build the capacity of our partners in the region to address their security challenges and con-front threats of mutual concern. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— (1) the United States should, to the extent 
practicable, prioritize efforts to address the threatening levels of violence, instability, illicit trafficking, and transnational organized crime that challenge the sovereignty of Central Amer-ican nations and the security of the United States; and 
(2) in order to address such issues, the Depart-
ment of Defense, to the extent practicable, should— 
(A) increase its operations, as the lead agency 
of the United States Government, to detect and monitor aerial and maritime illicit trafficking into the United States; 
(B) increase its efforts to support aerial and 
maritime illicit trafficking interdiction oper-ations; 
(C) increase its operations to build the capac-
ity of partner nations in Central America to confront their own security challenges; 
(D) support interagency programs and activi-
ties in Central America addressing instability, including development, education, economic, po-litical, and security challenges; and 
(E) promote observance of and respect for 
human rights and fundamental freedoms and respect for civilian control of the military. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1021. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SUP-
PORTING LONG-RANGE PLANS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
Section 231(b)(2)(C) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘by ship class in both graphical and tabular form’’ after ‘‘The es-timated levels of annual funding’’. 
SEC. 1022. NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE 
FUND. 
(a) E NHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF NAVY TO USENATIONAL SEA-BASED 
DETERRENCE FUND.—Section 2218a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as 
subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(f) A UTHORITY TO ENTER INTO ECONOMIC  
ORDER QUANTITY CONTRACTS .—(1) The Sec-
retary of the Navy may use funds deposited in the Fund to enter into contracts known as ‘eco-nomic order quantity contracts’ with private shipyards and other commercial or government entities to achieve economic efficiencies based on production economies for major components or subsystems. The authority under this sub-section extends to the procurement of parts, components, and systems (including weapon systems) common with and required for other nuclear powered vessels under joint economic order quantity contracts. 
‘‘(2) A contract entered into under paragraph 
(1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the con-tract is subject to the availability of appropria-tions for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY TO BEGIN MANUFACTURING  
ANDFABRICATION EFFORTS PRIOR TO SHIPAU-
THORIZATION .—(1) The Secretary of the Navy 
may use funds deposited into the Fund to enter into contracts for advance construction of na-tional sea-based deterrence vessels to support achieving cost savings through workload man-agement, manufacturing efficiencies, or work-force stability, or to phase fabrication activities within shipyard and manage sub-tier manufac-turer capacity. 
‘‘(2) A contract entered into under paragraph 
(1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the con-tract is subject to the availability of appropria-tions for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORITY TO USEINCREMENTAL FUND-
ING TO ENTER INTO CONTRACTS FOR CERTAIN  ITEMS.—(1) The Secretary of the Navy may use 
funds deposited into the Fund to enter into in-crementally funded contracts for advance pro-curement of high value, long lead time items for nuclear powered vessels to better support con-struction schedules and achieve cost savings through schedule reductions and properly phased installment payments. 
‘‘(2) A contract entered into under paragraph 
(1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the con-tract is subject to the availability of appropria-tions for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF AUTHOR -
ITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS.—Section 1022(b)(1) of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3487) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, 
or 2017’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘for the Navy for the Ohio Re-
placement Program’’ and inserting ‘‘for the De-partment of Defense’’. 
SEC. 1023. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIM-
BURSEMENT OF EXPENSES FOR CER-TAIN NAVY MESS OPERATIONS AFLOAT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (b) of section 1014 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4585), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383, 124 Stat. 4348), is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CLARIFYING AMEND -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘not more that’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Naval ves-
sels’’ and inserting ‘‘such vessels’’. 
SEC. 1024. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIRE-
MENT OR INACTIVATION OF TICON-DEROGA CLASS CRUISERS OR DOCK LANDING SHIPS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 may be obligated or expended to retire, pre-pare to retire, inactivate, or place in storage a cruiser or dock landing ship, except as provided in section 1026(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3490). 
SEC. 1025. LIMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS 
FOR REMOVAL OF BALLISTIC MIS-SILE DEFENSE CAPABILITIES FROM TICONDEROGA CLASS CRUISERS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used to remove ballistic missile defense capabilities from any of the 5 Ticonderoga class cruisers equipped with such capabilities until the Secretary of the Navy certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that the Navy has— 
(1) obtained the ballistic missile defense capa-
bilities required by the most recent Navy Force Structure Assessment; 
(2) entered into a modernization of such cruis-
ers that will provide an equal or improved bal-listic missile defense capability; or 
(3) obtained at least 40 large surface combat-
ants with ballistic missile defense capability. 
SEC. 1026. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF 
UNITED STATES COMBAT LOGISTIC FORCE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall seek to enter into an agreement with a fed-erally funded research and development center 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6405 September 29, 2015 
with appropriate expertise and analytical capa-
bility to conduct an assessment of the antici-pated future demands of the combat logistics force ships of the Navy and the challenges such ships may face when conducting and supporting future naval operations in contested maritime environments. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment under para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the programmed ability 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support the Navy and the naval forces of allies of the United States that are operating in a dis-persed manner and not concentrated in carrier or expeditionary strike groups, in accordance with the concept of distributed lethality of the Navy. 
(B) An assessment of the programmed ability 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support the Navy and the naval forces of allies of the United States that are engaged in major combat operations against an adversary pos-sessing maritime anti-access and area-denial ca-pabilities, including anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles, land-based maritime strike air-craft, submarines, and sea mines. 
(C) An assessment of the programmed ability 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support distributed and expeditionary air oper-ations from an expanded set of alternative and austere air bases in accordance with concepts under development by the Air Force and the Marine Corps. 
(D) An assessment of gaps and deficiencies in 
the capability and capacity of the United States Combat Logistic Force to conduct and support operations of the United States and allies under the conditions described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C). 
(E) Recommendations for adjustments to the 
programmed ability of the United States Combat Logistic Force to address capability and capac-ity gaps and deficiencies described in subpara-graph (D). 
(F) Any other matters the federally funded re-
search and development center considers appro-priate. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that in-cludes the assessment under subsection (a) and any other matters the Secretary considers ap-propriate. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) S
UPPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
provide the federally funded research and devel-opment center that conducts the assessment under subsection (a) with timely access to ap-propriate information, data, resources, and analyses necessary for the center to conduct such assessment thoroughly and independently. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or 
otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, re-lease, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a member 
of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after January 20, 2009, 
at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 1032. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense unless authorized by Congress. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection 
(a) shall not apply to any modification of facili-ties at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
(c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual 
detained at Guantanamo’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1034(f)(2). 
SEC. 1033. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES OF INDIVIDUALS DE-TAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or 
otherwise available for the Department of De-fense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, re-lease, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of any country, or any entity within such country, as follows: 
(1) Libya. (2) Somalia. (3) Syria. (4) Yemen. 
SEC. 1034. REENACTMENT AND MODIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN PRIOR REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFICATIONS RELATING TO TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES AND OTHER FOR-EIGN ENTITIES. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED PRIOR TO TRANS-
FER.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the Secretary of Defense may not use any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise available to the Department of De-fense to transfer any individual detained at Guantanamo to the custody or control of the in-dividual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity unless the Secretary submits to the appropriate committees of Congress the certification described in sub-section (b) not later than 30 days before the transfer of the individual. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guanta-namo to effectuate an order affecting the dis-position of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of Con-gress of promptly after issuance). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—A certification described 
in this subsection is a written certification made by the Secretary that— 
(1) the transfer concerned is in the national 
security interests of the United States; 
(2) the government of the foreign country or 
the recognized leadership of the foreign entity to which the individual detained at Guantanamo concerned is to be transferred— 
(A) is not a designated state sponsor of ter-
rorism or a designated foreign terrorist organi-zation; 
(B) maintains control over each detention fa-
cility in which the individual is to be detained if the individual is to be housed in a detention 
facility; 
(C) has taken or agreed to take appropriate 
steps to substantially mitigate any risk the indi-vidual could attempt to reengage in terrorist ac-tivity or otherwise threaten the United States or its allies or interests; and 
(D) has agreed to share with the United States 
any information that is related to the indi-vidual; 
(3) if the country to which the individual is to 
be transferred is a country to which the United States transferred an individual who was de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, at any time after September 11, 2001, and such transferred individual subse-quently engaged in any terrorist activity, the Secretary has— 
(A) considered such circumstances; and (B) determined that the actions to be taken as 
described in paragraph (2)(C) will substantially mitigate the risk of recidivism with regard to the individual to be transferred; and 
(4) includes an intelligence assessment, in 
classified or unclassified form, of the capacity, willingness, and past practices (if applicable) of the foreign country or foreign entity concerned in relation to the certification of the Secretary under this subsection. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITH PROHIBITION ON  
TRANSFER TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—While the 
prohibition in section 1033 is in effect, no certifi-cation may be made under subsection (b) in con-nection with the transfer of an individual de-tained at Guantanamo to a country specified in such section. 
(d) R
ECORD OF COOPERATION .—In assessing 
the risk that an individual detained at Guanta-namo will engage in terrorist activity or other actions that could affect the national security of the United States if released for the purpose of making a certification under subsection (b), the Secretary may give favorable consideration to any such individual— 
(1) who has substantially cooperated with 
United States intelligence and law enforcement authorities, pursuant to a pre-trial agreement, while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
(2) for whom agreements and effective mecha-
nisms are in place, to the extent relevant and necessary, to provide for continued cooperation with United States intelligence and law enforce-ment authorities. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Whenever the Secretary makes a 
certification under subsection (b) with respect to an individual detained at Guantanamo, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, together with such certifi-cation, a report that shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) A detailed statement of the basis for the 
transfer of the individual. 
(2) An explanation why the transfer of the in-
dividual is in the national security interests of the United States. 
(3) A description of actions taken to mitigate 
the risks of reengagement by the individual as described in subsection (b)(2)(C), including any actions taken to address factors relevant to an applicable prior case of reengagement described in subsection (b)(3). 
(4) A copy of any Periodic Review Board find-
ings relating to the individual. 
(5) A copy of the final recommendation by the 
Guantanamo Detainee Review Task Force estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13492 relat-ing to the individual and, if applicable, updated information related to any change to such rec-ommendation. 
(6) An assessment whether, as of the date of 
the certification, the country to which the indi-vidual is to be transferred is facing a threat that could substantially affect its ability to exercise control over the individual. 
(7) A classified summary of— (A) the individual’s record of cooperation, if 
any, while in the custody of or under the effec-tive control of the Department of Defense; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6406 September 29, 2015 
(B) any agreements and mechanisms in place 
to provide for continuing cooperation. 
(f) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(3) The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ 
means any organization so designated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
(4) The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 301(13) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8541(13)). 
(g) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED REQUIREMENTS  
ANDLIMITATIONS .—Section 1035 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1035. COMPREHENSIVE DETENTION STRAT-
EGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the details of a comprehensive strategy for the detention of cur-rent and future individuals captured and held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force (Public Law 107–40) pending the end of hostilities. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall contain the following: 
(1) The specific facility or facilities that are 
intended to be used, or modified to be used, to hold individuals for purpose of trial and incar-ceration after conviction or detention and inter-rogation pursuant to the law of armed conflict. 
(2) The estimated costs associated with the de-
tention of individuals detained for purpose of trial, incarceration after conviction, or contin-ued detention under the law of armed conflict, including the costs of— 
(A) improvements, additions, or changes to 
each facility specified pursuant to paragraph (1); 
(B) construction of new facilities, if any; (C) maintenance, operation, and sustainment 
of any such facility; 
(D) security; (E) military, civilian, and contractor support 
personnel; and 
(F) other matters associated with support of 
detention operations. 
(3) A plan for the disposition of such individ-
uals if the authority to continue detaining an individual pursuant to the law of armed conflict were to expire while such individual is being de-tained, and an assessment of possible actions that could be taken to mitigate any adverse im-plications of such a scenario to the national se-curity interests of the United States. 
(4) A plan for the disposition of individuals 
held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force who are currently detained at the United States Naval Base, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (5) A plan for the disposition of future detain-
ees held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force. 
(6) The additional authorities, if any, nec-
essary to detain an individual pursuant to the law of armed conflict as an unprivileged enemy belligerent pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force pending the end of hos-tilities or a future determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such individual no longer requires continued detention. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection 
(a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1036. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
REALIGNMENT OF FORCES AT OR CLOSURE OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS.—No 
amounts authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2016 may be used— 
(1) to close or abandon United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
(2) to relinquish control of Guantanamo Bay 
to the Republic of Cuba; or 
(3) to implement a material modification to the 
Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934 that constructively closes United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment of the military implications of United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the 
following: 
(A) An historical analysis of the use and sig-
nificance of the basing at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
(B) A description of the personnel, resources, 
and base operations based out of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(C) An assessment of the role of United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, in support of the National Security Strategy, the National De-fense Strategy, and the National Military Strat-egy. 
(D) An assessment of the missions and mili-
tary requirements that United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, currently supports. 
(E) A description of the uses of United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, by other de-partments and agencies of the United States Government. 
(F) Any other matters the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
SEC. 1037. REPORT ON CURRENT DETAINEES AT 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, DETER-MINED OR ASSESSED TO BE HIGH RISK OR MEDIUM RISK. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-propriate committees and members of Congress a report setting forth a list of the individuals de-tained at Guantanamo as of the date of the en-actment of this Act who have been determined or assessed by Joint Task Force Guantanamo, at any time before the date of the report, to be a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall set forth, for each individual covered by the report, the following: 
(1) The name and country of origin. (2) The date on which first designated or as-
sessed as a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies, and an assessment of the justification for the des-ignation or assessment. 
(3) Whether, as of the date of the report, cur-
rently designated or assessed as a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its in-
terests, or its allies. 
(4) If the designation or assessment changed 
between the date specified pursuant to para-graph (2) and the date of the report— 
(A) the new designation or assessment to 
which changed; 
(B) the year and month in which the designa-
tion or assessment changed; and 
(C) information on, and a justification for, the 
change in designation or assessment. 
(5) To the extent practicable, without jeopard-
izing intelligence sources and methods— 
(A) prior actions in support of terrorism, hos-
tile actions against the United States or its al-lies, gross violations of human rights, and other violations of international law; and 
(B) any affiliations with al Qaeda, al Qaeda 
affiliates, or other terrorist groups. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form to the maximum extent practicable, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees and 
members of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; 
(B) the Majority Leader and the Minority 
Leader of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1038. REPORTS TO CONGRESS ON CONTACT 
BETWEEN TERRORISTS AND INDI-VIDUALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319(c) of the Supple-
mental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1874; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) A summary of all known contact between 
any individual formerly detained at Naval Sta-tion Guantanamo Bay and any individual known or suspected to be associated with a for-eign terrorist group, which contact included in-formation or discussion about planning for or conduct of hostilities against the United States or its allies or the organizational, logistical, or resource needs or activities of any terrorist group or activity.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall be con-strued to terminate, alter, modify, override, or otherwise affect any reporting of information re-quired under section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 before the date of the enactment of this section. 
SEC. 1039. INCLUSION IN REPORTS TO CONGRESS 
OF INFORMATION ABOUT RECIDI-VISM OF INDIVIDUALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appropria-
tions Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1874; 10 U.S.C. 801 note), as amended by section 1038, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6407 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(7) For each individual described in para-
graph (4), the date on which such individual was released or transferred from Naval Station Guantanamo Bay and the date on which it is confirmed that such individual is suspected or confirmed of reengaging in terrorist activities. 
‘‘(8) The average period of time described in 
paragraph (7) for all the individuals described in paragraph (4).’’. 
SEC. 1040. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON TERMS OF 
WRITTEN AGREEMENTS WITH FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES REGARDING TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report describing the terms of any written agreement between the United States Government and the government of the foreign country concerned regarding each indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo who was trans-ferred to a foreign country pursuant to a nego-tiated transfer. 
(2) S
TATEMENT ON LACK OF WRITTEN AGREE -
MENT .—If an individual detained at Guanta-
namo was transferred to a foreign country pur-suant to a negotiated transfer and no written agreement exists between the United States Gov-ernment and the government of the foreign country regarding the transfer of such indi-vidual, the report under paragraph (1) shall in-clude an unclassified statement of that fact. 
(3) A
RRANGEMENTS WHEN LACK OF WRITTEN  
AGREEMENT .—The report under paragraph (1) 
shall also provide a description of the types and frequency of arrangements or assurances appli-cable to negotiated transfers covered by para-graph (2). 
(4) F
ORM.—The report under paragraph (1) 
may be submitted in classified form, except as provided in paragraph (2). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1041. REPORT ON USE OF UNITED STATES 
NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, AND OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OR BUREAU OF PRISONS PRISONS OR DETENTION OR DIS-CIPLINARY FACILITIES IN RECRUIT-MENT OR OTHER PROPAGANDA OF TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
Not later than six months after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, submit to Congress a report on the use by terrorist organizations and their leaders of images and symbols relating to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other detention or discipli-nary facility for recruitment and other propa-ganda purposes. The report shall include the following: (1) a description of the use by terrorist organi-
zations and their leaders of images and symbols relating to United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, and any other Department of De-fense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other de-tention or disciplinary facility for recruitment or other propaganda purposes. 
(2) A description and assessment of— (A) the effectiveness of the use of such images 
and symbols for recruitment and other propa-ganda purposes during the period beginning on September 11, 2001, and ending on the date of the report; and 
(B) the extent to which such images and sym-
bols continue to be used for recruitment or other propaganda purposes. 
(3) A description and assessment of the efforts 
of the United States Government to counter the use of such images and symbols for recruitment and other propaganda purposes and to dissemi-nate accurate information about such facilities. 
SEC. 1042. PERMANENT AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE 
REWARDS THROUGH GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OF ALLIED FORCES AND CERTAIN OTHER MODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PRO-GRAM TO PROVIDE REWARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c)(3) of section 
127b of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D). (b) M
ODIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Subsection (f)(2) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subparagraph (D); (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), 
and (G), as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), re-spectively; and 
(3) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including in which countries the program is being operated’’. 
(c) R
EPORT ON DESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES  
FORWHICH REWARDS MAYBEPAID.—Such sec-
tion is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON DESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES  
FORWHICH REWARDS MAYBEPAID.—Not later 
than 15 days after the date on which the Sec-retary designates a country as a country in which an operation or activity of the armed forces is occurring in connection with which re-wards may be paid under this section, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the designation. Each report shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) The country so designated. ‘‘(2) The reason for the designation of the 
country. 
‘‘(3) A justification for the designation of the 
country for purposes of this section.’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 127b. Department of Defense rewards pro-
gram’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 127b and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘127b. Department of Defense rewards pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 1043. SUNSET ON EXCEPTION TO CONGRES-
SIONAL NOTIFICATION OF SEN-SITIVE MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
Section 130f(e) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The notifica-
tion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The exception in paragraph (1) shall 
cease to be in effect at the close of December 31, 2017.’’. SEC. 1044. REPEAL OF SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON 
OBLIGATION AND EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR THE COMBATING TER-RORISM PROGRAM. 
Section 229 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
SEC. 1045. LIMITATION ON INTERROGATION 
TECHNIQUES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON INTERROGATION TECH-
NIQUES TO THOSE IN THE ARMY FIELD MAN-
UAL.— 
(1) A RMY FIELD MANUAL 2 –22.3 DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘‘Army Field Manual 2–22.3’’ means the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 en-titled ‘‘Human Intelligence Collector Oper-ations’’ in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act or any similar successor Army Field Manual. 
(2) R
ESTRICTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An individual described in 
subparagraph (B) shall not be subjected to any interrogation technique or approach, or any treatment related to interrogation, that is not authorized by and listed in the Army Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(B) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual 
described in this subparagraph is an individual who is— 
(i) in the custody or under the effective con-
trol of an officer, employee, or other agent of the United States Government; or 
(ii) detained within a facility owned, oper-
ated, or controlled by a department or agency of the United States, in any armed conflict. 
(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Interrogation tech-
niques, approaches, and treatments described in Army Field Manual 2–22.3 shall be implemented strictly in accord with the principles, processes, conditions, and limitations prescribed by Army Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(4) A
GENCIES OTHER THAN THE DEPARTMENT OF  
DEFENSE .—If a process required by Army Field 
Manual 2–22.3, such as a requirement of ap-proval by a specified Department of Defense of-ficial, is inapposite to a department or an agen-cy other than the Department of Defense, the head of such department or agency shall ensure that a process that is substantially equivalent to the process prescribed by Army Field Manual 2– 22.3 for the Department of Defense is utilized by all officers, employees, or other agents of such department or agency. 
(5) I
NTERROGATION BY FEDERAL LAW ENFORCE -
MENT .—The limitations in this subsection shall 
not apply to officers, employees, or agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, or other Federal law enforcement entities. 
(6) U
PDATE OF THE ARMY FIELD MANUAL .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT TO UPDATE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not sooner than three years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every three years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Director of National In-telligence, shall complete a thorough review of Army Field Manual 2–22.3, and revise Army Field Manual 2–22.3, as necessary to ensure that Army Field Manual 2–22.3 complies with the legal obligations of the United States and the practices for interrogation described therein do not involve the use or threat of force. 
(ii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Army Field 
Manual 2–22.3 shall remain available to the public and any revisions to the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 adopted by the Secretary of De-fense shall be made available to the public 30 days prior to the date the revisions take effect. 
(B) R
EPORT ON BEST PRACTICES OF INTERROGA -
TIONS .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 
120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the interagency body established pursuant to Executive Order 13491 (commonly known as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6408 September 29, 2015 
the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group) 
shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Di-rector of National Intelligence, the Attorney General, and other appropriate officials a report on best practices for interrogation that do not involve the use of force. 
(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report required 
by clause (i) may include recommendations for revisions to Army Field Manual 2–22.3 based on the body of research commissioned by the High- Value Detainee Interrogation Group. 
(iii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Not later 
than 30 days after the report required by clause (i) is submitted such report shall be made avail-able to the public. 
(b) I
NTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE OF THE RED 
CROSS ACCESS TO DETAINEES .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The head of any depart-
ment or agency of the United States Government shall provide the International Committee of the Red Cross with notification of, and prompt ac-cess to, any individual detained in any armed conflict in the custody or under the effective control of an officer, employee, contractor, sub-contractor, or other agent of the United States Government or detained within a facility owned, operated, or effectively controlled by a department, agency, contractor, or subcon-tractor of the United States Government, con-sistent with Department of Defense regulations and policies. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to create or otherwise imply the authority 
to detain; or 
(B) to limit or otherwise affect any other indi-
vidual rights or state obligations which may arise under United States law or international agreements to which the United States is a party, including the Geneva Conventions, or to state all of the situations under which notifica-tion to and access for the International Com-mittee of the Red Cross is required or allowed. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
SEC. 1051. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXCESS 
PROPERTY PROGRAM. 
(a) W EBSITE REQUIRED .—Section 2576a of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) P
UBLICLY ACCESSIBLE WEBSITE .—(1) The 
Secretary shall create and maintain a publicly available Internet website that provides infor-mation on the controlled property transferred under this section and the recipients of such property. 
‘‘(2) The contents of the Internet website re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall include all publicly accessible unclassified information per-taining to the request, transfer, denial, and re-possession of controlled property under this sec-tion, including— 
‘‘(A) a current inventory of all controlled 
property transferred to Federal and State agen-cies under this section, listed by the name of the recipient and the year of the transfer; 
‘‘(B) all pending requests for transfers of con-
trolled property under this section, including the information submitted by the Federal and State agencies requesting such transfers; and 
‘‘(C) all reports required to be submitted to the 
Secretary under this section by Federal and State agencies that receive controlled property under this section.’’. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS FOR TRANSFER .—Subsection 
(b) of such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) the recipient, on an annual basis, and 
with the authorization of the relevant local gov-erning body or authority, certifies that it has adopted publicly available protocols for the ap-propriate use of controlled property, the super-vision of such use, and the evaluation of the ef-
fectiveness of such use, including auditing and accountability policies; and 
‘‘(6) after the completion of the assessment re-
quired by section 1051(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the re-cipient, on an annual basis, certifies that it pro-vides annual training to relevant personnel on the maintenance, sustainment, and appropriate use of controlled property.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF CONTROLLED PROPERTY .— 
Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) C
ONTROLLED PROPERTY .—In this section, 
the term ‘controlled property’ means any item assigned a demilitarization code of B, C, D, E, G, or Q under Department of Defense Manual 4160.21–M, ‘Defense Materiel Disposition Man-ual’, or any successor document.’’. 
(d) E
XAMINATION OF TRAINING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter 
into an agreement with a federally funded re-search and development center for the conduct of an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section. Such assessment shall include— 
(1) an evaluation of the policies and controls 
governing the determination of the suitability of recipients of controlled property transferred under the program, including specific rec-ommendations relating to the training that Fed-eral and State agencies that receive such prop-erty should receive, at no cost to the Depart-
ment of Defense, to ensure proficiency in the use, maintenance, and sustainment of such property; and 
(2) an analysis of reported statistics on con-
trolled property transfers, the incidence of con-trolled property that is unaccounted for, and the effectiveness of the policies and procedures governing the return of controlled property transferred under the program to the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(e) O
NE-YEAR MANDATORY USEPOLICY AS-
SESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter 
into an agreement with a federally funded re-search and development center for the conduct of an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section, to determine if the requirement that all controlled property transferred under the pro-gram be used within one year of being trans-ferred is achieving its intended effect. Such as-sessment shall include recommendations on process improvement, including legislative pro-posals. 
(f) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .—Not 
later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property pro-gram under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section. Such assessment shall include— 
(1) an evaluation of the transfer of controlled 
property under the program, including the man-ner in which the property was used by Federal and State agencies and the effectiveness of the Internet website required under subsection (e) of section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), in providing trans-parency to the public; and 
(2) a determination of whether the transfer of 
property under the program enhances the abil-ity of Federal and State agencies to carry out counter-drug and counter-terrorism activities in accordance with the purposes of the program as set forth in section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1052. SALE OR DONATION OF EXCESS PER-
SONAL PROPERTY FOR BORDER SE-CURITY ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, 
as amended by section 1051 is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘counter- 
drug and counter-terrorism activities’’ and in-serting ‘‘counterdrug, counterterrorism, and 
border security activities’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Attor-
ney General and the Director of National Drug Control Policy’’ and inserting ‘‘the Attorney General, the Director of National Drug Control Policy, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘counter- 
drug or counter-terrorism activities’’ and insert-ing ‘‘counterdrug, counterterrorism, or border security activities’’. 
SEC. 1053. MANAGEMENT OF MILITARY TECHNI-
CIANS. 
(a) C ONVERSION OF CERTAIN MILITARY TECH-
NICIAN (DUAL STATUS ) POSITIONS TO CIVILIAN  
POSITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall convert not fewer than 20 percent of the positions described in paragraph (2) as of Janu-ary 1, 2017, from military technician (dual sta-tus) positions to positions filled by individuals who are employed under section 3101 of title 5, United States Code, and are not military techni-cians. 
(2) C
OVERED POSITIONS .—The positions de-
scribed in this paragraph are military techni-cian (dual status) positions as follows: 
(A) Military technician (dual status) positions 
identified as general administration, clerical, fi-nance, and office service occupations in the re-port of the Secretary of Defense under section 519 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1397). 
(B) Such other military technician (dual sta-
tus) positions as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of this subsection. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF INCUMBENTS .—In the case 
of a position converted under paragraph (1) for which there is an incumbent employee, the Sec-retary may fill that position, as converted, with the incumbent employee without regard to any requirement concerning competition or competi-tive hiring procedures. 
(b) P
HASED -INTERMINATION OF ARMY RE-
SERVE , AIRFORCE RESERVE , AND NATIONAL  
GUARD NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 10217 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) P
HASED -INTERMINATION OF POSITIONS .— 
(1) No individual may be newly hired or em-ployed, or rehired or reemployed, as a non-dual status technician for the purposes of this section after December 31, 2016. 
‘‘(2) Commencing January 1, 2017, the max-
imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the Army Reserve and by the Air Force Reserve shall be reduced from the number otherwise provided by subsection (c)(1) by one for each individual who retires, is separated from, or otherwise ceases service as a non-dual status technician of the Army Reserve or the Air Force Reserve, as the case may be, after such date until the maximum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the Army Re-serve or the Air Force Reserve, as the case may be, is zero. 
‘‘(3) Commencing January 1, 2017, the max-
imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the National Guard shall be re-duced from the number otherwise provided by subsection (c)(2) by one for each individual who retires, is separated from, or otherwise ceases service as a non-dual status technician of the National Guard after such date until the max-imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the National Guard is zero. 
‘‘(4) Any individual newly hired or employed, 
or rehired or employed, to a position required to be filled by reason of the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall be an individual employed in such position under section 3101 of title 5, and may not be a military technician. 
‘‘(5) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-
strued to terminate the status as a non-dual sta-tus technician under this section after December 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6409 September 29, 2015 
31, 2016, of any individual who is a non-dual 
status technician for the purposes of this section on that date.’’. 
(2) R
EPORT ON PHASED -IN TERMINATIONS .—Not 
later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for implementing the amendment made by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1054. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF CER-
TAIN AH–64 APACHE HELICOPTERS FROM ARMY NATIONAL GUARD TO REGULAR ARMY AND RELATED PER-SONNEL LEVELS. 
Section 1712 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3668) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2016’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2016’’ both places it appears. 
SEC. 1055. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TRAINING 
AND SUPPORT TO PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 1081 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 168 note), as amended by section 1047 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3494), is further amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) through 
(e) as subsections (c) through (f), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) T
RAINING OF PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN  
MINISTRIES WITHSECURITY MISSIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, carry out a program to provide training and associated training support services to per-sonnel of foreign ministries of defense (or min-istries with security force oversight) or regional organizations with security missions— 
‘‘(A) for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) enhancing civilian oversight of foreign se-
curity forces; 
‘‘(ii) establishing responsible defense govern-
ance and internal controls in order to help build effective, transparent, and accountable defense institutions; 
‘‘(iii) assessing organizational weaknesses and 
establishing a roadmap for addressing short-falls; and 
‘‘(iv) enhancing ministerial, general or joint 
staff, or service level core management com-petencies; and 
‘‘(B) for such other purposes as the Secretary 
considers appropriate, consistent with the au-thority in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Each fiscal year 
quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on activities under the program under para-graph (1) during the preceding fiscal year quar-ter. Each report shall include, for the fiscal year quarter covered by such report, the following: 
‘‘(A) A list of activities under the program. ‘‘(B) A list of any organization described in 
paragraph (1) to which the Secretary assigned employees under the program, including the number of such employees so assigned, the dura-tion of each assignment, a brief description of each assigned employee’s activities, and a state-ment of the cost of each assignment. 
‘‘(C) A comprehensive justification of any ac-
tivities conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(c) of such section, as redesignated by sub-section (a)(1) of this section, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘of the Secretary of Defense’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in this section terminates at the close of December 31, 2017.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘M INISTRY  
OFDEFENSE ADVISOR ’’ before ‘‘A UTHORITY ’’; 
(2) in subsections (d) and (e), as redesignated 
by subsection (a)(1) of this section, by striking ‘‘the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate 
committees of Congress’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENT  
TOSECTION HEADING TO REFLECT NAME OF PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of 
such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1081. DEFENSE INSTITUTION CAPACITY 
BUILDING PROGRAM.’’. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in section 2(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1081 and in-serting the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1081. Defense Institution Capacity Build-
ing Program.’’. 
SEC. 1056. INFORMATION OPERATIONS AND EN-
GAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY DEM-ONSTRATIONS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) military information support operations 
are a critical component of the efforts of the De-partment of Defense to provide commanders with capabilities to shape the operational envi-ronment; 
(2) military information support operations 
are integral to armed conflict and therefore the Secretary of Defense has broad latitude to con-duct military information support operations; 
(3) the Secretary of Defense should develop 
creative and agile concepts, technologies, and strategies across all available media to most ef-fectively reach target audiences, to counter and degrade the ability of adversaries and potential adversaries to persuade, inspire, and recruit in-side areas of hostilities or in other areas in di-rect support of the objectives of commanders; and 
(4) the Secretary of Defense should request 
additional funds in future budgets to carry out military information support operations to sup-port the broader efforts of the Government to counter violent extremism. 
(b) T
ECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS RE-
QUIRED .—To support the ability of the Depart-
ment of Defense to provide innovative oper-ational concepts and technologies to shape the informational environment, the Secretary of De-fense shall carry out a series of technology dem-onstrations, subject to the availability of funds for such purpose or to a prior approval re-programming, to assess innovative new tech-nologies for information operations and infor-mation engagement to support the operational and strategic requirements of the commanders of the geographic and functional combatant com-mands, including the urgent and emergent oper-ational needs and the operational and theater campaign plans of such combatant commanders to further the national security objectives and strategic communications requirements of the United States. 
(c) P
LAN.—By not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide to the congres-sional defense committees a plan describing how the Department of Defense will execute the tech-nology demonstrations required under sub-section (b). Such plan shall include each of the following elements: (1) A general timeline for conducting the tech-
nology demonstrations. 
(2) Clearly defined goals and endstate objec-
tives for the demonstrations, including traceability of such goals to the tactical, oper-ational, or strategic requirements of the combat-ant commanders. 
(3) A process for measuring the performance 
and effectiveness of the demonstrations. 
(4) A coordination structure to include partici-
pation between the technology development and the operational communities, including poten-tially joint, interagency, intergovernmental, and multinational partners. 
(5) The identification of potential technologies 
to support the tactical, operational, or strategic needs of the combatant commanders. 
(6) An explanation of how such technologies 
will support and coordinate with elements of joint, interagency, intergovernmental, and mul-tinational partners. 
(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTICE .—Upon initiating 
a technology demonstration under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees written notice of the demonstration that includes a detailed description of the demonstration, including its purpose, cost, engagement medium, targeted au-dience, and any other details the Secretary of Defense believes will assist the committees in evaluating the demonstration. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to carry out 
a technology demonstration under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2022. 
(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to limit or alter any authority under which the Department of De-fense supports information operations activities within the Department. 
SEC. 1057. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
RETIREMENT OF HELICOPTER SEA COMBAT SQUADRON 84 AND 85 AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Navy may be obligated or expended to— 
(1) retire, prepare to retire, transfer, or place 
in storage any Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 84 (HSC–84) or Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 85 (HSC–85) aircraft; or 
(2) make any changes to manning levels with 
respect to any HSC–84 or HSC–85 aircraft squad-ron. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may 
waive subsection (a), if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has— 
(1) conducted a cost-benefit analysis identi-
fying savings to Department of the Navy regard-ing decommissioning or deactivation of an HSC– 84 or HSC–85 squadron; 
(2) identified a replacement capability that 
would be available if prioritized and directed by the Secretary of Defense and would meet all operational requirements, including special operational-peculiar requirements of the com-batant commands, currently being met by the HSC–84 or HSC–85 squadrons and aircraft to be retired, transferred, or placed in storage; and 
(3) deployed such capability. 
SEC. 1058. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DESTRUCTION OF CER-TAIN LANDMINES AND REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE POLICY AND INVENTORY OF ANTI-PER-SONNEL LANDMINE MUNITIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided under 
subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the destruction of anti-personnel landmine muni-tions before the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required by sub-section (c). 
(b) E
XCEPTION FOR SAFETY .—The limitation 
under subsection (a) shall not apply to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6410 September 29, 2015 
anti-personnel landmine munitions that the Sec-
retary determines are unsafe or could pose a safety risk if not demilitarized or destroyed. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that includes each of the following: 
(A) A description of the policy of the Depart-
ment of Defense regarding the use of anti-per-sonnel landmines, including methods for com-manders to seek waivers to use such munitions. 
(B) A 10-year projection of the inventory lev-
els for all anti-personnel landmine munitions that takes into account future production of anti-personnel landmine munitions, any plans for demilitarization of such munitions, the age of the munitions, storage and safety consider-ations, and other factors that will impact the size of the inventory. 
(C) A 10-year projection for the cost to achieve 
the inventory levels projected in subparagraph (B), including the cost for potential demili-tarization or disposal of such munitions. 
(D) A 10-year projection for the cost to de-
velop and produce new anti-personnel landmine munitions the Secretary determines are nec-essary to meet the demands of current oper-ational plans. 
(E) An assessment, by the Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, of the effects of the pro-jected anti-personnel landmine inventory on current operational plans. 
(F) Any other matters that the Secretary de-
termines should be included in the report. 
(2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) A
NTI-PERSONNEL LANDMINE MUNITIONS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘anti-per-
sonnel landmine munitions’’ includes anti-per-sonnel landmines and sub-munitions as defined by the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their Destruction, as determined by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1059. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHOR-
ITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO SE-CURE THE SOUTHERN LAND BORDER OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary of Defense may provide assistance to United States Customs and Border Protection for purposes of increasing ongoing efforts to se-cure the southern land border of the United States. 
(b) C
ONCURRENCE IN ASSISTANCE .—Assistance 
under subsection (a) shall be provided with the concurrence of the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(c) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The 
assistance provided under subsection (a) may include the following: 
(1) Deployment of members and units of the 
regular and reserve components of the Armed Forces to the southern land border of the United States. 
(2) Deployment of manned aircraft, unmanned 
aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to support continuous sur-veillance of the southern land border of the United States. 
(3) Intelligence analysis support. (d) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .—The 
Secretary of Defense is authorized to deploy such materiel and equipment and logistics sup-port as is necessary to ensure the effectiveness of assistance provided under subsection (a). 
(e) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for the Department of Defense by this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $75,000,000 to provide assistance under sub-section (a). 
(f) R
EPORTS .—At the end of each three-month 
period during which assistance is provided under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees, the Committee on Homeland 
Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs of the Senate a report on the provision of such assistance during that period. Each report shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: 
(1) A description of the assistance provided. (2) A description of the sources and amounts 
of funds used to provide such assistance. 
(3) A description of the amounts obligated to 
provide such assistance. 
(4) An assessment of the efficacy and cost-ef-
fectiveness of such assistance in support of the Department of Homeland Security’s objectives and strategy to address the challenges on the southern land border of the United States and recommendations, if any, to enhance the effec-tiveness of such assistance. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1060. PROVISION OF DEFENSE PLANNING 
GUIDANCE AND CONTINGENCY PLANNING GUIDANCE INFORMATION TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 113(g) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) At the time of the budget submission by 
the President for a fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall include in the budget materials submitted to Congress for that year summaries of the guidance developed under paragraphs (1) and (2), as well as summaries of any plans de-veloped in accordance with the guidance devel-oped under paragraph (2). Such summaries shall be sufficient to allow the congressional defense committees to evaluate fully the requirements for military forces, acquisition programs, and operation and maintenance funding in the President’s annual budget request for the De-partment of Defense.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Notwithstanding the 
requirement under paragraph (3) of section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), that the Secretary of Defense submit summaries under that paragraph at the time of the President’s annual budget submis-sion, by not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing— 
(1) summaries of the guidance developed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (g) of section 113 of title 10, United States Code; and 
(2) summaries of any plans developed in ac-
cordance with the guidance developed under paragraph (2) of such subsection. 
SEC. 1061. EXPEDITED MEETINGS OF THE NA-
TIONAL COMMISSION ON THE FU-TURE OF THE ARMY. 
Section 1702(f) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3665) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Section 10 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App. I) shall not apply to a meeting of the Com-mission unless the meeting is attended by five or more members of the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 1062. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN REPORTS 
SUBMITTED BY COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) R EPORT ON NNSA B UDGET REQUESTS .— 
Section 3255(a)(2) of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2455(a)(2)) is amended by inserting before ‘‘, the Comptroller General’’ the following: ‘‘in an even-numbered year, and not later than 150 days after the date on which the Administrator submits such mate-rials in an odd-numbered year’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGE -
MENT .—Section 3134 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2713), as amended by section 3134(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2193), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘a series of 
three reviews, as described in subsections (b), (c), and (d),’’ and inserting ‘‘reviews as de-
scribed in subsections (b) and (c)’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (d); and (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
SEC. 1063. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
GEOGRAPHICALLY DISTRIBUTED FORCE LAYDOWN IN THE AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY OF UNITED STATES PACIFIC COMMAND. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 
1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pa-cific Command, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on Depart-ment of Defense plans for implementing the geo-graphically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of United States Pacific Command. 
(b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-
quired under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the force laydown. (2) A discussion of how the force laydown af-
fects the operational and contingency plans in the area of responsibility of United States Pa-cific Command, including a discussion on how timeliness, availability of forces, and risk in meeting the military objectives contained in those plans are affected. 
(3) A discussion of the specific support asset 
requirements derived from the force laydown, including logistical sustainment, pre-positioned stocks, sea and air lift and, command and con-trol. 
(4) A discussion of the specific infrastructure 
and military construction requirements derived from the force laydown. 
(5) A discussion on how Department of De-
fense plans to meet the requirements identified in paragraphs (3) and (4), including the ability of United States Transportation Command, the United States Combat Logistics Force, and the Armed Forces to meet those requirements. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
determines to be appropriate. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1064. INDEPENDENT STUDY OF NATIONAL 
SECURITY STRATEGY FORMULATION PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STUDY .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent research entity described in sub-section (c) to carry out a comprehensive study of the role of the Department of Defense in the for-mulation of national security strategy. 
(b) M
ATTERS COVERED .—The study required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Several case studies of the role of the De-
partment of Defense and its process for the for-mulation of previous national security strategies in place throughout the history of the United States, with specific emphasis on the develop-ment and execution of previous strategies, as well as the factors that contributed to the devel-opment and execution of successful previous strategies with specific emphasis on— 
(A) the frequency of strategy updates; (B) the synchronization of timelines and con-
tent among different strategies; 
(C) the prioritization of objectives; (D) the assignment of roles and responsibil-
ities among relevant agencies; 
(E) the links between strategy and resourcing; (F) the implementation of strategy within the 
planning documents of relevant agencies; 
(G) the value of a competition of ideas; and (H) recommendations for the executive and 
legislative branches on the best practices and or-ganizational lessons learned for enabling the Department of Defense to formulate long-term defense strategy. 
(2) A complete review and analysis of the cur-
rent national security strategy formulation process, as it relates to the Department of De-fense, including an analysis of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6411 September 29, 2015 
(A) All major Government products and docu-
ments of national security strategy relevant to the Department of Defense and how they fit to-gether, including— 
(i) the National Military Strategy prepared by 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under section 153(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code; 
(ii) the most recent quadrennial defense re-
view conducted by the Secretary of Defense pur-suant to section 118 of title 10, United States Code; 
(iii) the national security strategy report re-
quired under section 108 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043); and 
(iv) any other relevant national security strat-
egy products and documents. 
(B) The time periods during which the prod-
ucts and documents covered by subparagraph (A) are prepared and published, and how they fit together. 
(C) The interaction between the White House 
and the agencies that develop such products and documents and formulate strategy. 
(D) All the current entities in the Federal 
Government that contribute to the national se-curity strategy formulation process and how they fit together. 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT RESEARCH ENTITY .—The en-
tity described in this subsection is an inde-pendent research entity that is a not-for-profit entity or a federally funded research and devel-opment center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the inde-pendent research entity shall provide to the Sec-retary a report on the results of the study. Not later than 90 days after receipt of the report, the Secretary shall submit such report, together with any additional views or recommendations of the Secretary, to the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 1065. REPORT ON THE STATUS OF DETEC-
TION, IDENTIFICATION, AND DIS-ABLEMENT CAPABILITIES RELATED TO REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report addressing the suitability of ex-isting capabilities to detect, identify, and disable remotely piloted aircraft operating within spe-cial use and restricted airspace. The report shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the degree to which exist-
ing capabilities to detect, identify, and poten-tially disable remotely piloted aircraft within special use and restricted airspace are able to be deployed and combat prevailing threats. 
(2) An assessment of existing gaps in capabili-
ties related to the detection, identification, or disablement of remotely piloted aircraft within special use and restricted airspace. 
(3) A plan that outlines the extent to which 
existing research and development programs within the Department of Defense can be lever-aged to fill identified capability gaps and/or the need to establish new programs to address such gaps as are identified pursuant to paragraph (2). 
SEC. 1066. REPORT ON OPTIONS TO ACCELERATE 
THE TRAINING OF PILOTS OF RE-MOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT. 
Not later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary 
of the Air Force shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report addressing the immediate and critical training and oper-ational needs of the remotely piloted aircraft community. The report shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) An assessment of the viability of using 
non-rated, civilian, contractor, or enlisted pilots to execute remotely piloted aircraft missions. 
(2) An assessment of the availability and ex-
isting utilization of special use airspace avail-able for remotely piloted aircraft training and a plan for accessing additional special use air-space in order to meet anticipated training re-quirements for remotely piloted aircraft. (3) A comprehensive training plan aimed at 
increasing the throughput of undergraduate re-motely piloted aircraft training without sacri-ficing quality and standards. 
(4) Establishment of an optimum ratio for the 
mix of training airframes to operational air-frames in the remotely piloted aircraft inventory necessary to achieve manning requirements for pilots and sensor operators and, to the extent practicable, a plan for fielding additional re-motely piloted aircraft airframes at the formal training units in the active, National Guard, and reserve components in accordance with op-timum ratios for MQ–9 and Global Hawk re-motely piloted aircraft. 
(5) Establishment of optimum and minimum 
crew ratios to combat air patrols taking into ac-count all tasks remotely piloted aircraft units execute and, to the extent practicable, a plan for conducting missions in accordance with opti-mum ratios. 
(6) Identification of any resource, legislative, 
or departmental policy challenges impeding the corrective action needed to reach a sustainable remotely piloted aircraft operations tempo. 
(7) An assessment, to the extent practicable, of 
the direct and indirect impacts that the integra-tion of remotely piloted aircraft into the na-tional airspace system has on the ability to gen-erate remotely piloted aircraft crews. 
(8) Any other matters the Secretary determines 
appropriate. 
SEC. 1067. STUDIES OF FLEET PLATFORM ARCHI-
TECTURES FOR THE NAVY. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide for the performance of three inde-pendent studies of alternative future fleet plat-form architectures for the Navy in the 2030 time-frame. 
(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
April 1, 2016, the Secretary shall submit the re-sults of each study to the congressional defense committees. 
(3) F
ORM.—Each such study shall be sub-
mitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
(b) E
NTITIES TO PERFORM STUDIES .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall provide for the studies under subsection (a) to be performed as follows: 
(1) One study shall be performed by the De-
partment of the Navy and shall include partici-pants from— 
(A) the Office of Net Assessment within the 
Office of the Secretary of Defense; and 
(B) the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahl-
gren Division. 
(2) The second study shall be performed by a 
federally funded research and development cen-ter. 
(3) The final study shall be conducted by an 
independent, non-governmental institute which is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, and has rec-ognized credentials and expertise in national se-curity and military affairs. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE OF STUDIES .— 
(1) I NDEPENDENT PERFORMANCE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall require the three studies under this section to be conducted independ-ently of each other. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED .—In per-
forming a study under this section, the organi-zation performing the study, while being aware of the current and projected fleet platform ar-chitectures, shall not be limited by the current or projected fleet platform architecture and shall consider the following matters: 
(A) The National Security Strategy of the 
United States. 
(B) Potential future threats to the United 
States and to United States naval forces in the 2030 timeframe. 
(C) Traditional roles and missions of United 
States naval forces. 
(D) Alternative roles and missions for United 
States naval forces. (E) Other government and non-government 
analyses that would contribute to the study through variations in study assumptions or po-tential scenarios. 
(F) The role of evolving technology on future 
naval forces, including unmanned systems. 
(G) Opportunities for reduced operation and 
sustainment costs. 
(H) Current and projected capabilities of other 
United States armed forces that could affect force structure capability and capacity require-ments of United States naval forces. 
(d) S
TUDY RESULTS .—The results of each 
study under this section shall— 
(1) present the alternative fleet platform ar-
chitectures considered, with assumptions and possible scenarios identified for each; 
(2) provide for presentation of minority views 
of study participants; and 
(3) for the recommended architecture, pro-
vide— 
(A) the numbers, kinds, and sizes of vessels, 
the numbers and types of associated manned and unmanned vehicles, and the basic capabili-ties of each of those platforms; 
(B) other information needed to understand 
that architecture in basic form and the sup-porting analysis; 
(C) deviations from the current Annual Long- 
Range Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, United States Code; 
(D) options to address ship classes that begin 
decommissioning prior to 2035; and 
(E) implications for naval aviation, including 
the future carrier air wing and land-based avia-tion platforms. 
SEC. 1068. REPORT ON STRATEGY TO PROTECT 
UNITED STATES NATIONAL SECU-RITY INTERESTS IN THE ARCTIC RE-GION. 
(a) R EPORT ON STRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not 
later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that sets forth an updated military strat-egy for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of United States military in-
terests in the Arctic region. 
(2) A description of operational plans and 
military requirements for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region, including United States citizens, territory, freedom of navigation, and economic and trade interests. 
(3) An identification of any operational seams 
and a plan to enhance unity of effort among the combatant commands with responsibility for the Arctic region, as well as among the Armed Forces. 
(4) A description of the security environment 
in the Arctic region, including the activities of foreign nations operating within the Arctic re-gion. 
(5) A description of United States military ca-
pabilities required to implement the strategy re-quired by subsection (a). 
(6) An identification of any capability gaps 
and resource gaps, including in installations, infrastructure, communications and domain awareness, and personnel in the Arctic region, that would impact the implementation of the strategy required by subsection (a) or the execu-tion of any associated operational plan, and a mitigation plan to address such gaps. 
(7) An assessment of military-to-military co-
operation with partner nations that have mu-tual security interests in the Arctic region, in-cluding opportunities for sharing installations and maintenance facilities. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection 
(a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6412 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 1069. COMPTROLLER GENERAL BRIEFING 
AND REPORT ON MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall pro-vide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the administration and oversight by the Department of Veterans Affairs of contracts for the design and construction of major medical facility projects, as defined in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the adminis-tration and oversight described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by sub-
section (a) and the report required by subsection (b) shall each include an examination of the fol-lowing: 
(1) The processes used by the Department for 
overseeing and assuring the performance of con-struction design and construction contracts for major medical facility projects, as so defined. 
(2) Any actions taken by the Department to 
improve the administration of such contracts. 
(3) Such opportunities for further improve-
ment of the administration of such contracts as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 1070. SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF MUNI-
TIONS ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRED REPORTS .—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees each of the following: 
(1) The most current munitions assessments, 
as defined by Department of Defense Instruction Number 3000.04, relating to the Department of Defense munitions process. 
(2) The most current sufficiency assessments, 
as defined by such Department of Defense In-struction. 
(3) The most current approved memorandum 
of the Joint Requirements Oversight Council re-sulting from the munitions requirements process. 
(b) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit re-
ports and assessments under this section shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1071. POTENTIAL ROLE FOR UNITED STATES 
GROUND FORCES IN THE WESTERN PACIFIC THEATER. 
(a) G ENERAL ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly conduct a comprehensive assess-ment of potential roles for United States ground forces in the western Pacific in cooperation with host nations to deter and defeat aggression in the western Pacific region. 
(2) C
APABILITIES TO BE EXAMINED .—The Sec-
retary and the Chairman shall assess the feasi-bility and potential effectiveness of mobile United States ground forces operating jointly to facilitate— 
(A) anti-access and area-denial capabilities in 
contested sea lanes and airspace; 
(B) air defense capabilities; (C) electronic countermeasures capabilities; (D) command, control, communications, and 
logistics capabilities; 
(E) littoral defenses; and (F) any other capabilities the Secretary and 
Chairman determine to be appropriate. (b) C
OMPLETION DATE.—The assessment re-
quired by this section shall be completed by not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) B
RIEFING OF CONGRESS .—Upon the comple-
tion of the assessments required by this section, the Secretary and the Chairman shall provide a briefing on the assessment to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 1072. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO MILI-TARY PERSONNEL ISSUES. 
(a) R EPORT ON FOREIGN LANGUAGE PRO-
FICIENCY INCENTIVE PAY.—Section 316a of title 
37, United States Code, as amended by section 615(5) of this Act, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
(b) R
EPORT ON USE OF WAIVER AUTHORITY  
FOR MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINT -
MENTS .—Section 553 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 4346 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
(c) R
EPORT ON INCREASE IN JUNIOR RESERVE  
OFFICERS ’ TRAINING CORPS UNITS.—Subsection 
(e) of section 548 of the Duncan Hunter Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4466) is repealed. 
(d) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF YELLOW  
RIBBON REINTEGRATION PROGRAM .— 
(1) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 582(e) 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking paragraph (4). 
(2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 597 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is repealed. 
(e) R
EPORT ON STANDARDS OF FACILITIES .— 
Section 1648 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
(f) R
EPORT ON INSPECTIONS OF FACILITIES .— 
Section 1662 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED INSPECTIONS OF  
FACILITIES .—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). (g) R
EPORT ON INSPECTIONS OF OTHER FACILI -
TIES.—Section 3307 of the U.S. Troop Readiness, 
Veterans’ Care, Katrina Recovery, and Iraq Ac-countability Appropriations Act, 2007 (Public Law 110–28; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
(h) R
EPORT ON LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
ASSISTANCE RELATED TO DOD A CTIVITIES .—Sec-
tion 574 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 20 U.S.C. 7703b note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as 
subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
SEC. 1073. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO READ-INESS. 
(a) B IANNUAL REPORTS ON ALLOCATION OF  
FUNDS WITHIN OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
BUDGET SUBACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking section 228. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 228. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NAVAL PETROLEUM  
RESERVES .—Section 7431 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ARMY NATIONAL  
GUARD COMBAT READINESS .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1013 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking sec-tion 10542. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 10542. 
(d) GAO R
EPORT ON IN-KIND PAYMENTS .—Sec-
tion 2805 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2149) is repealed. 
(e) I
NSIDER THREAT DETECTION BUDGET SUB-
MISSION .—Section 922 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
(f) P
RICE TREND ANALYSIS .—Section 892 of the 
Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2306a) is repealed. 
(g) R
EPORT ON AUTHORITY FOR AIRLIFT  
TRANSPORTATION AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RATES FOR NON-DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FED-
ERAL CARGOES .—Section 351 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2262) is amended by striking subsection (b). 
(h) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON PROCUREMENT OF  
MILITARY WORKING DOGS.—Section 358 of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c). 
(i) R
EPORT ON FOREIGN LANGUAGE PRO-
FICIENCY .—Section 958 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 297) is repealed. 
(j) R
EPORT ON ARSENAL SUPPORT PROGRAM  
INITIATIVE .—Section 343 of the Floyd D. Spence 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 10 U.S.C. 4551 note) is amended by striking subsection (g). 
(k) GAO R
EVIEW OF CONTRACTOR -OPERATED  
CIVILENGINEERING SUPPLY STORES PROGRAM .— 
Section 345 of the Strom Thurmond National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 112 Stat. 1978) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
SEC. 1074. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO NAVAL VESSELS AND MERCHANT MARINE. 
(a) R EPORT ON NAMING OF NAVAL VESSELS .— 
Section 7292 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d). 
(b) R
EPORT ON TRANSFER OF VESSELS STRICK -
ENFROMNAVAL VESSEL REGISTER .—Section 7306 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT OF MARITIME ADMINIS -
TRATION .— 
(1) E LIMINATION OF REPORT AND REVISION OF  
REMAINING REQUIREMENT .—Section 50111 of title 
46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 50111. Submission of annual MARAD au-
thorization request 
‘‘(a) S
UBMISSION OF LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL .— 
Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for a fiscal year pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the Maritime Administration author-ization request for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION REQUEST DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘Maritime Ad-
ministration authorization request’ means a pro-posal for legislation that, for a fiscal year— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6413 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(1) recommends authorizations of appropria-
tions for the Maritime Administration for that fiscal year, including with respect to matters de-scribed in subsection 109(j) of title 49 or author-ized in subtitle V of this title; and 
‘‘(2) addresses any other matter with respect 
to the Maritime Administration that the Sec-retary determines is appropriate.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 501 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 50111 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘50111. Submission of annual MARAD author-
ization request.’’. 
(d) D
ISCRETIONARY REPORT NOLONGER NEED-
ED.—The Secretary of the Navy is not required 
to submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report, or updates to such a report, on open architecture as described in Senate Report 110–077. 
SEC. 1075. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO CIVIL-IAN PERSONNEL. 
(a) R EPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM FOR EX-
CHANGE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PER-
SONNEL .—Section 1110 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2493) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (i); (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (i); and 
(3) in subsection (i), as so redesignated, by 
striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) any employee whose assignment is al-
lowed to continue by virtue of paragraph (1) shall be taken into account for purposes of the numerical limitation under subsection (h).’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON EXPERIMENTAL PROGRAM FOR  
SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL PERSONNEL .—Section 
1101 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 112 Stat. 2139) is amended by strik-ing subsection (g). 
SEC. 1076. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO NU-CLEAR PROLIFERATION AND RE-LATED MATTERS. 
(a) R EPORT ON NUCLEAR WEAPONS COUNCIL .— 
Section 179 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (g). 
(b) R
EPORT ON PROLIFERATION SECURITY INI-
TIATIVE .—Section 1821(b) of the Implementing 
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 2911(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(1) I
NGENERAL .—’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). (c) B
RIEFINGS ON DIALOGUE BETWEEN UNITED  
STATES AND RUSSIAN FEDERATION ON NUCLEAR  
ARMS.—Section 1282 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2034; 22 U.S.C. 5951 note) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
BRIEF -
INGS ON DIALOGUE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SENSE OF  
CONGRESS ON AGREEMENTS ’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (a); (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF  
CONGRESS ON CERTAIN AGREEMENTS .—’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (c). (d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN FOR WHOLE -OF- 
GOVERNMENT VISION PRESCRIBED IN THE NA-
TIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY .—Section 1072 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1592; 50 U.S.C. 3043 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b). 
SEC. 1077. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO ACQUI-SITION. 
(a) R EPORT ON COST ASSESSMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 2334 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). (b) R
EPORT ON PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENTS  
AND ROOT CAUSE ANALYSES .—Section 2438 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsection (f). 
SEC. 1078. REPEAL OR REVISION OF MISCELLA-
NEOUS REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON TECHNOLOGICAL MATURITY  
AND INTEGRATION RISK OF CRITICAL TECH-
NOLOGIES .—Section 138(b)(8) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subparagraph (B); (2) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘assess the technological maturity’’ and inserting ‘‘shall periodically review and as-sess the technological maturity’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period. (b) R
EPORT ON SYSTEMS ENGINEERING .—Sec-
tion 139b(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘or (2)’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘systems 
engineering master plans and’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, sys-
tems engineering master plans,’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (C); by striking ‘‘systems 
engineering, development planning,’’ and in-serting ‘‘development planning’’; and 
(E) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (F); 
(4) by transferring subparagraphs (A) and (B) 
of paragraph (4) to the end of paragraph (2), as so redesignated, and redesignating those sub-paragraphs as subparagraphs (D) and (E), re-spectively; and 
(5) by striking paragraph (4). (c) R
EPORT ON DARPA.— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 2352 of title 10, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2352. 
(d) R
EPORTS ON STATUS OF NAVYNEXTGEN-
ERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORKS PROGRAM .— 
Section 1034 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4593) is repealed. 
SEC. 1079. REPEAL OF REPORTING REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT ON PRIZES FOR ADVANCED  
TECHNOLOGY ACHIEVEMENTS .—Section 2374a of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
(b) A
NNUAL IMPACT STATEMENT ON NUMBER  
OFMEMBERS IN INTEGRATED DISABILITY EVAL-
UATION SYSTEM ON READINESS REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 528 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 1725) is repealed. 
(c) R
EPORT ON TASKFORCE FOR BUSINESS AND  
STABILITY OPERATIONS IN AFGHANISTAN .—Sec-
tion 1535(a) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4426) is amended by strik-ing paragraph (6). 
(d) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW110–417.— 
(1) M ITIGATION OF POWER OUTAGE RISKS FOR  
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES AND ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 335 of the Duncan Hunter Nation 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4422; 10 U.S.C. 2911 note) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON CENTER OF EXCEL -
LENCE ON TRAUMATIC EXTREMITY INJURIES AND  
AMPUTATIONS .—Section 723 of the Duncan Hun-
ter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4508) is amended by striking (d). 
(e) B
IENNIAL UPDATE OF STRATEGIC MANAGE -
MENT PLAN.—Section 904(d) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 275) is amended 
by striking paragraph (3). 
(f) R OADMAPS AND REPORTS ON HYPERSONICS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 218 of the John Warner 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph 
(4); and 
(2) by striking subsection (f). (g) R
EPORTS ON ANNUAL REVIEW OF ROLES 
ANDMISSIONS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS .— 
Section 513(h) of the Ronald W. Reagan Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 1882; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2). 
(h) A
NNUAL SUBMITTAL OF INFORMATION RE-
GARDING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CAPITAL  
ASSETS .—Section 351 of the Bob Stump National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 221 note) is here-by repealed. 
SEC. 1080. TERMINATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF RE-PORTS REQUIRED OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BY STATUTE. 
(a) T ERMINATION .—Effective on the date that 
is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, each report described in subsection (b) that is still required to be submitted to Congress as of such effective date shall no longer be re-quired to be submitted to Congress. 
(b) C
OVERED REPORTS .—A report described in 
this subsection is a report that is required to be submitted to Congress by the Department of De-fense, or by any officer, official, component, or element of the Department, by any annual na-tional defense authorization Act as of April 1, 2015. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
February 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes each of the following: 
(1) A list of all reports described in subsection 
(b). 
(2) For each such report, a citation to the pro-
vision of law under which the report is required to be submitted. 
(3) Draft legislation that would repeal each 
such report. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1081. TECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND-
MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOTITLE 10, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended 
as follows: 
(1) The tables of chapters at the beginning of 
subtitle A, and at the beginning of part I of such subtitle, are each amended by striking the item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘19. Cyber Matters ............................. 391’’. 
(2) The heading of section 130e is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘§ 130e. Treatment under Freedom of Informa-
tion Act of certain critical infrastructure se-curity information’’. 
(3) The heading of section 153(a)(5) is amend-
ed to read as follows: ‘‘J
OINT FORCE DEVELOP -
MENT ACTIVITIES .—’’. 
(4) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 19 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 391 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with respect 
to networks and information sys-tems of operationally critical con-tractors and certain other con-tractors.’’. 
(5) The table of sections at the beginning of 
subchapter I of chapter 21 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 429 the fol-lowing new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6414 September 29, 2015 
‘‘430. Tactical Exploitation of National Capa-
bilities Executive Agent.’’. 
(6) Section 2006a(a) is amended by striking 
‘‘August, 1’’ and inserting ‘‘August 1’’. 
(7) Sections 2222(j)(5), 2223(c)(3), and 2315 are 
each amended by striking ‘‘section 3552(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b)(6)’’. 
(8) Section 2229(d)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘certification in writing’’ and inserting ‘‘a cer-tification in writing’’. 
(9) Section 2679, as transferred, redesignated, 
and amended by section 351 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3346), is amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘with’’ before ‘‘, on a sole source’’. 
(10) Section 2684(d)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘section 2023.01 of title 54’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 302101 of title 54’’. 
(11) Section 2687a(d)(2) is amended by insert-
ing ‘‘fair market’’ before ‘‘value’’. 
(12) Section 2926, as added and amended by 
section 901(g) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3464), is amended in sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (d) by striking ‘‘for In-stallations, Energy,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Energy, Installations,’’. 
(13) Section 9314a(b) is amended by striking 
‘‘only so long at’’ and inserting ‘‘only so long as’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2015.—Effective as of Decem-
ber 19, 2014, and as if included therein as en-acted, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 351(b)(1) (128 Stat. 3346) is amend-
ed by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
(2) Section 901(g)(1)(F) (128 Stat. 3465) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘paragraph (4) of’’ before ‘‘subsection (b) of section 2926’’. 
(3) Section 1072(a)(2) (128 Stat. 3516) is amend-
ed by inserting ‘‘in the table of sections’’ before ‘‘at the beginning of’’. 
(4) Section 1079(a)(1) (128 Stat. 3521) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘section 12102 of title 42, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)’’. 
(5) Section 1104(b)(2) (128 Stat. 3526) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. 
(6) Section 1208 (128 Stat. 3541) is amended by 
striking ‘‘of Fiscal Year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Fiscal Year’’. 
(7) Section 2803(a) (128 Stat. 3696) is amended 
in paragraph (2) of the subsection (f) being added by the amendment to be made by that sec-tion by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘1105 of title 31’’. 
(8) Section 2832(c)(3) (128 Stat. 3704) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘United State Code’’ and insert-ing ‘‘United States Code’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2009.—Section 943(d)(1) of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4578) by striking the second period at the end of the first sentence. 
(d) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2005.—Section 1208(f)(2) of the 
Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108– 375; 118 Stat. 2086), as amended by section 1202(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 363) and section 1202(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating the paragraphs (1) 
through (8) added by section 1202(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512) as subparagraphs (A) through (H), respectively; and (2) by moving the margins of such subpara-
graphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right. 
(e) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AMENDMENTS  
MADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of applying 
amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as having been enacted immediately before any such amend-ments by other provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 1082. SITUATIONS INVOLVING BOMBINGS OF 
PLACES OF PUBLIC USE, GOVERN-MENT FACILITIES, PUBLIC TRANS-PORTATION SYSTEMS, AND INFRA-STRUCTURE FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 18 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 383. Situations involving bombings of 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infra-structure facilities 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Upon the request of the 
Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense may provide assistance in support of Department of Justice activities related to the enforcement of section 2332f of title 18 during situations involv-ing bombings of places of public use, Govern-ment facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities. 
‘‘(b) R
ENDERING -SAFE SUPPORT .—Military ex-
plosive ordnance disposal units providing ren-dering-safe support to Department of Justice ac-tivities relating to the enforcement of section 175, 229, or 2332a of title 18 in emergency situa-tions involving weapons of mass destruction shall provide such support in a manner con-sistent with the provisions of section 382 of this title. 
‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—(1) The Secretary of De-
fense and the Attorney General shall jointly prescribe regulations concerning the types of as-sistance that may be provided under this sec-tion. Such regulations shall also describe the ac-tions that Department of Defense personnel may take in circumstances incident to the provision of assistance under this section. 
‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) may not authorize any of the following ac-tions: 
‘‘(i) Arrest. ‘‘(ii) Any direct participation in conducting a 
search for or seizure of evidence related to a vio-lation of section 175, 229, or 2332a of title 18. 
‘‘(iii) Any direct participation in the collection 
of intelligence for law enforcement purposes. 
‘‘(B) Such regulations may authorize an ac-
tion described in subparagraph (A) to be taken under the following conditions: 
‘‘(i) The action is considered necessary for the 
immediate protection of human life, and civilian law enforcement officials are not capable of tak-ing the action. 
‘‘(ii) The action is otherwise authorized under 
subsection (a) or under otherwise applicable law. 
‘‘(d) E
XPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEFINED .—The 
term ‘explosive ordnance’— 
‘‘(1) means— ‘‘(A) bombs and warheads; ‘‘(B) guided and ballistic missiles; ‘‘(C) artillery, mortar, rocket, and small arms 
ammunition; 
‘‘(D) all mines, torpedoes, and depth charges; ‘‘(E) grenades demolition charges; ‘‘(F) pyrotechnics; ‘‘(G) clusters and dispensers; ‘‘(H) cartridge- and propellant– actuated de-
vices; 
‘‘(I) electroexplosives devices; ‘‘(J) clandestine and improvised explosive de-
vices; and 
‘‘(K) all similar or related items or components 
explosive in nature; and 
‘‘(2) includes all munitions containing explo-
sives, propellants, nuclear fission or fusion ma-terials, and biological and chemical agents.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘383. Situations involving bombings of places of 
public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities.’’. 
SEC. 1083. EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR THE OVER-
SIGHT AND MANAGEMENT OF ALTER-NATIVE COMPENSATORY CONTROL MEASURES. 
(a) E XECUTIVE AGENT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 21 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end of the following new section: 
‘‘§ 430a. Executive agent for management and 
oversight of alternative compensatory con-trol measures 
‘‘(a) E
XECUTIVE AGENT.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall designate a senior official from among the personnel of the Department of De-fense to act as the Department of Defense execu-tive agent for the management and oversight of alternative compensatory control measures. 
‘‘(b) R
OLES, RESPONSIBILITIES , ANDAUTHORI -
TIES.—The Secretary shall prescribe the roles, 
responsibilities, and authorities of the executive agent designated under subsection (a). Such roles, responsibilities, and authorities shall in-clude the development of an annual manage-ment and oversight plan for Department-wide accountability and reporting to the congres-sional defense committees.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of subchapter I of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘430a. Executive agent for management and 
oversight of alternative compen-satory control measures.’’. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after the 
close of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the oversight and management of alternative com-pensatory control measures. Each such report shall include— 
(1) the annual management and oversight 
plan required under section 430a(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a); 
(2) a discussion of the scope and number of al-
ternative compensatory control measures in ef-fect; 
(3) a brief description of each alternative com-
pensatory control measures program and of the number of individuals with access to such pro-gram; and 
(4) any other matters the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
SEC. 1084. NAVY SUPPORT OF OCEAN RESEARCH 
ADVISORY PANEL. 
Section 7903 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 1085. LEVEL OF READINESS OF CIVIL RE-
SERVE AIR FLEET CARRIERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The National Airlift Policy states that 
‘‘[t]he national defense airlift objective is to en-sure that military and civil airlift resources will be able to meet defense mobilization and deploy-ment requirements in support of US defense and foreign policies.’’. 
(2) The National Airlift Policy also emphasizes 
the need for ‘‘dialogue and cooperation with our national aviation industry,’’ and it states that ‘‘[i]t is of particular importance that the avia-tion industry be apprised by the Department of Defense of long-term requirements for airlift in support of national defense.’’. 
(3) The National Airlift Policy emphasizes the 
importance of both military and civil airlift re-sources and their interdependence in the fulfill-ment of the national defense airlift objective, and it states that the ‘‘Department of Defense shall establish appropriate levels for peacetime cargo airlift augmentation in order to promote the effectiveness of Civil Reserve Air Fleet and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6415 September 29, 2015 
provide training within the military airlift sys-
tem.’’. 
(4) Civil Reserve Air Fleet carriers continue to 
be an important component of the military air-lift system in support of United States defense and foreign policies. 
(b) L
EVEL OF READINESS OF CIVIL RESERVE  
AIRFLEET CARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 931 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 9517. Level of readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
Fleet carriers 
‘‘The Civil Reserve Air Fleet program is an im-
portant component of the military airlift system in support of United States defense and foreign policies, and it is the policy of the United States to maintain the readiness and interoperability of Civil Reserve Air Fleet carriers by providing appropriate levels of peacetime airlift augmenta-tion to maintain networks and infrastructure, exercise the system, and interface effectively within the military airlift system.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘9517. Level of Readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
Fleet carriers.’’. 
(3) D
EFINITION OF CIVIL RESERVE AIR FLEET  
PROGRAM .—Section 9511 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(12) The term ‘Civil Reserve Air Fleet pro-
gram’ means the program developed by the De-partment of Defense through which the Depart-ment of Defense augments its airlift capability by use of civil aircraft.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIREMENT .—On the day the 
President submits the budget to Congress for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that sets forth, for each fiscal year during the period covered by the current future-years de-fense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, each of the following, ex-pressed separately for passenger and cargo air-lift services: 
(1) The results (including analytical and jus-
tification materials) of an assessment, conducted in consultation with the Civil Reserve Air Fleet carriers, of the level of commercial airlift aug-mentation necessary to maintain the readiness and interoperability of such carriers, maintain networks and infrastructure, exercise the sys-tem, and facilitate the regular interfacing be-tween such carriers and the military airlift sys-tem, which shall include— 
(A) a projection of the number of block hours 
necessary to achieve such levels of commercial airlift augmentation; 
(B) a strategic plan for achieving such level of 
commercial airlift augmentation; and 
(C) an explanation of any deviation from the 
previous fiscal year’s assessment of the projected number of block hours under subparagraph (A). 
(2) A comparison (including analytical and 
justification materials and explanations of any deviations) of the forecasted number of block hours for each fiscal year of the period covered by the report with the projected number of block hours under paragraph (1)(A) for each such fis-cal year. 
SEC. 1086. REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT OF PER-
SONNEL SECURITY, INSIDER THREAT DETECTION AND PREVEN-TION, AND PHYSICAL SECURITY. 
(a) P ERSONNEL SECURITY AND INSIDER THREAT  
PROTECTION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— 
(1) P LANS AND SCHEDULES .—Consistent with 
the Memorandum of the Secretary of Defense dated March 18, 2014, regarding the rec-ommendations of the reviews of the Washington Navy Yard shooting, the Secretary of Defense shall develop plans and schedules— 
(A) to implement a continuous evaluation ca-
pability for the national security population for which clearance adjudications are conducted by the Department of Defense Central Adjudication 
Facility, in coordination with the heads of other relevant agencies; 
(B) to produce a Department-wide insider 
threat strategy and implementation plan, which includes— 
(i) resourcing for the Defense Insider Threat 
Management and Analysis Center and compo-nent insider threat programs, and 
(ii) alignment of insider threat protection pro-
grams with continuous evaluation capabilities and processes for personnel security; 
(C) to centralize the authority, accountability, 
and programmatic integration responsibilities, including fiscal control, for personnel security and insider threat protection under the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; 
(D) to develop a defense security enterprise re-
form investment strategy to ensure a consistent, long-term focus on funding to strengthen all of the Department’s security and insider threat programs, policies, functions, and information technology capabilities, including detecting threat behaviors conveyed in the cyber domain, in a manner that keeps pace with evolving threats and risks; 
(E) to resource and expedite deployment of the 
Identity Management Enterprise Services Archi-tecture; and 
(F) to implement the recommendations con-
tained in the study conducted by the Director of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation required by section 907 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1564 note), including, specifi-cally, the recommendations to centrally manage and regulate Department of Defense requests for personnel security background investigations. 
(2) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report de-scribing the plans and schedules required under paragraph (1). 
(b) P
HYSICAL AND LOGICAL ACCESS .—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense shall define phys-
ical and logical access standards, capabilities, and processes applicable to all personnel with access to Department of Defense installations and information technology systems, includ-ing— 
(A) periodic or regularized background or 
records checks appropriate to the type of phys-ical or logical access involved, the security level, the category of individuals authorized, and the level of access to be granted; 
(B) standards and methods for verifying the 
identity of individuals seeking access; and 
(C) electronic attribute-based access controls 
that are appropriate for the type of access and facility or information technology system in-volved; 
(2) the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget and the Chair of the Performance Accountability Council, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of General Services, and, when appropriate, the Director of National Intelligence, and in con-sultation with representatives from stakeholder organizations, shall design a capability to share and apply electronic identity information across the Government to enable real-time, risk-man-aged physical and logical access decisions; and 
(3) the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget, in conjunction with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and in consultation with representatives from stake-holder organizations, shall establish investiga-tive and adjudicative standards for the periodic or regularized reevaluation of the eligibility of an individual to retain credentials issued pursu-ant to Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12 (dated August 27, 2004), as appropriate, but not less frequently than the authorization pe-riod of the issued credentials. 
(c) S
ECURITY ENTERPRISE MANAGEMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Man-
agement and Budget shall— 
(1) formalize the Security, Suitability, and 
Credentialing Line of Business; and 
(2) submit to the appropriate congressional 
committee a report that describes plans— 
(A) for oversight by the Office of Management 
and Budget of activities of the executive branch of the Government for personnel security, suit-ability, and credentialing; 
(B) to designate enterprise shared services to 
optimize investments; 
(C) to define and implement data standards to 
support common electronic access to critical Government records; and 
(D) to reduce the burden placed on Govern-
ment data providers by centralizing requests for records access and ensuring proper sharing of the data with appropriate investigative and ad-judicative elements. 
(d) R
ECIPROCITY MANAGEMENT .—Not later 
than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Performance Ac-countability Council shall ensure that— 
(1) a centralized system is available to serve as 
the reciprocity management system for the Fed-eral Government; and 
(2) the centralized system described in para-
graph (1) is aligned with, and incorporates re-sults from, continuous evaluation and other en-terprise reform initiatives. 
(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Perform-ance Accountability Council, in coordination with the Security Executive Agent, the Suit-ability Executive Agent, and the Secretary of Defense, shall jointly develop a plan to— 
(1) implement the Security Executive Agent 
Directive on common, standardized employee and contractor security reporting requirements; 
(2) establish and implement uniform reporting 
requirements for employees and Federal contrac-tors, according to risk, relative to the safety of the workforce and protection of the most sen-sitive information of the Government; and 
(3) ensure that reported information is shared 
appropriately. 
(f) A
CCESS TO CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS  
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND OTHER PUR-
POSES .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—Section 9101(a) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) The terms ‘Security Executive Agent’ and 
‘Suitability Executive Agent’ mean the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability Executive Agent, respectively, established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any suc-cessor thereto.’’. 
(2) C
OVERED AGENCIES .—Section 9101(a)(6) of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) The Department of Homeland Security. ‘‘(H) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
‘‘(I) An Executive agency that— ‘‘(i) is authorized to conduct background in-
vestigations under a Federal statute; or 
‘‘(ii) is delegated authority to conduct back-
ground investigations in accordance with proce-dures established by the Security Executive Agent or the Suitability Executive Agent under subsection (b) or (c)(iv) of section 2.3 of Execu-tive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any suc-cessor thereto. 
‘‘(J) A contractor that conducts a background 
investigation on behalf of an agency described in subparagraphs (A) through (I).’’. 
(3) A
PPLICABLE PURPOSES OF INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Section 9101(b)(1) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; 
(B) in the matter preceding clause (i), as re-
designated— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the head of’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6416 September 29, 2015 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘criminal history 
record information’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of deter-
mining eligibility for any of the following:’’ and inserting ‘‘, in accordance with Federal Inves-tigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Suitability Executive Agent and Security Execu-tive Agent, for the purpose of— 
‘‘(A) determining eligibility for—’’; (C) in clause (i), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Access’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-
cess’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting a 
semicolon; 
(D) in clause (ii), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Assignment’’ and inserting 
‘‘assignment’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘or 
positions;’’; 
(E) in clause (iii), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Acceptance’’ and inserting 
‘‘acceptance’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (F) in clause (iv), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Appointment’’ and inserting 
‘‘appointment’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or a critical or sensitive posi-
tion’’; and 
(iii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
or’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) conducting a basic suitability or fitness 
assessment for Federal or contractor employees, using Federal Investigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability Executive Agent in accord-ance with— 
‘‘(i) Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 
38103), or any successor thereto; and 
‘‘(ii) the Office of Management and Budget 
Memorandum ‘Assignment of Functions Relat-ing to Coverage of Contractor Employee Fitness in the Federal Investigative Standards’, dated December 6, 2012; 
‘‘(C) credentialing under the Homeland Secu-
rity Presidential Directive 12 (dated August 27, 2004); and 
‘‘(D) Federal Aviation Administration checks 
required under— 
‘‘(i) the Federal Aviation Administration Drug 
Enforcement Assistance Act of 1988 (subtitle E of title VII of Public Law 100–690; 102 Stat. 4424) and the amendments made by that Act; or 
‘‘(ii) section 44710 of title 49.’’. (4) B
IOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC SEARCHES .— 
Section 9101(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2)(A) A State central criminal history record 
depository shall allow a covered agency to con-duct both biometric and biographic searches of criminal history record information. 
‘‘(B) Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be 
construed to prohibit the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation from requiring a request for criminal history record information to be accompanied by the fingerprints of the individual who is the subject of the request.’’. 
(5) U
SE OF MOST COST -EFFECTIVE SYSTEM .— 
Section 9101(e) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) If a criminal justice agency is able to pro-
vide the same information through more than 1 system described in paragraph (1), a covered agency may request information under sub-section (b) from the criminal justice agency, and require the criminal justice agency to provide the information, using the system that is most cost-effective for the Federal Government.’’. 
(6) S
EALED OR EXPUNGED RECORDS ; JUVENILE  
RECORDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 9101(a)(2) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by striking the third sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The term includes those records of a State or locality sealed pursuant to law if such records are acces-sible by State and local criminal justice agencies for the purpose of conducting background checks.’’. (B) R
EGULATIONS .— 
(i) D EFINITION .—In this subparagraph, the 
terms ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ and ‘‘Suit-ability Executive Agent’’ mean the Security Ex-ecutive Agent and the Suitability Executive Agent, respectively, established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any suc-cessor thereto. 
(ii) D
EVELOPMENT ; PROMULGATION .—The Se-
curity Executive Agent shall— 
(I) not later than 45 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and in conjunction with the Suitability Executive Agent and the Attorney General, begin developing regulations to imple-ment the amendments made by subparagraph (A); and 
(II) not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, promulgate regulations to implement the amendments made by subpara-graph (A). 
(C) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Federal Government should not uniformly reject applicants for employment with the Federal Government or Federal con-tractors based on— 
(i) sealed or expunged criminal records; or (ii) juvenile records. (7) I
NTERACTION WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AND  
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES ABROAD .—Section 9101 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) Upon request by a covered agency and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of this section, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Overseas Citizens Services shall make available criminal history record information collected by the Deputy Assistant Secretary with respect to an individual who is under investiga-tion by the covered agency regarding any inter-action of the individual with a law enforcement agency or intelligence agency of a foreign coun-try.’’. 
(8) C
LARIFICATION OF SECURITY REQUIREMENTS  
FOR CONTRACTORS CONDUCTING BACKGROUND IN -
VESTIGATIONS .—Section 9101 of title 5, United 
States Code, as amended by this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) If a contractor described in subsection 
(a)(6)(J) uses an automated information delivery system to request criminal history record infor-mation, the contractor shall comply with any necessary security requirements for access to that system.’’. 
(9) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING ADVERSE AC -
TIONS .—Section 7512 of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) a suitability action taken by the Office 
under regulations prescribed by the Office, sub-ject to the rules prescribed by the President under this title for the administration of the competitive service.’’. 
(10) A
NNUAL REPORT BY SUITABILITY AND SE -
CURITY CLEARANCE PERFORMANCE ACCOUNT -
ABILITY COUNCIL .—Section 9101 of title 5, United 
States Code, as amended by this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) The Suitability and Security Clearance 
Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, an annual report that— 
‘‘(1) describes efforts of the Council to inte-
grate Federal, State, and local systems for shar-ing criminal history record information; 
‘‘(2) analyzes the extent and effectiveness of 
Federal education programs regarding criminal history record information; ‘‘(3) provides an update on the implementa-
tion of best practices for sharing criminal his-tory record information, including ongoing limi-tations experienced by investigators working for or on behalf of a covered agency with respect to access to State and local criminal history record information; and 
‘‘(4) provides a description of limitations on 
the sharing of information relevant to a back-ground investigation, other than criminal his-tory record information, between— 
‘‘(A) investigators working for or on behalf of 
a covered agency; and 
‘‘(B) State and local law enforcement agen-
cies.’’. 
(11) GAO 
REPORT ON ENHANCING INTEROPER -
ABILITY AND REDUCING REDUNDANCY IN FEDERAL  
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ACCESS  
CONTROL , BACKGROUND CHECK , AND 
CREDENTIALING STANDARDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than \ one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the background check, access control, and credentialing requirements of Federal programs for the protection of critical infrastructure and key resources. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The Comptroller General shall 
include in the report required under subpara-graph (A)— 
(i) a summary of the major characteristics of 
each such Federal program, including the types of infrastructure and resources covered; 
(ii) a comparison of the requirements, whether 
mandatory or voluntary in nature, for regulated entities under each such program to— 
(I) conduct background checks on employees, 
contractors, and other individuals; 
(II) adjudicate the results of a background 
check, including the utilization of a standard-ized set of disqualifying offenses or the consider-ation of minor, non-violent, or juvenile offenses; and 
(III) establish access control systems to deter 
unauthorized access, or provide a security cre-dential for any level of access to a covered facil-ity or resource; 
(iii) a review of any efforts that the Screening 
Coordination Office of the Department of Home-land Security has undertaken or plans to under-take to harmonize or standardize background check, access control, or credentialing require-ments for critical infrastructure and key re-source protection programs overseen by the De-partment; and 
(iv) recommendations, developed in consulta-
tion with appropriate stakeholders, regarding— 
(I) enhancing the interoperability of security 
credentials across critical infrastructure and key resource protection programs; 
(II) eliminating the need for redundant back-
ground checks or credentials across existing crit-ical infrastructure and key resource protection programs; 
(III) harmonizing, where appropriate, the 
standards for identifying potentially disquali-fying criminal offenses and the weight assigned to minor, nonviolent, or juvenile offenses in ad-judicating the results of a completed back-ground check; and 
(IV) the development of common, risk-based 
standards with respect to the background check, access control, and security credentialing re-quirements for critical infrastructure and key resource protection programs. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6417 September 29, 2015 
(C) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, and the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the term ‘‘Performance Accountability 
Council’’ means the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
SEC. 1087. TRANSFER OF SURPLUS FIREARMS TO 
CORPORATION FOR THE PROMOTION OF RIFLE PRACTICE AND FIREARMS SAFETY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF TRANSFER OF SURPLUS  
FIREARMS TO CORPORATION FOR THE PROMOTION  
OFRIFLEPRACTICE AND FIREARMS SAFETY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 40728 of title 36, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZED TRANSFERS .—(1) Subject to 
paragraph (2), the Secretary may transfer to the corporation, in accordance with the procedure prescribed in this subchapter, surplus caliber .45 M1911/M1911A1 pistols and spare parts and re-lated accessories for those pistols that, on the date of the enactment of this subsection, are under the control of the Secretary and are sur-plus to the requirements of the Department of the Army, and such material as may be recov-ered by the Secretary pursuant to section 40728A(a) of this title. The Secretary shall deter-mine a reasonable schedule for the transfer of such surplus pistols. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may not transfer more 
than 10,000 surplus caliber .45 M1911/M1911A1 pistols to the corporation during any year and may only transfer such pistols as long as pistols described in paragraph (1) remain available for transfer.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Such title is further amended— 
(A) in section 40728A— (i) by striking ‘‘rifles’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘surplus firearms’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
40731(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 40732(a)’’; 
(B) in section 40729(a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
40728(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (h) of section 40728’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘40728(a)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (h) of section 40728’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and cal-
iber .45 M1911/M1911A1 surplus pistols’’ after ‘‘caliber .30 and caliber .22 rimfire rifles’’; 
(C) in section 40732— (i) by striking ‘‘caliber .22 rimfire and caliber 
.30 surplus rifles’’ both places it appears and in-serting ‘‘surplus caliber .22 rimfire rifles, caliber .30 surplus rifles, and caliber .45 M1911/M1911A1 surplus pistols’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘is over 18 
years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘is legally of age’’; and 
(D) in section 40733— (i) by striking ‘‘Section 922(a)(1)-(3) and (5)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (b), section 922(a)(1)-(3) and (5)’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to firearms 
other than caliber .22 rimfire and caliber .30 ri-fles, the corporation shall obtain a license as a dealer in firearms and abide by all requirements imposed on persons licensed under chapter 44 of title 18, including maintaining acquisition and disposition records, and conducting background checks.’’. 
(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) O NE-YEAR AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
the Army may carry out a one-year pilot pro-gram under which the Secretary may transfer to the Corporation for the Promotion of Rifle Prac-tice and Firearms Safety not more than 10,000 firearms described in paragraph (2). (2) F
IREARMS DESCRIBED .—The firearms de-
scribed in this paragraph are surplus caliber .45 M1911/M1911A1 pistols and spare parts and re-lated accessories for those pistols that, on the date of the enactment of this section, are under the control of the Secretary and are surplus to the requirements of the Department of the Army. 
(3) T
RANSFER REQUIREMENTS .—Transfers of 
surplus caliber .45 M1911/M1911A1 pistols from the Army to the Corporation under the pilot program shall be made in accordance with sub-chapter II of chapter 407 of title 36, United States Code. 
(4) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(A) I NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the Secretary initiates the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an interim report on the pilot pro-gram. 
(B) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 15 days 
after the Secretary completes the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a final report on the pilot program. 
(C) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Each report re-
quired by this subsection shall include, for the period covered by the report— 
(i) the number of firearms described in sub-
section (a)(2) transferred under the pilot pro-gram; and 
(ii) information on any crimes committed 
using firearms transferred under the pilot pro-gram. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFER OF SURPLUS CAL-
IBER .45 M1911/M1911A1 P ISTOLS .—The Sec-
retary may not transfer firearms described in subsection (b)(2) under subchapter II of chapter 407 of title 36, United States Code, until the date that is 60 days after the date of the submittal of the final report required under subsection (b)(4)(B). 
SEC. 1088. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR TRANSFERRING AIRCRAFT WITHIN THE AIR FORCE INVENTORY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
345 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the first sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘Before making an aircraft trans-fer described in subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that a written agree-ment regarding such transfer has been entered into between the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Director of the Air National Guard or the Chief of Air Force Reserve.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘depot’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(b) S
UBMITTAL OF AGREEMENTS TO THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force may not take any ac-tion to transfer an aircraft until the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) ensures that the Air Force has complied 
with Department of Defense regulations appli-cable to the transfer; and 
‘‘(2) for a transfer described in subsection 
(c)(1), submits to the congressional defense com-mittees an agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a) regarding the transfer of the air-craft.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(c) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT TRANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) C OVERED TRANSFERS .—An aircraft trans-
fer described in this subsection is the transfer (other than as specified in paragraph (2)) from a reserve component of the Air Force to the reg-ular component of the Air Force of— 
‘‘(A) the permanent assignment of an aircraft 
that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft; or 
‘‘(B) possession of an aircraft for a period in 
excess of 90 days. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not 
apply to the following: 
‘‘(A) A routine temporary transfer of posses-
sion of an aircraft from a reserve component that is made solely for the benefit of the reserve 
component for the purpose of maintenance, up-grade, conversion, modification, or testing and evaluation. 
‘‘(B) A routine permanent transfer of assign-
ment of an aircraft that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft if notice of the transfer has previously been pro-vided to the congressional defense committees and the transfer has been approved by the Sec-retary of Defense pursuant to Department of Defense regulations. 
‘‘(C) A transfer described in paragraph (1)(A) 
when there is a reciprocal permanent assign-ment of an aircraft from the regular component of the Air Force to the reserve component that does not degrade the capability of, or reduce the total number of, aircraft assigned to the reserve component. 
‘‘(d) R
ETURN OF AIRCRAFT AFTER ROUTINE  
TEMPORARY TRANSFER .—In the case of an air-
craft transferred from a reserve component of the Air Force to the regular component of the Air Force for which an agreement under sub-section (a) is not required by reason of sub-section (c)(2)(A), possession of the aircraft shall be transferred back to the reserve component upon completion of the work described in sub-section (c)(2)(A).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
345(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Com-mander of the Air Force Reserve Command’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief of Air Force Reserve’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO DELETE REF-
ERENCES TO AIRCRAFT OWNERSHIP .—Section 
345(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended in paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(C), and (3) by striking ‘‘the owner-ship of’’. 
SEC. 1089. REESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION 
TO ASSESS THE THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES FROM ELECTRO-MAGNETIC PULSE ATTACK. 
(a) R EESTABLISHMENT .—The commission es-
tablished pursuant to title XIV of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public 
Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–345), and reestab-lished pursuant to section 1052 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 50 U.S.C. 2301 note), known as the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack, is hereby reestablished. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—Service on the Commission 
is voluntary, and Commissioners may elect to terminate their service on the Commission. If a Commissioner is unwilling or unable to serve on the Commission, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the chairmen and ranking members of the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall appoint a new member to fill that vacancy. 
(c) C
OMMISSION CHARTER DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘Commission charter’’ means title XIV of the Floyd D. Spence National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–345 et seq.), as amended by section 1052 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 50 U.S.C. 2301 note) and section 1073 of the John Warner National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2403). 
(d) E
XPANDED PURPOSE .—Section 1401(b) of 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A–345) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, from non-nuclear EMP weapons, from natural EMP generated by geo-magnetic storms, and from proposed uses in the military doctrines of potential adversaries of using EMP weapons in combination with other attack vectors.’’. 
(e) D
UTIES OF COMMISSION .—Section 1402 of 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A–346) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6418 September 29, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 1402. DUTIES OF COMMISSION. 
‘‘The Commission shall assess the following: 
‘‘(1) The vulnerability of electric-dependent 
military systems in the United States to a man-made or natural EMP event, giving special at-tention to the progress made by the Department of Defense, other Government departments and agencies of the United States, and entities of the private sector in taking steps to protect such systems from such an event. 
‘‘(2) The evolving current and future threat 
from state and non-state actors of a manmade EMP attack employing nuclear or non-nuclear weapons. 
‘‘(3) New technologies, operational proce-
dures, and contingency planning that can pro-tect electronics and military systems from the ef-fects a manmade or natural EMP event. 
‘‘(4) Among the States, if State grids are pro-
tected against manmade or natural EMP, which States should receive highest priority for pro-tecting critical defense assets. 
‘‘(5) The degree to which vulnerabilities of 
critical infrastructure systems create cascading vulnerabilities for military systems.’’. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Section 1403 of the Commission 
charter (114 Stat. 1654A–345) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2017’’. 
(g) T
ERMINATION .—Section 1049 of the Com-
mission charter (114 Stat. 1654A–348) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, as amended by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 1090. MINE COUNTERMEASURES MASTER 
PLAN AND REPORT. 
(a) M ASTER PLANREQUIRED .— 
(1) P LAN REQUIRED .—At the same time the 
budget is submitted to Congress for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2023, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a mine countermeasures (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘MCM’’) master plan. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each MCM master plan sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include each of the following: 
(A) An evaluation of the capabilities, capac-
ities, requirements, and readiness levels of the defensive capabilities of the Navy for MCM, in-cluding an assessment of— 
(i) the dedicated MCM force; and (ii) the capabilities of ships, aircraft, and sub-
marines that are not yet dedicated to MCM but could be modified to carry MCM capabilities. 
(B) An evaluation of the ability of com-
manders— 
(i) to properly command and control air and 
surface MCM forces from the fleet to the unit level; and 
(ii) to provide necessary operational and tac-
tical control and awareness of such forces to fa-cilitate mission accomplishment and defense. 
(C) An assessment of— (i) technologies having promising potential to 
improve MCM; and 
(ii) programs for transitioning such tech-
nologies from the testing and evaluation phases to procurement. 
(D) A fiscal plan to support the master plan 
through the Future Years Defense Plan. 
(E) A plan for inspection of each asset with 
MCM responsibilities, requirements, and capa-bilities, which shall include proposed methods to ensure the material readiness of each asset and the training level of the force, a general sum-mary, and readiness trends. 
(3) F
ORM OF SUBMISSION .—Each MCM master 
plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall be in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex addressing the capability and capacity to meet operational plans and contingency require-ments. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the recommendations of the Sec-retary— (A) regarding MCM force structure; and 
(B) ensuring the operational effectiveness of 
the surface MCM force through 2025 based on current capabilities and capacity, replacement schedules, and service life extensions or retire-ment schedules. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the MCM vessels, includ-
ing the decommissioned MCM–1 and MCM–2 ships and the potential of such ships for reserve operating status. 
(B) An assessment of the Littoral Combat Ship 
MCM mission package increment one perform-ance against the initial operational test and evaluation criteria. 
(C) An assessment of other commercially 
available MCM systems that could supplement or supplant Littoral Combat Ship MCM mission package systems. 
SEC. 1091. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND 
BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON OR-DERED EVACUATIONS OF UNITED STATES EMBASSIES AND CON-SULATES INVOLVING SUPPORT PRO-VIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) N OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall provide notification to the appropriate congressional committees as soon as practicable upon the initiation of an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate involving support provided by the Department of Defense. 
(b) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of 
Defense and the Secretary of State shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional com-mittees not later than 15 days after the initi-ation of an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate involving support provided by the Department of Defense. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1092. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY 
COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY COORDI -
NATOR .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall designate an existing Federal official to coordinate efforts to secure the release of United States persons who are hostages held abroad. For purposes of carrying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such official shall have the title of ‘‘Interagency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have the 
following duties: 
(A) Coordinate activities of the Federal Gov-
ernment relating to each hostage situation de-scribed in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to se-cure the release of hostages are properly resourced and correct lines of authority are es-tablished and maintained. 
(B) Chair a fusion cell consisting of appro-
priate personnel of the Federal Government with purview over each hostage situation de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(C) Ensure sufficient representation of each 
Federal agency and department at each fusion cell established under subparagraph (B) and issue procedures for adjudication and appeal. 
(D) Develop processes and procedures to keep 
family members of hostages described in para-graph (1) informed of the status of such hos-tages, inform such family members of updates that do not compromise the national security of the United States, and coordinate with the Fed-eral Government’s family engagement coordi-nator or other designated senior representative. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY REPORT AND BRIEFING .— 
(1) R EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the 
Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that includes a 
summary of each hostage situation described in subsection (a)(1). 
(B) F
ORM OF REPORT .— Each report under 
this subparagraph (A) may be submitted in clas-sified or unclassified form. 
(2) B
RIEFING .—On a quarterly basis, the Coor-
dinator shall provide to the Senators rep-resenting the State, and the Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the House of Rep-resentatives representing the district, where a hostage described in subsection (a)(1) resides a briefing with respect to the status of such hos-tage. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate 
congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on the Judiciary, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on the Judiciary, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1093. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE INAD-
VERTENT TRANSFER OF ANTHRAX FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the inadvertent transfer of live Bacillus 
anthracis, also known as anthrax, from an Army laboratory to numerous laboratories lo-cated in many States and several countries that was discovered in May 2015 represents a serious safety lapse; 
(2) the Department of Defense, in cooperation 
with the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, should continue to investigate the cause of this lapse and determine what protec-tive protocols should be strengthened; 
(3) the Department of Defense should reassess 
all Select Agent standards on a regular basis to ensure they are current and effective to prevent a reoccurrence; and 
(4) the Department of Defense should keep 
Congress apprised of the investigation, any po-tential public health or safety risk, corrective actions taken, and plans to regularly reassess standards. 
SEC. 1094. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN REQUIRE-
MENTS APPLICABLE TO MAJOR MED-ICAL FACILITY LEASE FOR A DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OUTPATIENT CLINIC IN TULSA, OKLAHOMA. 
Section 601(b) of the Veterans Access, Choice, 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 128 Stat. 1793) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘
INTULSA.—’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘In carrying out’’ and inserting ‘‘
INTULSA.—In carrying out’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2); (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (E) as paragraphs (1) through (5), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such paragraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the left; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘140,000 gross square feet’’ and insert-ing ‘‘140,000 net usable square feet’’; 
(5) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘not more than the average’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not more than the average of equivalent medical facility leases exe-cuted by the Department of Veterans Affairs over the last five years, plus 20 percent;’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘30-year life cycle’’ and inserting ‘‘20- year life cycle’’. 
SEC. 1095. AUTHORIZATION OF FISCAL YEAR 2015 
MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects in fiscal year 2015, with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6419 September 29, 2015 
each project to be carried out in an amount not 
to exceed the amount specified for that project: 
(1) Construction of a community living center, 
outpatient clinic, renovated domiciliary, and renovation of existing buildings in Canandaigua, New York, in an amount not to exceed $158,980,000. 
(2) Seismic corrections to the mental health 
and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to exceed $126,100,000. 
(3) Seismic correction of 12 buildings in West 
Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $70,500,000. 
(4) Construction of a spinal cord injury build-
ing and seismic corrections in San Diego, Cali-fornia, in an amount not to exceed $205,840,000. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2015 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account, a total of $561,420,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1096. DESIGNATION OF CONSTRUCTION 
AGENT FOR CERTAIN CONSTRUC-TION PROJECTS BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall seek to enter into an agreement subject to subsections (b), (c), and (e) of section 1535 of title 31, United States Code, with the Army Corps of Engineers or another entity of the Federal Government to serve, on a reimburs-able basis, as the construction agent for the con-struction, alteration, or acquisition of any med-ical facility of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs specifically authorized by Congress after the date of the enactment of this Act that in-volves a total expenditure of more than $100,000,000, excluding any acquisition by ex-change. 
(b) A
GREEMENT .—Under the agreement en-
tered into under subsection (a), the construction agent shall provide design, procurement, and construction management services for the con-struction, alteration, and acquisition of medical facilities of the Department. 
SEC. 1097. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STRATEGY 
FOR COUNTERING UNCONVEN-TIONAL WARFARE. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall, in consultation with the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the heads of other appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government, develop a strategy for the Department of Defense to counter unconventional warfare threats posed by adversarial state and non-state actors. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under 
subsection (a) shall include each of the fol-lowing: 
(1) An articulation of the activities that con-
stitute unconventional warfare threats to the United States and allies. 
(2) A clarification of the roles and responsibil-
ities of the Department of Defense in providing indications and warning of, and protection against, acts of unconventional warfare. 
(3) An analysis of the adequacy of current au-
thorities and command structures necessary for countering unconventional warfare. 
(4) An articulation of the goals and objectives 
of the Department of Defense with respect to countering unconventional warfare threats. 
(5) An articulation of related or required 
interagency capabilities and whole-of-Govern-ment activities required by the Department of Defense to support a counter-unconventional warfare strategy. 
(6) Recommendations for improving the 
counter-unconventional warfare capabilities, authorities, and command structures of the De-partment of Defense. 
(7) Recommendations for improving inter-
agency coordination and support mechanisms with respect to countering unconventional war-fare threats. (8) Recommendations for the establishment of 
joint doctrine to support counter-unconven-tional warfare capabilities within the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(9) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
considers appropriate. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy required by subsection (a). The strategy shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) U
NCONVENTIONAL WARFARE DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘unconventional warfare’’ means activities conducted to enable a resist-ance movement or insurgency to coerce, disrupt, or overthrow a government or occupying power by operating through or with an underground, auxiliary, or guerrilla force in a denied area. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
Sec. 1101. Procedures for reduction in force of 
Department of Defense civilian personnel. 
Sec. 1102. One-year extension of temporary au-
thority to grant allowances, bene-fits, and gratuities to civilian per-sonnel on official duty in a com-bat zone. 
Sec. 1103. Extension of rate of overtime pay for 
Department of the Navy employ-ees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nu-clear-powered aircraft carrier for-ward deployed in Japan. 
Sec. 1104. Modification to temporary authorities 
for certain positions at Depart-ment of Defense research and en-gineering facilities. 
Sec. 1105. Required probationary period for new 
employees of the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1106. Delay of periodic step increase for ci-
vilian employees of the Depart-ment of Defense based upon unac-ceptable performance. 
Sec. 1107. United States Cyber Command work-
force. 
Sec. 1108. One-year extension of authority to 
waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limita-tion on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. 
Sec. 1109. Pilot program on dynamic shaping of 
the workforce to improve the tech-nical skills and expertise at cer-tain Department of Defense lab-oratories. 
Sec. 1110. Pilot program on temporary exchange 
of financial management and ac-quisition personnel. 
Sec. 1111. Pilot program on enhanced pay au-
thority for certain acquisition and technology positions in the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1112. Pilot program on direct hire author-
ity for veteran technical experts into the defense acquisition work-force. 
Sec. 1113. Direct hire authority for technical ex-
perts into the defense acquisition workforce. 
SEC. 1101. PROCEDURES FOR REDUCTION IN 
FORCE OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN PERSONNEL. 
(a) P ROCEDURES .—Section 1597 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) R
EDUCTIONS BASED PRIMARILY ON PER-
FORMANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall es-
tablish procedures to provide that, in imple-menting any reduction in force for civilian posi-tions in the Department of Defense in the com-petitive service or the excepted service, the de-termination of which employees shall be sepa-rated from employment in the Department shall be made primarily on the basis of performance, as determined under any applicable perform-
ance management system.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should proceed with the collaborative work with em-ployee representatives on the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incen-tive system authorized under section 1113 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 5 U.S.C. 9902 note) and begin implementation of the new sys-tem at the earliest possible date. 
SEC. 1102. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY 
AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOW-ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emer-
gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for De-fense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and as most recently amended by section 1102 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3525), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 1103. EXTENSION OF RATE OF OVERTIME 
PAY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEAR-POWERED AIR-CRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DE-PLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 1104. MODIFICATION TO TEMPORARY AU-
THORITIES FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RE-SEARCH AND ENGINEERING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 1107 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 888) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(4) N
ONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSION TO PERMA -
NENT APPOINTMENT .—With respect to any stu-
dent appointed by the director of an STRL under paragraph (3) to a temporary or term ap-pointment, upon graduation from the applicable institution of higher education (as defined in such paragraph), the director may noncompeti-tively convert such student to a permanent ap-pointment within the STRL without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code (other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such title), provided the student meets all eligibility and Office of Personnel Management qualification requirements for the position.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘3 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘1 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘3 percent’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘1 percent’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’. 
SEC. 1105. REQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD 
FOR NEW EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 81 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1599e. Probationary period for employees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 
3321 and 3393(d) of title 5, the appointment of a covered employee shall become final only after such employee has served a probationary period of two years. The Secretary concerned may ex-tend a probationary period under this sub-section at the discretion of such Secretary. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘covered employee’ means any 
individual— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6420 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(A) appointed to a permanent position with-
in the competitive service at the Department of Defense; or 
‘‘(B) appointed as a career appointee (as that 
term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the De-partment. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘Secretary concerned’ includes 
the Secretary of Defense with respect to employ-ees of the Department of Defense who are not employees of a military department. 
‘‘(c) E
MPLOYMENT BECOMES FINAL.—Upon the 
expiration of a covered employee’s probationary period under subsection (a), the supervisor of the employee shall determine whether the ap-pointment becomes final based on regulations prescribed for such purpose by the Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION OF CHAPTER 75 OFTITLE 5 
FOREMPLOYEES IN THE COMPETITIVE SERVICE .— 
With respect to any individual described in sub-section (b)(1)(A) and to whom this section ap-plies, section 7501(1) and section 7511(a)(1)(A)(ii) of title 5 shall be applied to such individual by substituting ‘completed 2 years’ for ‘completed 1 year’ in each instance it appears.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1599e. Probationary period for employees.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to any covered em-ployee (as that term is defined in section 1599e of title 10, United States Code, as added by such subsection) appointed after the date of the en-actment of this section. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 3321(c), by inserting at the end 
before the period the following: ‘‘, or any indi-vidual covered by section 1599e of title 10’’; 
(2) in section 3393(d), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any individual covered by section 1599e of title 10.’’; 
(3) in section 7501(1), by striking ‘‘or who’’ 
and inserting ‘‘or, except as provided in section 1599e of title 10, who’’; 
(4) in section 7511(a)(1)(A)(ii), by inserting 
‘‘except as provided in section 1599e of title 10,’’ before ‘‘who’’; and 
(5) in section 7541(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘or sec-
tion 1599e of title 10’’ after ‘‘this title’’. 
SEC. 1106. DELAY OF PERIODIC STEP INCREASE 
FOR CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASED UPON UNACCEPTABLE PERFORM-ANCE. 
(a) D ELAY.—Under procedures established by 
the Secretary of Defense, upon a determination by the Secretary that the work of an employee is not at an acceptable level of competence, the period of time during which the work of the em-ployee is not at an acceptable level of com-petence shall not count toward completion of the period of service required for purposes of subsection (a) of section 5335 of title 5, United States Code, or subsection (e)(1) or (e)(2) of sec-tion 5343 of such title. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO PERIODS OF SERVICE .— 
Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to any period of service performed before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1107. UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND 
WORKFORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 81 of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by section 1105, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 1599f. United States Cyber Command re-
cruitment and retention 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary 
of Defense may— 
‘‘(A) establish, as positions in the excepted 
service, such qualified positions in the Depart-ment of Defense as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the responsibilities of the 
United States Cyber Command, including— 
‘‘(i) positions held by staff of the headquarters 
of the United States Cyber Command; 
‘‘(ii) positions held by elements of the United 
States Cyber Command enterprise relating to cyberspace operations, including elements as-signed to the Joint Task Force-Department of Defense Information Networks; and 
‘‘(iii) positions held by elements of the mili-
tary departments supporting the United States Cyber Command; 
‘‘(B) appoint an individual to a qualified posi-
tion (after taking into consideration the avail-ability of preference eligibles for appointment to the position); and 
‘‘(C) subject to the requirements of subsections 
(b) and (c), fix the compensation of an indi-vidual for service in a qualified position. 
‘‘(2) The authority of the Secretary under this 
subsection applies without regard to the provi-sions of any other law relating to the appoint-ment, number, classification, or compensation of employees. 
‘‘(b) B
ASIC PAY.—(1) In accordance with this 
section, the Secretary shall fix the rates of basic pay for any qualified position established under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) in relation to the rates of pay provided 
for employees in comparable positions in the De-partment, in which the employee occupying the comparable position performs, manages, or su-pervises functions that execute the cyber mission of the Department; and 
‘‘(B) subject to the same limitations on max-
imum rates of pay established for such employ-ees by law or regulation. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may— ‘‘(A) consistent with section 5341 of title 5, 
adopt such provisions of that title to provide for prevailing rate systems of basic pay; and 
‘‘(B) apply those provisions to qualified posi-
tions for employees in or under which the De-partment may employ individuals described by section 5342(a)(2)(A) of such title. 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION , INCENTIVES , 
ANDALLOWANCES .—(1) The Secretary may pro-
vide employees in qualified positions compensa-tion (in addition to basic pay), including bene-fits, incentives, and allowances, consistent with, and not in excess of the level authorized for, comparable positions authorized by title 5. 
‘‘(2) An employee in a qualified position 
whose rate of basic pay is fixed under sub-section (b)(1) shall be eligible for an allowance under section 5941 of title 5 on the same basis and to the same extent as if the employee was an employee covered by such section, including eligibility conditions, allowance rates, and all other terms and conditions in law or regulation. 
‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANREQUIRED .—The 
authority granted in subsection (a) shall become effective 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense provides to the congres-sional defense committees a plan for implemen-tation of such authority. The plan shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) An assessment of the current scope of the 
positions covered by the authority. 
‘‘(2) A plan for the use of the authority. ‘‘(3) An assessment of the anticipated work-
force needs of the United States Cyber Command across the future-years defense plan. 
‘‘(4) Other matters as appropriate. ‘‘(e) C
OLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS .— 
Nothing in subsection (a) may be construed to impair the continued effectiveness of a collective bargaining agreement with respect to an office, component, subcomponent, or equivalent of the Department that is a successor to an office, com-ponent, subcomponent, or equivalent of the De-partment covered by the agreement before the succession. 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIRED REGULATIONS .—The Secretary, 
in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall prescribe regu-lations for the administration of this section. 
‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—(1) Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and not less frequently than once each year 
thereafter until the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Management, in coordination with the Secretary, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a de-tailed report on the administration of this sec-tion during the most recent one-year period. 
‘‘(2) Each report submitted under paragraph 
(1) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: 
‘‘(A) A discussion of the process used in ac-
cepting applications, assessing candidates, en-suring adherence to veterans’ preference, and selecting applicants for vacancies to be filled by an individual for a qualified position. 
‘‘(B) A description of the following: ‘‘(i) How the Secretary plans to fulfill the crit-
ical need of the Department to recruit and re-tain employees in qualified positions. 
‘‘(ii) The measures that will be used to meas-
ure progress. 
‘‘(iii) Any actions taken during the reporting 
period to fulfill such critical need. 
‘‘(C) A discussion of how the planning and 
actions taken under subparagraph (B) are inte-grated into the strategic workforce planning of the Department. 
‘‘(D) The metrics on actions occurring during 
the reporting period, including the following: 
‘‘(i) The number of employees in qualified po-
sitions hired, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(ii) The placement of employees in qualified 
positions, disaggregated by military department, Defense Agency, or other component within the Department. 
‘‘(iii) The total number of veterans hired. ‘‘(iv) The number of separations of employees 
in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupa-tion and grade and level or pay band. 
‘‘(v) The number of retirements of employees 
in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupa-tion, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(vi) The number and amounts of recruitment, 
relocation, and retention incentives paid to em-ployees in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(E) A description of the training provided to 
supervisors of employees in qualified positions at the Department on the use of the new au-thorities. 
‘‘(h) T
HREE-YEAR PROBATIONARY PERIOD .— 
The probationary period for all employees hired under the authority established in this section shall be three years. 
‘‘(i) I
NCUMBENTS OF EXISTING COMPETITIVE  
SERVICE POSITIONS .—(1) An individual occu-
pying a position on the date of the enactment of this section that is selected to be converted to a position in the excepted service under this sec-tion shall have the right to refuse such conver-sion. 
‘‘(2) After the date on which an individual 
who refuses a conversion under paragraph (1) stops serving in the position selected to be con-verted, the position may be converted to a posi-tion in the excepted service. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘collective bargaining agree-
ment’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 7103(a)(8) of title 5. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘excepted service’ has the mean-
ing given that term in section 2103 of title 5. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘preference eligible’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2108(3) of title 5. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6421 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(5) The term ‘qualified position’ means a po-
sition, designated by the Secretary for the pur-pose of this section, in which the individual oc-cupying such position performs, manages, or su-pervises functions that execute the responsibil-ities of the United States Cyber Command relat-ing to cyber operations. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘Senior Executive Service’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 2101a of title 5.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
3132(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter following subparagraph (E)— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; and 
(3) by inserting after clause (iii) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(iv) any position established as a qualified 
position in the excepted service by the Secretary of Defense under section 1599f of title 10;’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 81 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1105, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘1599f. United States Cyber Command recruit-
ment and retention.’’. 
SEC. 1108. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY 
TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIM-ITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CI-VILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVER-SEAS. 
Effective January 1, 2016, section 1101(a) of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amend-ed by section 1101 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2016’’. 
SEC. 1109. PILOT PROGRAM ON DYNAMIC SHAP-
ING OF THE WORKFORCE TO IM-PROVE THE TECHNICAL SKILLS AND EXPERTISE AT CERTAIN DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to utilize the authorities specified in subsection (b) at the Department of Defense laboratories specified in subsection (c) to provide the direc-tors of such laboratories the authority to dy-namically shape the mix of technical skills and expertise in the workforces of such laboratories in order to achieve one or more of the following: 
(1) To meet organizational and Department- 
designated missions in the most cost-effective and efficient manner. 
(2) To upgrade and enhance the scientific 
quality of the workforces of such laboratories. 
(3) To shape such workforces to better respond 
to such missions. 
(4) To reduce the average unit cost of such 
workforces. 
(b) W
ORKFORCE SHAPING AUTHORITIES .—The 
authorities that shall be available for use by the director of a Department of Defense laboratory under the pilot program are the following: 
(1) F
LEXIBLE LENGTH AND RENEWABLE TERM  
TECHNICAL APPOINTMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the provisions of 
this paragraph, authority otherwise available to the director by law (and within the available budgetary resources of the laboratory) to ap-point qualified scientific and technical per-sonnel who are not currently Department of De-fense civilian employees into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. 
(B) B
ENEFITS .—Personnel appointed under 
this paragraph shall be provided with benefits comparable to those provided to similar employ-ees at the laboratory concerned, including pro-fessional development opportunities, eligibility for all laboratory awards programs, and des-
ignation as ‘‘status applicants’’ for the purposes of eligibility for positions in the Federal service. 
(C) E
XTENSION OF APPOINTMENTS .—The ap-
pointment of any individual under this para-graph may be extended without limit in up to six year increments at any time during any term of service under such conditions as the director concerned shall establish for purposes of this paragraph. 
(D) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH CERTAIN LIMITA -
TION.—For purposes of determining the work-
force size of a laboratory in connection with compliance with section 955 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1896; 10 U.S.C. 129a note), any individual serving in an ap-pointment under this paragraph shall be treated as a fractional employee of the laboratory, which fraction is— 
(i) the current term of appointment of the in-
dividual under this paragraph; divided by 
(ii) the average length of tenure of a career 
employee at the laboratory, as calculated at the end of the last fiscal year ending before the date of the most recent appointment or extension of the individual under this paragraph. 
(2) R
EEMPLOYMENT OF ANNUITANTS .—Authori-
ties to authorize the director of any science and technology reinvention laboratory (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘STRL’’) to reemploy annu-itants in accordance with section 9902(g) of title 5, United States Code, except that as a condition for reemployment the director may authorize the deduction from the pay of any annuitant so re-employed of an amount up to the amount of the annuity otherwise payable to such annuitant allocable to the period of actual employment of such annuitant, which amount shall be deter-mined in a manner specified by the director for purposes of this paragraph to ensure the most cost effective execution of designated missions by the laboratory while retaining critical tech-nical skills. 
(3) E
ARLY RETIREMENT INCENTIVES .—Authori-
ties to authorize the director of any STRL to au-thorize voluntary early retirement of employees in accordance with section 8336 of title 5, United States Code, without regard to section 8336(d)(2)(D) or 3522 of such title, and with em-ployees so separated voluntarily from service. 
(4) S
EPARATION INCENTIVE PAY .—Authorities 
to authorize the director of any STRL to pay voluntary separation pay to employees in ac-cordance with section 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to clause (iv) or (v) of such section or section 3522 of such title, and with— 
(A) employees so separated voluntarily from 
service under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense for purposes of the pilot pro-gram; and 
(B) payments to employees so separated au-
thorized under section 3523 of such title without regard to— 
(i) the plan otherwise required by section 3522 
of such title; and 
(ii) paragraph (1) or (3) of section 3523(b) of 
such title. 
(c) L
ABORATORIES .—The Department of De-
fense laboratories specified in this subsection are the laboratories specified in section 1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2486; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
(d) E
XPIRATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority in this section 
shall expire on December 31, 2023. 
(2) C ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITIES EXERCISED  
BEFORE TERMINATION .—The expiration in para-
graph (1) shall not be construed to effect the continuation after the date specified in para-graph (1) of any term of employment or other benefit authorized under this section before that date in accordance with the terms of such au-thorization. SEC. 1110. PILOT PROGRAM ON TEMPORARY EX-
CHANGE OF FINANCIAL MANAGE-MENT AND ACQUISITION PER-SONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may carry out a pilot program to assess the fea-sibility and advisability of the temporary assign-ment of covered employees of the Department of Defense to nontraditional defense contractors and of covered employees of such contractors to the Department. 
(b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEES ; N ONTRADITIONAL  
DEFENSE CONTRACTORS .— 
(1) C OVERED EMPLOYEES .—An employee of the 
Department of Defense or a nontraditional De-fense contractor is a covered employee for pur-poses of this section if the employee— 
(A) works in the field of financial manage-
ment or in the acquisition field; 
(B) is considered by the Secretary of Defense 
to be an exceptional employee; and 
(C) is compensated at not less than the GS–11 
level (or the equivalent). 
(2) N
ONTRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRACTORS .— 
For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘nontradi-tional defense contractor’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
(c) A
GREEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide for a written agreement among the Department of Defense, the nontraditional de-fense contractor concerned, and the employee concerned regarding the terms and conditions of the employee’s assignment under this section. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—An agreement under this sub-
section— 
(A) shall require, in the case of an employee 
of the Department, that upon completion of the assignment, the employee will serve in the civil service for a period at least equal to three times the length of the assignment, unless the em-ployee is sooner involuntarily separated from the service of the employee’s agency; and 
(B) shall provide that if the employee of the 
Department or of the contractor (as the case may be) fails to carry out the agreement, or if the employee is voluntarily separated from the service of the employee’s agency before the end of the period stated in the agreement, the em-ployee shall be liable to the United States for payment of all expenses of the assignment un-less that failure or voluntary separation was for good and sufficient reason, as determined by the Secretary. 
(3) D
EBT TO THE UNITED STATES .—An amount 
for which an employee is liable under paragraph (2)(B) shall be treated as a debt due the United States. The Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, collection of such a debt based on a deter-mination that the collection would be against equity and good conscience and not in the best interests of the United States. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .—An assignment under this 
section may, at any time and for any reason, be terminated by the Department of Defense or the nontraditional defense contractor concerned. 
(e) D
URATION .—An assignment under this sec-
tion shall be for a period of not less than three months and not more than one year. 
(f) S
TATUS OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES ASSIGNED  
TOCONTRACTORS .—An employee of the Depart-
ment of Defense who is assigned to a nontradi-tional defense contractor under this section shall be considered, during the period of assign-ment, to be on detail to a regular work assign-ment in the Department for all purposes. The written agreement established under subsection (c) shall address the specific terms and condi-tions related to the employee’s continued status as a Federal employee. 
(g) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PRIVATE SEC-
TOREMPLOYEES .—An employee of a nontradi-
tional defense contractor who is assigned to a Department of Defense organization under this section— 
(1) shall continue to receive pay and benefits 
from the contractor from which such employee is assigned; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6422 September 29, 2015 
(2) shall be deemed to be an employee of the 
Department of Defense for the purposes of— 
(A) chapter 73 of title 5, United States Code; (B) sections 201, 203, 205, 207, 208, 209, 603, 
606, 607, 643, 654, 1905, and 1913 of title 18, United States Code, and any other conflict of interest statute; 
(C) sections 1343, 1344, and 1349(b) of title 31, 
United States Code; 
(D) chapter 171 and section 1346(b) of title 28, 
United States Code (popularly known as the Federal Tort Claims Act), and any other Federal tort liability statute; 
(E) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 
U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.); 
(F) chapter 21 of title 41, United States Code; 
and 
(G) subchapter I of chapter 81 of title 5, 
United States Code, relating to compensation for work-related injuries; and 
(3) may not have access, while the employee is 
assigned to a Department organization, to any trade secrets or to any other nonpublic informa-tion which is of commercial value to the con-tractor from which such employee is assigned. 
(h) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST CHARGING CERTAIN  
COSTS TO FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—A nontradi-
tional defense contractor may not charge the Department of Defense or any other agency of the Federal Government, as direct or indirect costs under a Federal contract, the costs of pay or benefits paid by the contractor to an em-ployee assigned to a Department organization under this section for the period of the assign-ment. 
(i) C
ONSIDERATION .—In providing for assign-
ments of employees under this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall take into consideration the question of how assignments might best be used to help meet the needs of the Department of Defense with respect to the training of em-ployees in financial management or in acquisi-tion. 
(j) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .— 
(1) D EPARTMENT EMPLOYEES .—The number of 
employees of the Department of Defense who may be assigned to nontraditional defense con-tractors under this section at any given time may not exceed the following: 
(A) Five employees in the field of financial 
management. 
(B) Five employees in the acquisition field. (2) N
ONTRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRACTOR  
EMPLOYEES .—The total number of nontradi-
tional defense contractor employees who may be assigned to the Department under this section at any given time may not exceed 10 such employ-ees. 
(k) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY FOR ASSIGN -
MENTS .—No assignment of an employee may 
commence under this section after September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 1111. PILOT PROGRAM ON ENHANCED PAY 
AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN ACQUISI-TION AND TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using the pay authority specified in subsection (d) to fix the rate of basic pay for positions described in subsection (c) in order to assist the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military de-partments in attracting and retaining high- quality acquisition and technology experts in positions responsible for managing and devel-oping complex, high-cost, technological acquisi-tion efforts of the Department of Defense. 
(b) A
PPROVAL REQUIRED .—The pilot program 
may be carried out only with approval as fol-lows: 
(1) Approval of the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, in the case of positions in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. 
(2) Approval of the Service Acquisition Execu-
tive of the military department concerned, in the case of positions in a military department. (c) P
OSITIONS .—The positions described in this 
subsection are positions that— 
(1) require expertise of an extremely high level 
in a scientific, technical, professional, or acqui-sition management field; and 
(2) are critical to the successful accomplish-
ment of an important acquisition or technology development mission. 
(d) R
ATE OF BASIC PAY.—The pay authority 
specified in this subsection is authority as fol-lows: 
(1) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for 
a position at a rate not to exceed 150 percent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics or the Service Acqui-sition Executive concerned, as applicable. 
(2) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for 
a position at a rate in excess of 150 percent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval of the Secretary of Defense. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority in subsection 
(a) may be used only to the extent necessary to competitively recruit or retain individuals excep-tionally well qualified for positions described in subsection (c). 
(2) N
UMBER OF POSITIONS .—The authority in 
subsection (a) may not be used with respect to more than five positions in the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense and more than five positions in each military department at any one time. 
(3) T
ERM OF POSITIONS .—The authority in 
subsection (a) may be used only for positions having terms less than five years. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to fix rates of 
basic pay for a position under this section shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
(2) C
ONTINUATION OF PAY .—Nothing in para-
graph (1) shall be construed to prohibit the pay-ment after October 1, 2020, of basic pay at rates fixed under this section before that date for po-sitions whose terms continue after that date. 
SEC. 1112. PILOT PROGRAM ON DIRECT HIRE AU-
THORITY FOR VETERAN TECHNICAL EXPERTS INTO THE DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-
fense may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of appointing qualified veteran candidates to positions de-scribed in subsection (b) in the defense acquisi-tion workforce of the military departments with-out regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program in each military department through the service acquisition executive of such military depart-ment. 
(b) P
OSITIONS .—The positions described in this 
subsection are scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics positions, including techni-cians, within the defense acquisition workforce. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Authority under subsection 
(a) may not, in any calendar year and with re-spect to any military department, be exercised with respect to a number of candidates greater than the number equal to 1 percent of the total number of positions in the acquisition workforce of that military department that are filled as of the close of the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to appoint 
candidates to positions under the pilot program shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPOINTMENTS .—The 
termination by paragraph (1) of the authority in subsection (a) shall not affect any appointment 
made under that authority before the termi-nation date specified in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SEC. 1113. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR TECH-
NICAL EXPERTS INTO THE DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Each Secretary of a military 
department may appoint qualified candidates possessing a scientific or engineering degree to positions described in subsection (b) for that military department without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Positions described in 
this subsection are scientific and engineering positions within the defense acquisition work-force. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Authority under this section 
may not, in any calendar year and with respect to any military department, be exercised with respect to a number of candidates greater than the number equal to 5 percent of the total num-ber of scientific and engineering positions with-in the acquisition workforce of that military de-partment that are filled as of the close of the fis-cal year last ending before the start of such cal-endar year. 
(d) N
ATURE OF APPOINTMENT .—Any appoint-
ment under this section shall be treated as an appointment on a full-time equivalent basis, un-less such appointment is made on a term or tem-porary basis. 
(e) E
MPLOYEE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to make ap-
pointments under this section shall not be avail-able after December 31, 2020. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
Sec. 1201. One-year extension of logistical sup-
port for coalition forces sup-porting certain United States mili-tary operations. 
Sec. 1202. Strategic framework for Department 
of Defense security cooperation. 
Sec. 1203. Redesignation, modification, and ex-
tension of National Guard State Partnership Program. 
Sec. 1204. Extension of authority for non-recip-
rocal exchanges of defense per-sonnel between the United States and foreign countries. 
Sec. 1205. Monitoring and evaluation of over-
seas humanitarian, disaster, and civic aid programs of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
Sec. 1206. One-year extension of funding limita-
tions for authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. 
Sec. 1207. Authority to provide support to na-
tional military forces of allied countries for counterterrorism op-erations in Africa. 
Sec. 1208. Reports on training of foreign mili-
tary intelligence units provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1209. Prohibition on security assistance to 
entities in Yemen controlled by the Houthi movement. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
Sec. 1211. Extension and modification of Com-
manders’ Emergency Response Program. 
Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-
thority for reimbursement of cer-tain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. 
Sec. 1213. Additional matter in semiannual re-
port on enhancing security and stability in Afghanistan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6423 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 1214. Extension of authority to acquire 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1215. Extension of authority to transfer de-
fense articles and provide defense services to the military and secu-rity forces of Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1216. Modification of protection for Afghan 
allies. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and Iraq 
Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to support op-
erations and activities of the Of-fice of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
Sec. 1222. Strategy for the Middle East and to 
counter violent extremism. 
Sec. 1223. Modification of authority to provide 
assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
Sec. 1224. Reports on United States Armed 
Forces deployed in support of Op-eration Inherent Resolve. 
Sec. 1225. Matters relating to support for the 
vetted Syrian opposition. 
Sec. 1226. Support to the Government of Jordan 
and the Government of Lebanon for border security operations. 
Sec. 1227. Sense of Congress on the security and 
protection of Iranian dissidents living in Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Iran 
Sec. 1231. Modification and extension of annual 
report on the military power of Iran. 
Sec. 1232. Sense of Congress on the Government 
of Iran’s malign activities. 
Sec. 1233. Report on military-to-military en-
gagements with Iran. 
Sec. 1234. Security guarantees to countries in 
the Middle East. 
Sec. 1235. Rule of construction. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
Sec. 1241. Notifications relating to testing, pro-
duction, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or non- state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1242. Notifications of deployment of nu-
clear weapons by Russian Federa-tion to territory of Ukrainian Re-public or Russian territory of Kaliningrad. 
Sec. 1243. Measures in response to non-compli-
ance by the Russian Federation with its obligations under the INF Treaty. 
Sec. 1244. Modification of notification and as-
sessment of proposal to modify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Russian Federa-tion under the Open Skies Treaty. 
Sec. 1245. Prohibition on availability of funds 
relating to sovereignty of the Rus-sian Federation over Crimea. 
Sec. 1246. Limitation on military cooperation 
between the United States and the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1247. Report on implementation of the New 
START Treaty. 
Sec. 1248. Additional matters in annual report 
on military and security develop-ments involving the Russian Fed-eration. 
Sec. 1249. Report on alternative capabilities to 
procure and sustain nonstandard rotary wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
Sec. 1250. Ukraine Security Assistance Initia-
tive. 
Sec. 1251. Training for Eastern European na-
tional military forces in the course of multilateral exercises. Subtitle F—Matters Relating to the Asia-Pacific 
Region 
Sec. 1261. Strategy to promote United States in-
terests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
Sec. 1262. Requirement to submit Department of 
Defense policy regarding foreign disclosure or technology release of Aegis Ashore capability to Japan. 
Sec. 1263. South China Sea Initiative. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1271. Two-year extension and modification 
of authorization for non-conven-tional assisted recovery capabili-ties. 
Sec. 1272. Amendment to the annual report 
under Arms Control and Disar-mament Act. 
Sec. 1273. Extension of authorization to con-
duct activities to enhance the ca-pability of foreign countries to re-spond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction. 
Sec. 1274. Modification of authority for support 
of special operations to combat terrorism. 
Sec. 1275. Limitation on availability of funds to 
implement the Arms Trade Treaty. 
Sec. 1276. Report on the security relationship 
between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
Sec. 1277. Sense of Congress on European de-
fense and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
Sec. 1278. Briefing on the sale of certain fighter 
aircraft to Qatar. 
Sec. 1279. United States-Israel anti-tunnel co-
operation. 
Sec. 1280. NATO Special Operations Head-
quarters. 
Sec. 1281. Increased presence of United States 
ground forces in Eastern Europe to deter aggression on the border of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization. 
Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF LOGISTICAL 
SUPPORT FOR COALITION FORCES SUPPORTING CERTAIN UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
Section 1234 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 394), as most recently amended by section 1223(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3548), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘during the 
period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2016’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘December 
31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 1202. STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE SECURITY CO-OPERATION. 
(a) S TRATEGIC FRAMEWORK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in 
consultation with the Secretary of State, shall develop and issue to the Department of Defense a strategic framework for Department of De-fense security cooperation to guide prioritization of resources and activities. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategic framework re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) Discussion of the strategic goals of De-
partment of Defense security cooperation pro-grams, overall and by combatant command, and the extent to which these programs— 
(i) support broader strategic priorities of the 
Department of Defense; and 
(ii) complement and are coordinated with De-
partment of State security assistance programs to achieve United States Government goals glob-
ally, regionally, and, if appropriate, within spe-cific programs. 
(B) Identification of the primary objectives, 
priorities, and desired end-states of Department of Defense security cooperation programs. 
(C) Identification of challenges to achieving 
the primary objectives, priorities, and desired end-states identified under subparagraph (B), including— 
(i) constraints on Department of Defense re-
sources, authorities, and personnel; 
(ii) partner nation variables and conditions, 
such as political will, absorptive capacity, cor-ruption, and instability risk, that impact the likelihood of a security cooperation program achieving its primary objectives, priorities, and desired end-states; 
(iii) constraints or limitations due to bureau-
cratic impediments, interagency processes, or congressional requirements; 
(iv) validation of requirements; and (v) assessment, monitoring, and evaluation. (D) A methodology for assessing the effective-
ness of Department of Defense security coopera-tion programs in making progress toward achieving the primary objectives, priorities, and desired end-states identified under subpara-graph (B), including an identification of key benchmarks for such progress. 
(E) Any other matters the Secretary of De-
fense determines appropriate. 
(3) F
REQUENCY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, at a minimum, update the strategic frame-work required by paragraph (1) on a biennial basis and shall update or supplement the stra-tegic framework as appropriate to address emerging priorities. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a biennial basis thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the strategic framework required by subsection (a). 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(3) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(c) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be ef-
fective on the date that is 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1203. REDESIGNATION, MODIFICATION, AND 
EXTENSION OF NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The heading of section 
1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1205. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STATE 
PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM.’’. 
(b) S COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of 
such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a program 
of exchanges’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a program of activities described in paragraph (2), to support the security cooperation objec-tives of the United States, between members of the National Guard of a State or territory and any of the following: 
‘‘(A) The military forces of a foreign country. ‘‘(B) The security forces of a foreign country. ‘‘(C) Governmental organizations of a foreign 
country whose primary functions include dis-aster response or emergency response.’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) S
TATE PARTNERSHIP .—Each program es-
tablished under this subsection shall be known as a ‘State Partnership’.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6424 September 29, 2015 
(c) L IMITATION .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended by striking ‘‘activity under a program’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State or territory,’’ and inserting ‘‘activity with forces referred to in subsection (a)(1)(B) or organiza-tions described in subsection (a)(1)(C) under a program established under subsection (a)’’. 
(d) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) through 
(g) as subsections (d) through (h), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—The Chief 
of the National Guard Bureau shall designate a director for each State and territory to be re-sponsible for the coordination of activities under a program established under subsection (a) for such State or territory and reporting on activi-ties under the program.’’. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Paragraph (2)(B) of 
subsection (f) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (d)(1) of this section, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or other gov-
ernment organizations’’ after ‘‘and security forces’’; 
(2) in clause (iv), by adding before the period 
at the the following: ‘‘and country’’; 
(3) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘activities’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) An assessment of the extent to which the 
activities conducted during the previous year met the objectives described in clause (v).’’. 
(f) S
TATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM FUND.— 
(1) A SSESSMENT OF ESTABLISHMENT OF FUND .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Under Secretary of De-fense for Policy and the Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller) shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report set-ting forth a joint assessment of the feasibility and advisability of establishing a central fund to manage funds for programs and activities under the Department of Defense State Partner-ship Program under section 1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, as amended by this section. 
(2) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR LEGISLATIVE AC -
TION.—If the report under paragraph (1) con-
cludes that the establishment of a fund as de-scribed in that paragraph is feasible and advis-able, the Secretary of Defense shall include with the materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2017 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a recommendation for such legisla-tion as the Secretary considers appropriate to establish the fund. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraph 
(2)(A) of subsection (f) of such section, as redes-ignated by subsection (d)(1) of this section, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘a program’’ and inserting 
‘‘each program’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘the program’’ and inserting 
‘‘such program’’. 
(h) R
ECIPIENTS OF REPORTS AND NOTIFICA -
TIONS .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (h) of such 
section, as redesignated by subsection (d)(1) of this section, is amended by striking subpara-graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs (A) and (B): 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives.’’. 
(i) F
IVE-YEAR EXTENSION .—Subsection (i) of 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. SEC. 1204. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR NON- 
RECIPROCAL EXCHANGES OF DE-FENSE PERSONNEL BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1207(f) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2514; 10 U.S.C. 168 note), as amended by section 1202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1980), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1205. MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DIS-ASTER, AND CIVIC AID PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act for Overseas Hu-manitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid, the Sec-retary of Defense is authorized to use up to 5 percent of such amounts to conduct monitoring and evaluation of programs that are funded using such amounts during fiscal year 2016. 
(b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on mecha-nisms to evaluate the programs conducted pur-suant to the authorities listed in subsection (a). 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1206. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF FUNDING 
LIMITATIONS FOR AUTHORITY TO BUILD THE CAPACITY OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES. 
Section 1205(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3536) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘section 4301’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for fiscal year 2015 or 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, in such fiscal year’’ before 
the period; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year speci-fied in that paragraph’’. 
SEC. 1207. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT TO 
NATIONAL MILITARY FORCES OF AL-LIED COUNTRIES FOR COUNTERTER-RORISM OPERATIONS IN AFRICA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense is 
authorized, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide, on a nonreimbursable basis, logistic support, supplies, and services to the na-tional military forces of an allied country con-ducting counterterrorism operations in Africa if the Secretary of Defense determines that the provision of such logistic support, supplies, and services, on a nonreimbursable basis, is— 
(1) in the national security interests of the 
United States; and 
(2) critical to the timely and effective partici-
pation of such national military forces in such operations. 
(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON SUPPORT PRO-
VIDED .—Not later than 15 days after providing 
logistic support, supplies, or services under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a notice setting forth the following: 
(1) The determination of the Secretary speci-
fied in subsection (a). 
(2) The type of logistic support, supplies, or 
services provided. 
(3) The national military forces supported. (4) The purpose of the operations for which 
such support was provided, and the objectives of such support. 
(5) The estimated cost of such support. (6) The intended duration of such support. 
(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not use the authority in subsection (a) to provide any type of support that is otherwise prohibited by any other provision of law. 
(2) A
MOUNT .—The aggregate amount of logis-
tic support, supplies, and services provided under subsection (a) in any fiscal year may not exceed $100,000,000. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than six months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter through the expiration date in subsection (f) of the authority provided by this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a description of the use of the authority provided by this section during the six-month period ending on the date of such report. Each report shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the extent to which the 
support provided under this section during the period covered by such report facilitated the na-tional military forces of allied countries so sup-ported in conducting counterterrorism oper-ations in Africa. 
(2) A description of any efforts by countries 
that received such support to address, as prac-ticable, the requirements of their forces for logis-tics support, supplies, or services for conducting counterterrorism operations in Africa, including under acquisition and cross-servicing agree-ments. 
(e) L
OGISTIC SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , AND SERV-
ICESDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘logis-
tic support, supplies, and services’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2350(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
(f) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by 
this section may not be exercised after Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
SEC. 1208. REPORTS ON TRAINING OF FOREIGN 
MILITARY INTELLIGENCE UNITS PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after each calendar half-year beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending with the second calendar half-year of 2017, the Under Secretary of Defense for In-telligence shall submit to the Committees of Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the fol-lowing: 
(1) All the training of foreign military intel-
ligence units provided by the Department during the calendar half-year covered by such report. 
(2) The authority or authorities under which 
the training described in paragraph (1) was pro-vided. 
(b) F
ORM.—Each report under subsection (a) 
should be submitted in classified form. 
SEC. 1209. PROHIBITION ON SECURITY ASSIST-
ANCE TO ENTITIES IN YEMEN CON-TROLLED BY THE HOUTHI MOVE-MENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Defense by this Act may be used to provide security assistance to an entity in Yemen that is controlled by members of the Houthi movement. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense determines, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, that the provision of security assistance as described in that subsection is im-portant to the national security interests of the United States. 
(2) N
OTICE AND WAIT .—If security assistance 
as described in subsection (a) is provided pursu-ant to an exception under paragraph (1), not later than 15 days before such assistance is so provided, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State shall jointly submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a notice on the provision of such assistance, together with an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6425 September 29, 2015 
assessment by the Director of National Intel-
ligence on whether any entity controlled by members of the Houthi movement to be provided such assistance is also receiving direct assist-ance from the Government of Iran. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
COMMANDERS’ EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE PROGRAM. 
(a) O NE-YEAR EXTENSION .—Section 1201 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3546), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ in subsections (a), (b), and (f) and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION ON AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .— 
Subsection (e) of such section 1201, as so amend-ed, is further amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL OF REVISED GUIDANCE .—Not 
later than 15 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the guidance issued by the Secretary to the Armed Forces concerning the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program in Afghanistan as revised to take into account the amendments made by this section. 
(d) A
UTHORITY FOR CERTAIN PAYMENTS TO 
REDRESS INJURY AND LOSS IN IRAQ.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016, 
amounts available pursuant to section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012, as amended by this section, shall also be available for ex gratia payments for damage, personal injury, or death that is inci-dent to combat operations of the Armed Forces in Iraq. 
(2) N
OTICE AND WAIT .—The authority in this 
subsection may not be used until 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense sub-mits to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: 
(A) The amount that will be used for pay-
ments pursuant to this subsection. 
(B) The manner in which claims for payments 
shall be verified. 
(C) The officers or officials who shall be au-
thorized to approve claims for payments. 
(D) The manner in which payments shall be 
made. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE .—The 
total amount of payments made pursuant to this subsection in fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $5,000,000. 
(4) A
UTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO PAYMENT .— 
Any payment made pursuant to this subsection shall be made in accordance with the authorities and limitations in section 8121 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 (divi-sion C of Public Law 113–235), other than sub-section (h) of such section. 
(5) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH RESTRICTION ON  
AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—For purposes of the ap-
plication of subsection (e) of such section 1201, as so amended, to any payment pursuant to this subsection, such payment shall be deemed to be a project described by such subsection (e). SEC. 1212. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3547), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS AVAILABLE .— 
Subsection (d)(1) of such section, as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $1,260,000,000’’; and 
(2) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $900,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT RE-
LATING TO REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR  
SUPPORT PROVIDED BY PAKISTAN .—Section 
1232(b)(6) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3548), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
(d) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Section 1227(d)(1) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2001), as most re-cently amended by section 1222(e) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3548), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Of the total amount of reimburse-
ments and support authorized for Pakistan dur-ing fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the third sen-tence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (as amended by subsection (b)(2)), $350,000,000 shall not be eligible for the waiver under section 1227(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that— 
(1) Pakistan continues to conduct military op-
erations in North Waziristan that are contrib-uting to significantly disrupting the safe haven and freedom of movement of the Haqqani Net-work in Pakistan; 
(2) Pakistan has taken steps to demonstrate 
its commitment to prevent the Haqqani Network from using North Waziristan as a safe haven; and 
(3) the Government of Pakistan actively co-
ordinates with the Government of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants, such as the Haqqani Network, along the Afghanistan- Pakistan border. 
(f) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS FOR STA-
BILITY ACTIVITIES IN FATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the total 
amount of reimbursements and support author-ized for Pakistan during fiscal year 2016 pursu-ant to the third sentence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (as so amended), of the total amount of funds made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for overseas contingency operations for operation and main-tenance, Defense-wide activities, $100,000,000 may be available for stability activities under-taken by Pakistan in the Federally Adminis-tered Tribal Areas (FATA), including the provi-
sion of funds to the Pakistan military and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for activities undertaken in support of the fol-lowing: 
(A) Building and maintaining border outposts. (B) Strengthening cooperative efforts between 
the Pakistan military and the Afghan National Defense Security Forces in activities that in-clude— 
(i) bilateral meetings to enhance border secu-
rity coordination; 
(ii) sustaining critical infrastructure within 
the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, such as maintaining key ground lines of communica-tion; 
(iii) increasing training for the Pakistan 
Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; and 
(iv) training to improve interoperability be-
tween the Pakistan military and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkwha. 
(2) L
IMITATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Funds available under 
paragraph (1) may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the condi-tions described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 1227(d)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001), as amended by subsection (d), have been met. 
(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the limitation in subparagraph (A) if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees in writing that the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States and includes with such certification a justifica-tion for the waiver. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the expenditure of funds available under paragraph (1), including a description of the following: 
(A) The purpose for which such funds were 
expended. 
(B) Each organization on whose behalf such 
funds were expended, including the amount ex-pended on such organization and the number of members of such organization trained with such amount. 
(C) Any limitation imposed on the expenditure 
of funds under that paragraph, including on any recipient of funds or any use of funds ex-pended. 
(4) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 1233(g) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008. 
SEC. 1213. ADDITIONAL MATTER IN SEMIANNUAL 
REPORT ON ENHANCING SECURITY AND STABILITY IN AFGHANISTAN. 
Section 1225(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3550) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) A
SSESSMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH  
DRAWDOWN OF UNITED STATES FORCES .—An as-
sessment of the risks to the mission in Afghani-stan associated with any drawdown of United States forces that occurred during the period covered by such report.’’. 
SEC. 1214. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO AC-
QUIRE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRODUCED IN COUNTRIES ALONG A MAJOR ROUTE OF SUPPLY TO AF-GHANISTAN. 
Section 801(f) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399), as most recently amended by section 832(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 814), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6426 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 1215. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-
FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as amended by section 1231 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3556), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (f)(1) of 
such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2017’’. 
(c) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection 
(i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘, 2015, and 2016’’. 
SEC. 1216. MODIFICATION OF PROTECTION FOR 
AFGHAN ALLIES. 
(a) C OVERED AFGHANS .— 
(1) T ERM OF EMPLOYMENT .—Clause (ii) of sec-
tion 602(b)(2)(A) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘year—’’ and inserting ‘‘year, or, if submitting a petition after September 30, 2015, for a period of not less than 2 years—’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S UCCESSOR NAME FOR INTERNATIONAL SE -
CURITY ASSISTANCE FORCE .—Subclause (II) of 
section 602(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Afghan Allies Pro-tection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amend-ed— 
(i) in the matter preceding item (aa), by strik-
ing ‘‘Force’’ and inserting ‘‘Force (or any suc-cessor name for such Force)’’; 
(ii) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘Force,’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force),’’; and 
(iii) in item (bb), by striking ‘‘Force;’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force);’’. 
(B) S
HORT TITLE .—Section 601 of the Afghan 
Allies Protection Act of 2009 is amended by striking ‘‘This Act’’ and inserting ‘‘This title’’. 
(C) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY REFERENCE .—Section 
602(c)(4) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 is amended by striking ‘‘section 4 of the Of-fice of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133 of title 41, United States Code’’. 
(b) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Subparagraph 
(F) of section 602(b)(3) of the Afghan Allies Pro-tection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘2015 AND 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, 2016, AND 2017’’; 
(2) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘and ending on September 30, 
2016’’, and inserting ‘‘until such time that avail-able special immigrant visas under subpara-graphs (D) and (E) and this subparagraph are exhausted,’’ and 
(B) by striking ‘‘4,000.’’ and inserting 
‘‘7,000.’’; 
(3) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 
2015;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’; 
(4) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘December 31, 
2015;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’; and 
(5) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2017.’’ and inserting ‘‘the date such visas are ex-hausted.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Sec-
tion 602(b) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(15) R
EPORTS INFORMING THE CONCLUSION OF  
THE AFGHAN SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PRO -
GRAM .—Not later than June 1, 2016, and every 
six months thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-
resentatives a report that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the United States force 
presence in Afghanistan during the previous 6 months; 
‘‘(B) a description of the projected United 
States force presence in Afghanistan; 
‘‘(C) the number of citizens or nationals of Af-
ghanistan who were employed by or on behalf of the entities described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) during the previous 6 months; and 
‘‘(D) the projected number of such citizens or 
nationals who will be employed by or on behalf of such entities. 
‘‘(16) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the necessity of providing special immigrant status under this subsection should be assessed at regular intervals by the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, taking into account the scope of the current and planned presence of United States troops in Afghanistan, the current and prospective numbers of citizens and nationals of Afghanistan employed by or on behalf of the en-tities described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), and the security climate in Afghanistan.’’. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and 
Iraq 
SEC. 1221. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT OPERATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF SECURITY CO-OPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) A
MOUNT AVAILABLE .—Such section is fur-
ther amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $80,000,000.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(c) S
UPERSEDING REPORT REQUIREMENTS .— 
Subsection (g) of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 
30, 2015, and every 180 days thereafter until the authority in this section expires, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-
section shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A current description of capability gaps 
in the security forces of Iraq, including capa-bility gaps relating to intelligence matters, pro-tection of Iraq airspace, and logistics and main-tenance, and a current description of the extent, if any, to which the Government of Iraq has re-quested assistance in addressing such capability gaps. 
‘‘(B) A current description of the activities of 
the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and the extent, if any, to which the programs con-ducted by the Office in conjunction with other United States programs (such as the Foreign Military Financing program, the Foreign Mili-tary Sales program, and the assistance provided pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291)) will address the capability gaps described pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) A current description of how the activi-
ties of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq are coordinated with, and complement and en-hance, the assistance provided pursuant to sec-tion 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
‘‘(D) A current description of end use moni-
toring programs, and any other programs or procedures, used to improve accountability for 
equipment provided to the Government of Iraq. 
‘‘(E) A current description of the measures of 
effectiveness used to evaluate the activities of the Office of the Security Cooperation in Iraq, and an analysis of any determinations to ex-pand, alter, or terminate specific activities of the Office based on such evaluations. 
‘‘(F) A current evaluation of the effectiveness 
of the training described in subsection (f)(2) in promoting respect for human rights, military professionalism, and respect for legitimate civil-ian authority in Iraq. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives.’’. 
SEC. 1222. STRATEGY FOR THE MIDDLE EAST AND 
TO COUNTER VIOLENT EXTREMISM. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-
ruary 15, 2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a strategy for the Middle East and to counter violent extre-mism. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the objectives and end 
state for the United States in the Middle East and with respect to violent extremism. 
(2) A description of the roles and responsibil-
ities of the Department of State in the strategy. 
(3) A description of the roles and responsibil-
ities of the Department of Defense in the strat-egy. 
(4) A description of actions to prevent the 
weakening and failing of states in the Middle East. 
(5) A description of actions to counter violent 
extremism. 
(6) A description of the resources required by 
the Department of Defense to counter ISIL’s il-licit oil revenues. 
(7) A list of the state and non-state actors that 
must be engaged to counter violent extremism. 
(8) A description of the coalition required to 
carry out the strategy, and the expected lines of effort of such a coalition. 
(9) An assessment of United States efforts to 
disrupt and prevent foreign fighters traveling to Syria and Iraq and to disrupt and prevent for-eign fighters in Syria and Iraq traveling to the United States. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In the section, the term ‘‘appropriate 
committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1223. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the 
Congress that— 
(1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant 
(ISIL) poses an acute threat to the people and territorial integrity of Iraq, including the Iraqi Kurdistan Region, Iraqi Sunni communities, and Iraq’s religious and ethnic minorities, and to the security and stability of the Middle East and beyond the region; 
(2) defeating ISIL is critical to maintaining a 
unified Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are afforded equal protection and full integration into the Government and society of Iraq; and 
(3) the United States should, in coordination 
with coalition partners, provide, in an expedi-tious and responsive manner and without undue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6427 September 29, 2015 
delay, the military and other security forces of 
or associated with the Government of Iraq, in-cluding Kurdish and tribal security forces and other local security forces, with a national secu-rity mission, with defense articles, defense serv-ices, and related training to more effectively partner with the United States and other inter-national coalition members to defeat ISIL. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY PROGRESS REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 1236 
of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) A list of the forces or elements of forces 
that are restricted from receiving assistance under subsection (a), other than the forces or elements of forces with respect to which the Sec-retary of Defense has exercised the waiver au-thority under subsection (j), as a result of vet-ting required by subsection (e) or section 2249e of title 10, United States Code, and a detailed description of the reasons for such restriction, including for each force or element, as applica-ble, the following: 
‘‘(A) Information relating to gross violation of 
human rights committed by such force or ele-ment, including the time-frame of the alleged violation. 
‘‘(B) The source of the information described 
in subparagraph (A) and an assessment of the veracity of the information. 
‘‘(C) The association of such force or element 
with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran. 
‘‘(D) The amount and type of any assistance 
provided to such force or element by the Govern-ment of Iran.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to reports required to be submitted pur-suant to subsection (d) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as so amended, on or after such date of enactment. 
(c) F
UNDING .—Subsection (g) of such section is 
amended by striking the first sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘Of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 for Over-seas Contingency Operations in title XV for fis-cal year 2016, there are authorized to be appro-priated $715,000,000 to carry out this section.’’.’’. 
(d) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—Subsection (j) of 
such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking by 
striking ‘‘Sections 40 and 40A’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 40A’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL WAIVER AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of the provi-
sion of assistance described in subsection (l)(2), the Secretary of Defense may waive any provi-sion of law described in clause (ii) if the Sec-retary satisfies the requirements described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) with re-spect to such waiver. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROVISIONS OF LAW .—The provisions of 
law described in this clause are the following: 
‘‘(I) Any provision of law described in sub-
paragraph (B). 
‘‘(II) Any eligibility requirement under section 
3 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2753). 
‘‘(III) Any eligibility requirement under chap-
ter 2 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2311 et seq.).’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘For pur-
poses’’ and all that follows through ‘‘described in paragraph (1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Presi-dent may waive any provision of law other than a provision of law described in paragraph (1)(B) for purposes of the provision of assistance pur-
suant to subsection (a) and any provision of law other than a provision of law described in sub-section (1)(C) for purposes of the provision of assistance described in subsection (l)(2)’’. 
(e) A
SSESSMENT AND AUTHORITY TO ASSIST DI-
RECTLY CERTAIN COVERED GROUPS .—Such sec-
tion, as so amended, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) A
SSESSMENT AND AUTHORITY TO ASSIST 
DIRECTLY CERTAIN COVERED GROUPS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the extent to which the Government of Iraq is in-creasing political inclusiveness, addressing the grievances of ethnic and sectarian minorities, and enhancing minority integration in the polit-ical and military structures in Iraq. 
‘‘(B) F
ACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED IN MAKING  
ASSESSMENT .—In making the assessment de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall con-sider the following factors: 
‘‘(i) The extent to which the Government of 
Iraq is taking steps to reduce support among the Iraqi people for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and improve stability in Iraq. 
‘‘(ii) The progress of efforts to enact legisla-
tion establishing the Iraqi National Guard, par-ticularly in predominantly Sunni regions. 
‘‘(iii) The extent to which the Government of 
Iraq is expanding the representation of minori-ties in adequate numbers in government security organizations and providing for the training and equipping of such forces. 
‘‘(iv) Whether the Government of Iraq is end-
ing support for Shia militias under the command and control of, or associated with, the Govern-ment of Iran, and stopping abuses of elements of the Iraqi population by such militias. 
‘‘(v) Whether the Government of Iraq is ensur-
ing that supplies, equipment, and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to security forces with a national se-curity mission in Iraq, including the Kurdish Peshmerga, Sunni tribal security forces and local security forces with a national security mission, and, once established, the Iraqi Sunni National Guard. 
‘‘(vi) Whether the Government of Iraq is ad-
dressing grievances regarding the arrest and de-tention without trial of ethnic and sectarian mi-norities or is taking steps to prosecute such indi-viduals that are detained in a fair, transparent, and prompt manner. 
‘‘(vii) Such other factors as the Secretaries 
consider appropriate. 
‘‘(C) U
PDATE .—The Secretary of Defense and 
the Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees an update of the assessment required under subparagraph (A) not later than 180 days after the date on which the assessment is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION .—The assessment required 
under subparagraph (A) and the update of the assessment authorized under subparagraph (C) may be submitted as part of the quarterly report required under subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE DIRECTLY TO CERTAIN COV -
ERED GROUPS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the President, taking 
into account the results of the assessment re-quired under paragraph (1)(A) or the update re-quired under paragraph (1)(C), determines and notifies the appropriate congressional commit-tees that the Government of Iraq has failed to take substantial action to increase political in-clusiveness, address the grievances of ethnic and sectarian minorities, and enhance minority integration in the political and military struc-tures in Iraq, the Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, is au-
thorized to provide, in coordination to the ex-tent practicable with the Government of Iraq, assistance under the authority of subsection (a) directly to the groups described in subparagraph (D) for the purpose of supporting international coalition efforts against ISIL. 
‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .—In car-
rying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense may— 
‘‘(i) re-allocate the amount of assistance au-
thorized under subsection (a) to increase the share of such assistance provided to the groups described in subparagraph (D); and 
‘‘(ii) exercise the waiver authority provided in 
subsection (j)(1)(C) with respect to providing as-sistance to the groups described in subpara-graph (D). 
‘‘(C) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT INAPPLI -
CABLE .—The cost-sharing requirement of sub-
section (k) shall not apply with respect to funds that are obligated or expended under this sub-section for assistance provided directly to the groups described in subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(D) C
OVERED GROUPS .—The groups described 
in this subparagraph are— 
‘‘(i) the Kurdish Peshmerga; and 
‘‘(ii) Sunni tribal security forces, or other 
local security forces, with a national security mission.’’. 
(f) P
ROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE AND REPORT  
ONEQUIPMENT OR SUPPLIES TRANSFERRED TO OR  
ACQUIRED BY VIOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—Assistance authorized 
under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3558), as so amended, may not be provided to the Government of Iraq after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees, after the date of the enactment of this Act, that the Government of Iraq has taken such actions as may be reasonably necessary to safeguard against such assistance being trans-ferred to or acquired by violent extremist organi-zations. 
(2) R
EPORT .— 
(A) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes any determination that equip-ment or supplies provided pursuant to section 1236(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3558), as so amended, have been transferred to or acquired by a violent extremist organization, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a description of the determination of the Secretary and the transfer to or acquisi-tion by the violent extremist organization. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under paragraph 
(1) shall include, with respect to the transfer covered by the report, the following: 
(i) An assessment of the type and quantity of 
equipment or supplies transferred to the violent extremist organization. 
(ii) A description of the criteria used to deter-
mine that the organization is a violent extremist organization. 
(iii) A description, if known, of how the 
equipment or supplies were transferred to or ac-quired by the violent extremist organization. 
(iv) If the equipment or supplies are deter-
mined to remain under the current control of the violent extremist organization, a description of the organization, including its relationship, if any, to the security forces of the Government of Iraq. 
(v) A description of the end use monitoring or 
other policies and procedures in place in order to prevent equipment or supplies to be trans-ferred to or acquired by violent extremist organi-zations. 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6428 September 29, 2015 
(A) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(i) the congressional defense committees; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(B) V
IOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘violent extremist organization’’ means an organization that— 
(i) is a foreign terrorist organization des-
ignated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or is associated with a foreign ter-rorist organization; or 
(ii) is known to be under the command and 
control of, or is associated with, the Government of Iran. 
SEC. 1224. REPORTS ON UNITED STATES ARMED 
FORCES DEPLOYED IN SUPPORT OF OPERATION INHERENT RESOLVE. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) The total number of members of the United 
States Armed Forces deployed in support of Op-eration Inherent Resolve for the most recent month for which data is available, delineated by Armed Force and component (including whether regular, National Guard, or Reserve). 
(2) An estimate for the three-month period fol-
lowing the date on which the report is submitted of the total number of members of the United States Armed Forces expected to be deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, delin-eated by Armed Force and component (including whether regular, National Guard, or Reserve). 
(3) A description of the authorities and limita-
tions on the number of United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inher-ent Resolve. 
(4) A description of military functions that are 
and are not subject to the authorities and limi-tations described in paragraph (3). 
(5) Any changes to the authorities and limita-
tions described in paragraph (3) and the ration-ale for such changes. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit re-
ports under this section shall terminate on the earlier of— 
(1) the date on which Operation Inherent Re-
solve terminates; or 
(2) the date that is five years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1225. MATTERS RELATING TO SUPPORT FOR 
THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) R EPORT ON POTENTIAL SUPPORT RE-
QUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report setting forth a description of the military support the Secretary considers necessary to provide to re-cipients of assistance under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541) upon their return to Syria to ensure their ability to meet the intended purposes of such assist-ance. 
(2) C
OVERED POTENTIAL SUPPORT .—The sup-
port the Secretary may consider necessary to provide for purposes of the report required by paragraph (1) is the following: 
(A) Logistical support. (B) Defensive supportive fire. (C) Intelligence. (D) Medical support. (E) Any other support the Secretary considers 
appropriate for purposes of the report. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) For each type of support the Secretary 
considers necessary to provide as described in paragraph (1), a description of the actions to be taken by the Secretary to ensure that such sup-port would not benefit any of the following: 
(i) The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), 
the Jabhat Al-Nusra Front, al-Qaeda, the Khorasan Group, or any other violent extremist organization 
(ii) The Syrian Arab Army or any group or or-
ganization supporting President Bashir Assad. 
(B) An estimate of the cost of providing such 
support. 
(b) S
TRATEGY FOR SYRIA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy for Syria. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the means by which as-
sistance provided to appropriately vetted ele-ments of the Syrian opposition and other appro-priately vetted Syrian groups and individuals will achieve the purposes set forth in section 1209(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
(B) A description of the political and military 
objectives and end states for Syria. 
(C) A description of means by which the as-
sistance will support the political and military objectives and end states for Syria. 
(D) An explanation of the manner in which 
the military campaign in Syria and Iraq is inte-grated. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In subsections (a) and (b), the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1209(e)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS FOR QUARTERLY  
PROGRESS REPORTS ON ASSISTANCE TO THE VET-
TEDOPPOSITION .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL MATTERS .—Subsection (d) of 
section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (11) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(12) a description of support, if any, pro-
vided to appropriately vetted recipients pursu-ant to subsection (a) while those forces are lo-cated in Syria, including— 
‘‘(A) logistics support; ‘‘(B) defense supporting fire; ‘‘(C) intelligence; and ‘‘(D) medical support; and ‘‘(13) a description of the number of appro-
priately vetted recipients located in Syria, the approximate locations in which they are oper-ating, and the number of known casualties among such recipients.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to quarterly reports submitted under subsection (d) of section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 after that date. 
(e) I
NFORMATION ACCOMPANYING REPROGRAM -
MING REQUESTS .—Subsection (f) of such section 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: ‘‘(2) I NFORMATION ACCOMPANYING RE -
PROGRAMMING REQUESTS .—Each request under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The amount, type, and purpose of assist-
ance to be funded pursuant to such request. 
‘‘(B) The budget, implementation timeline 
with milestones, and anticipated delivery sched-ule for such assistance.’’. 
SEC. 1226. SUPPORT TO THE GOVERNMENT OF 
JORDAN AND THE GOVERNMENT OF LEBANON FOR BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide support on a reimburse-ment basis to the Government of Jordan and the Government of Lebanon for purposes of sup-porting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan and the armed forces of Leb-anon to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Jordan and the bor-der of Lebanon with Syria and Iraq, as applica-ble. 
(2) F
REQUENCY .—Support may be provided 
under this subsection on a quarterly basis. 
(b) F UNDS AVAILABLE FOR SUPPORT .—The fol-
lowing amounts made be used to provide support under the authority of subsection (a): 
(1) Amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
fiscal year 2016 and available for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations pursuant to section 1233 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393). 
(2) Amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
fiscal year 2016 for the Counterterrorism Part-nerships Fund pursuant to section 1534 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3616). 
(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) L IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The total 
amount of support provided under the authority of subsection (a) may not exceed $150,000,000 for any country specified in subsection (a) in any fiscal year. 
(2) S
UPPORT TO THE GOVERNMENT OF LEB -
ANON .—Support provided under the authority of 
subsection (a) to the Government of Lebanon may be used only for the armed forces of Leb-anon, and may not be used for or to reimburse Hezbollah or any forces other than the armed forces of Lebanon. 
(3) P
ROHIBITION ON CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Defense may not enter 
into any contractual obligation to provide sup-port under the authority of subsection (a). 
(4) D
ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary 
of Defense may not provide support to a country specified in subsection (a) if the Secretary deter-mines that the government of such country fails to increase security and sustain increased secu-rity along the border of Jordan and the border of Lebanon with Syria and Iraq, as applicable. 
(d) N
OTICE BEFORE EXERCISE .—Not later than 
15 days before providing support under the au-thority of subsection (a), the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report setting forth a full descrip-tion of the support to be provided, including the amount of support to be provided, and the timeline for the provision of such support. 
(e) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .— 
In the section, the term ‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(f) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—No support 
may be provided under the authority of sub-section (a) after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 1227. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SECU-
RITY AND PROTECTION OF IRANIAN DISSIDENTS LIVING IN CAMP LIB-ERTY, IRAQ. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United 
States should— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6429 September 29, 2015 
(1) take prompt and appropriate steps in ac-
cordance with international agreements to pro-mote the physical security and protection of residents of Camp Liberty, Iraq; 
(2) urge the Government of Iraq to uphold its 
commitments to the United States to ensure the safety and well-being of those living in Camp Liberty; 
(3) urge the Government of Iraq to ensure con-
tinued and reliable access to food, clean water, medical assistance, electricity and other energy needs, and any other equipment and supplies necessary to sustain the residents during periods of attack or siege by external forces; 
(4) oppose the extradition of Camp Liberty 
residents to Iran; 
(5) assist the international community in im-
plementing a plan to provide for the safe, se-cure, and permanent relocation of Camp Liberty residents, including a detailed outline of steps that would need to be taken by recipient coun-tries, the United States, the Nations High Com-missioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the Camp residents to relocate residents to other countries; 
(6) encourage continued close cooperation be-
tween the residents of Camp Liberty and the au-thorities in the relocation process; and 
(7) assist the United Nations High Commis-
sioner for Refugees in expediting the ongoing re-settlement of all residents of Camp Liberty to safe locations outside Iraq. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Iran 
SEC. 1231. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
ANNUAL REPORT ON THE MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
(a) E LEMENT ON CYBER CAPABILITIES IN DE-
SCRIPTION OF STRATEGY .—Paragraph (1) of sub-
section (b) of section 1245 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2542) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) Iranian strategy regarding offensive 
cyber capabilities and defensive cyber capabili-ties.’’. 
(b) E
LEMENTS ON CYBER CAPABILITIES IN AS-
SESSMENTS OF UNCONVENTIONAL FORCES .—Para-
graph (3) of such subsection, as amended by sec-tion 1232(a) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 920), is further amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(F) offensive cyber capabilities and defensive 
cyber capabilities; and 
‘‘(G) Iranian ability to manipulate the infor-
mation environment both domestically and against the interests of the United States and its allies.’’. 
(c) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—Such sub-
section is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) An assessment of transfers to Iran of mili-
tary equipment, technology, and training from non-Iranian sources.’’. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .—Subsection (d) of such sec-
tion 1245, as amended by section 1277 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3592), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports required to be submitted under section 1245 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010, as so amended, after that date. SEC. 1232. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE GOVERN-
MENT OF IRAN’S MALIGN ACTIVI-TIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) Iran continues to conduct a range of ma-
lign military and intelligence activities in the re-gion and around the globe which constitute a significant threat to regional stability and the national security interests of the United States and our allies and partners; 
(2) Iran continues funding its conventional 
and unconventional military development, in-cluding its ballistic missile development pro-grams, and its acquisition of destabilizing con-ventional weapons, which requires the United States to continue to support and build the col-lective capacity of our allies and partners in the region to address threats; 
(3) the sale of advanced weaponry, including 
advance air defense systems, to the Government of Iran increases the risk of further destabilizing the region; 
(4) Iran’s malign activities, continued state 
sponsorship of terrorism, and the violation of the human rights of the Iranian people justify continued pressure by the United States; and 
(5) the United States should continue to en-
hance the region’s security architecture, build our partners’ capacity to respond to external ag-gression, increase the interoperability of our re-spective military forces, and continue to better integrate their advanced capabilities. 
SEC. 1233. REPORT ON MILITARY-TO-MILITARY 
ENGAGEMENTS WITH IRAN. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 2 years, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on— 
(1) any military-to-military engagements con-
ducted by the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilians with representatives of the military or paramilitary forces (including the IRGC Quds Force) of the Islamic Republic of Iran during the one-year period ending on the date of the submission of the report; and 
(2) any policy changes to such military-to- 
military engagements with the armed forces of Iran. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate 
congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1234. SECURITY GUARANTEES TO COUN-
TRIES IN THE MIDDLE EAST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that summarizes any agree-ment, in effect as of the date that is 15 days be-fore the date of the submittal of the report, that provides security commitments by the United States to any country in the Middle East, in-cluding the member countries of the Gulf Co-operation Council. 
(b) A
NALYSIS .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall provide the Secretary of Defense with an analysis of the United States military force structure and pos-ture required to meet any current agreement that provides security commitments in the Mid-dle East, including to member countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council. The Secretary shall include such analysis, without revision, in the report required by subsection (a), together with such additional views as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1235. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as au-
thorizing the use of force against Iran. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
SEC. 1241. NOTIFICATIONS RELATING TO TEST-
ING, PRODUCTION, DEPLOYMENT, AND SALE OR TRANSFER TO OTHER STATES OR NON-STATE ACTORS OF THE CLUB-K CRUISE MISSILE SYS-TEM BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS .—Not later than seven days 
after the Secretary determines that there is rea-sonable grounds to believe that the Russian Federation has tested, initially deployed, or sold or transferred to another state or non-state actor the Club-K cruise missile system, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a notification of such deter-mination. 
(b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PLANNING .—The 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall in-clude in military planning options for respond-ing to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation testing, deployment, or sale or trans-fer to other states or non-state actors the Club- K cruise missile system. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
LUB-K CRUISE MISSILE SYSTEM .—The term 
‘‘Club-K cruise missile system’’ means the Club- K cruise missile ‘‘container launcher’’ weapons system. 
(d) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this section 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1242. NOTIFICATIONS OF DEPLOYMENT OF 
NUCLEAR WEAPONS BY RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO TERRITORY OF UKRAINIAN REPUBLIC OR RUSSIAN TERRITORY OF KALININGRAD. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS .— 
(1) U PON DEPLOYMENT .—Not later than seven 
days after the Secretary of Defense determines that there is reasonable grounds to believe that the Russian Federation has deployed covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Republic, or has deployed covered weapons systems onto the Russian territory of Kaliningrad, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notifica-tion of such determination. 
(2) F
ORM.—A notification required under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if nec-essary. 
(b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PLANNING .—The 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall in-clude in military planning options for respond-ing to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation deploying covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Republic, or deploying covered weapons system onto the Rus-sian territory of Kaliningrad, including oppor-tunities for allied cooperation in developing such responses based on consultation with such allies. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OVERED WEAPONS SYSTEMS .—The term 
‘‘covered weapons systems’’ means weapons sys-tems that can perform both conventional and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6430 September 29, 2015 
nuclear missions, nuclear weapon delivery sys-
tems, and nuclear warheads. 
(d) S UNSET .—The provisions of this section 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1243. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO NON-COM-
PLIANCE BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION WITH ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE INF TREATY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the development and deployment of a nu-
clear ground-launched cruise missile by the Rus-sian Federation is in violation of the INF Trea-ty, and the Russian Federation should return to compliance with the INF Treaty; 
(2) the increasing role for nuclear weapons in 
the Russian Federation’s military strategy, and the continuing violation of the INF Treaty threatens the viability of the INF Treaty; 
(3) efforts taken by the President to compel 
the Russian Federation to return to compliance with the INF Treaty, including by developing military and nonmilitary options, must be per-sistent and are in the best interests of the United States, but cannot be open-ended; 
(4) not only should the Russian Federation 
end its cheating with respect to the INF Treaty, but also its illegal occupation of the sovereign territory of another nation, its plans for sta-tioning nuclear weapons on that nation’s terri-tory, and its cheating and violation of as many as eight of its 12 arms control obligations and agreements; and 
(5) there are several United States military re-
quirements that would be addressed by the de-velopment and deployment of systems currently prohibited by the INF Treaty. 
(b) N
OTIFICATIONS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION  
VIOLATIONS OF INF T REATY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of— 
(A) whether the Russian Federation has 
flight-tested, deployed, or possesses a military system that has achieved an initial operating capability that is either a ground-launched bal-listic missile or ground-launched cruise missile with a flight-tested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers; and 
(B) whether the Russian Federation has 
begun steps to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to inspec-tions and verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any missile de-scribed in subparagraph (A) will be eliminated, as required by the INF Treaty upon its entry into force. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—The notification required 
under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than 30 days after the date on which the Russian Federation meets any of the conditions described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
(3) F
ORM.—The notification required under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION OF COORDINATION WITHAL-
LIESREGARDING INF T REATY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment, and every 120-day period thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification on the status and content of updates provided to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and allies of the United States in East Asia, on the Russian Federation’s flight testing, oper-ating capability and deployment of ground launched ballistic missiles or ground-launched cruise missiles with a flight-tested range of be-tween 500 and 5,500 kilometers, including up-dates on the status and a description of efforts with such allies to develop collective responses 
(including economic and military responses) to arms control violations of the Russian Federa-tion (including violations of the INF Treaty). 
(2) F
ORM.—The notification required under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) M
ILITARY RESPONSE OPTIONS TO RUSSIAN  
FEDERATION VIOLATION OF INF T REATY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, as of the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the Russian Federation has not begun taking measures to return to full com-pliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any ground- launched ballistic missile or ground-launched cruise missile with a flight-tested range of be-tween 500 and 5,500 kilometers will be elimi-nated, the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 120 days after that date, submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a plan for the development of the following military capa-bilities: 
(A) Counterforce capabilities to prevent inter-
mediate-range ground-launched ballistic missile and cruise missile attacks, whether or not such capabilities are in compliance with the INF Treaty and including capabilities that may be acquired from allies of the United States. 
(B) Countervailing strike capabilities to en-
hance the forces of the United States or allies of the United States, whether or not such capabili-ties are in compliance with the INF Treaty and including capabilities that may be acquired from allies of the United States. 
(C) Active defenses to defend against inter-
mediate-range ground-launched cruise missile attacks. 
(2) C
OST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATES .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall include in the plan re-quired by paragraph (1), with respect to each military capability described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of that paragraph, an estimate of cost and the approximate time for achieving a Milestone A decision, if such a decision is re-quired. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Using amounts 
authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense- wide, or otherwise made available, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out the development of capabilities pursuant to paragraph (1) that are recommended by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to meet military requirements and current capability gaps with respect to mis-siles described in paragraph (1). In making such a recommendation, the Chairman shall give pri-ority to such capabilities that the Chairman de-termines could be tested and fielded most expedi-ently, with the most priority given to capabili-ties that the Chairman determines could be fielded in two years. 
(4) O
THER RESPONSE OPTIONS .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall also include in the plan re-quired by paragraph (1) such other options as the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State consider useful to encourage the Russian Federation to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty or necessary to respond to the fail-ure of the Russian Federation to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty. 
(5) R
EPORTS ON DEVELOPMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—During each 180-day period 
beginning on the date on which funds are first obligated to develop capabilities under para-graph (1), the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on such capabilities, including the costs of development (and esti-mated total costs of each system if pursued to deployment) and the time for development flight testing and deployment. 
(B) S
UNSET .—The provisions of subparagraph 
(A) shall not be in effect after the date on which the President certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that the INF Treaty is no longer in force or the Russian Federation has fully returned to compliance with its obligations 
under the INF Treaty. 
(6) R
EPORT ON DEPLOYMENT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the following: 
(A) Potential deployment locations of the mili-
tary capabilities described in paragraph (1) in East Asia and Eastern Europe, including any potential basing agreements that may be re-quired to facilitate such deployments. 
(B) Any required safety and security meas-
ures, estimates of potential costs of deployments described in subparagraph (A) and an assess-ment of whether or not such deployments in Eastern Europe may require a decision of the North Atlantic Council. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives. 
(2) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Re-publics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Wash-ington, December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SEC. 1244. MODIFICATION OF NOTIFICATION AND 
ASSESSMENT OF PROPOSAL TO MOD-IFY OR INTRODUCE NEW AIRCRAFT OR SENSORS FOR FLIGHT BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNDER THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1242(b) of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3563) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘30 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘90 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph caption, by striking 
‘‘
ELEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ELEMENTS ’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘The assessment shall also include an assessment of the proposal by the commander of each combatant command potentially affected by the proposal, including an assessment of the potential effects of the proposal on operations and any potential vulnerabilities raised by the proposal.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
Not more than 75 percent of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F) may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the following: 
(1) A description of any meetings of the Open 
Skies Consultative Commission during the prior year. 
(2) A description of any agreements entered 
into during such meetings of the Open Skies Consultative Commission. 
(3) A description of any future year proposals 
for modifications to the aircraft or sensors of any State Party to the Open Skies Treaty that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6431 September 29, 2015 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the 
Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SEC. 1245. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Defense may be obligated or ex-pended to implement any activity that recog-nizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the restriction on the obligation or ex-penditure of funds required by subsection (a) if the Secretary— 
(1) determines that to do so is in the national 
interest of the United States; and 
(2) submits to the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a noti-fication of the waiver at the time the waiver is invoked. 
SEC. 1246. LIMITATION ON MILITARY COOPERA-
TION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be used for any bilateral military-to-military cooperation be-tween the Governments of the United States and the Russian Federation until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
(1) the Russian Federation has ceased its oc-
cupation of Ukrainian territory and its aggres-sive activities that threaten the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
(2) the Russian Federation is abiding by the 
terms of and taking steps in support of the Minsk Protocols regarding a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine. 
(b) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—The limitation in sub-
section (a) shall not apply to— 
(1) any activities necessary to ensure the com-
pliance of the United States with its obligations or the exercise of rights of the United States under any bilateral or multilateral arms control or nonproliferation agreement or any other trea-ty obligation of the United States; and 
(2) any activities required to provide logistical 
or other support to the conduct of United States or North Atlantic Treaty Organization military operations in Afghanistan or the withdrawal from Afghanistan. 
(c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State— 
(1) determines that the waiver is in the na-
tional security interest of the United States; and 
(2) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees— 
(A) a notification that the waiver is in the na-
tional security interest of the United States and a description of the national security interest covered by the waiver; and 
(B) a report explaining why the Secretary of 
Defense cannot make the certification under subsection (a). 
(d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN MILITARY  
BASES.—The certification requirement specified 
in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) shall not apply to military bases of the Russian Federa-tion in Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula operating in accordance with its 1997 agreement on the Status and Conditions of the Black Sea Fleet Stationing on the Territory of Ukraine. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1247. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
NEW START TREATY. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During each year described 
in paragraph (2), the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port explaining the reasons that the continued implementation of the New START Treaty is in the national security interests of the United States. 
(2) Y
EAR DESCRIBED .—A year described in this 
paragraph is a year in which the President im-plements the New START Treaty and deter-mines that any of the following circumstances apply: 
(A) The Russian Federation illegally occupies 
Ukrainian territory. 
(B) The Russian Federation is not respecting 
the sovereignty of all Ukrainian territory. 
(C) The Russian Federation is not in full com-
pliance with the INF treaty. 
(D) The Russian Federation is not in compli-
ance with the CFE Treaty and has not lifted its suspension of Russian observance of its treaty obligations. 
(E) The Russian Federation is not reducing its 
deployed strategic delivery vehicles. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) CFE 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘CFE Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe, signed at Paris November 19, 1990, and entered into force July 17, 1992. 
(3) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Re-publics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Wash-ington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
(4) N
EW START TREATY .—The term ‘‘New 
START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Fed-eration on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011. 
SEC. 1248. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN ANNUAL RE-
PORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLVING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTERS .—Subsection (b) of 
section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3566) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(15) as paragraphs (7) through (18), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs (4), (5), and (6): 
‘‘(4) An assessment of the force structure and 
capabilities of Russian military forces stationed in each of the Arctic, Kaliningrad, and Crimea, including a description of any changes to such force structure or capabilities during the one- year period ending on the date of such report and with a particular emphasis on the anti-ac-cess and area denial capabilities of such forces. ‘‘(5) An assessment of Russian military strat-
egy and objectives for the Arctic region. 
‘‘(6) A description of the status of testing, pro-
duction, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or non-state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federa-tion.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports submitted under section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 after that date. 
SEC. 1249. REPORT ON ALTERNATIVE CAPABILI-
TIES TO PROCURE AND SUSTAIN NONSTANDARD ROTARY WING AIR-CRAFT HISTORICALLY PROCURED THROUGH ROSOBORONEXPORT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF ALTERNATIVE  
CAPABILITIES .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Under Secretary for purposes of the report, of the feasibility and advisability of using alter-native industrial base capabilities to procure and sustain, with parts and service, non-standard rotary wing aircraft historically ac-quired through Rosoboronexport, or non-standard rotary wing aircraft that are in whole or in part reliant upon Rosoboronexport for con-tinued sustainment, in order to benefit United States national security interests. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or an-other appropriate independent entity with ex-pertise in the procurement and sustainment of complex weapon systems, selected by the Under Secretary for purposes of the assessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment obtained for 
purposes of subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) An identification and assessment of inter-
national industrial base capabilities, other than Rosoboronexport, to provide one or more of the following: 
(A) Means of procuring nonstandard rotary 
wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
(B) Reliable and timely supply of required and 
appropriate parts, spares, and consumables of such aircraft. 
(C) Certifiable maintenance of such aircraft, 
including major periodic overhauls, damage re-pair, and modifications. 
(D) Access to required reference data on such 
aircraft, including technical manuals and serv-ice bulletins. 
(E) Credible certification of airworthiness of 
such aircraft through physical inspection, not-withstanding any current administrative re-quirements to the contrary. 
(2) An assessment (including an assessment of 
associated costs and risks) of alterations to ad-ministrative processes of the United States Gov-ernment that may be required to procure any of the capabilities specified in paragraph (1), in-cluding waivers to Department of Defense or Department of State requirements applicable to foreign military sales or alterations to proce-dures for approval of airworthiness certificates. 
(3) An assessment of the potential economic 
impact to Rosoboronexport of procuring non-standard rotary wing aircraft described in para-graph (1)(A) through entities other than Rosoboronexport. 
(4) An assessment of the risks and benefits of 
using the entities identified pursuant to para-graph (1)(A) to procure aircraft described in that paragraph. 
(5) Such other matters as the Under Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6432 September 29, 2015 
(d) U SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The entity 
conducting the assessment for purposes of sub-section (a) may use and incorporate information from previous studies on matters appropriate to the assessment. 
(e) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1250. UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INI-
TIATIVE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—Of 
the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by title XV and available for overseas contingency operations as specified in the funding tables in division D, $300,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to pro-vide appropriate security assistance and intel-ligence support, including training, equipment, and logistics support, supplies and services, to military and other security forces of the Govern-ment of Ukraine for the purposes as follows: 
(1) To enhance the capabilities of the military 
and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine to defend against further aggression. 
(2) To assist Ukraine in developing the combat 
capability to defend its sovereignty and terri-torial integrity. 
(3) To support the Government of Ukraine in 
defending itself against actions by Russia and Russian-backed separatists that violate the ceasefire agreements of September 4, 2014, and February 11, 2015. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE SECURITY ASSISTANCE AND  
INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT .—For purposes of sub-
section (a), appropriate security assistance and intelligence support includes the following: 
(1) Real time or near real time actionable in-
telligence, including by lease of such capabilities from United States commercial entities. 
(2) Lethal assistance such as anti-armor 
weapon systems, mortars, crew-served weapons and ammunition, grenade launchers and ammu-nition, and small arms and ammunition. 
(3) Counter-artillery radars, including me-
dium-range and long-range counter-artillery ra-dars that can detect and locate long-range artil-lery. 
(4) Unmanned aerial tactical surveillance sys-
tems. 
(5) Cyber capabilities. (6) Counter-electronic warfare capabilities 
such as secure communications equipment and other electronic protection systems. 
(7) Other electronic warfare capabilities. (8) Training required to maintain and employ 
systems and capabilities described in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
(9) Training for critical combat operations 
such as planning, command and control, small unit tactics, counter-artillery tactics, logistics, countering improvised explosive devices, battle- field first aid, post-combat treatment, and med-ical evacuation. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
(1) T RAINING .—Up to 20 percent of the amount 
available pursuant to subsection (a) may be used to support training pursuant to section 1207 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), relat-ing to the Global Security Contingency Fund. 
(2) D
EFENSIVE LETHAL ASSISTANCE .—Subject to 
paragraph (3), of the amount available pursu-ant to subsection (a), $50,000,000 shall be avail-able only for lethal assistance described in para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b). 
(3) O
THER PURPOSES .—The amount described 
in paragraph (2) shall be available for purposes other than lethal assistance referred to in that paragraph commencing on the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of this Act if the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the use of such amount for purposes of such lethal assist-ance is not in the national security interests of the United States. The purposes for which the amount may be used pursuant to this paragraph include the following: (A) Assistance or support to national-level se-
curity forces of other Partnership for Peace na-tions that the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to assist in preserving their sov-ereignty and territorial integrity against Rus-sian aggression. 
(B) Exercises and training support of na-
tional-level security forces of Partnership for Peace nations or the Government of Ukraine that the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to assist in preserving their sov-ereignty and territorial integrity against Rus-sian aggression. 
(d) U
NITED STATES INVENTORY AND OTHER 
SOURCES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to any assistance 
provided pursuant to subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense is authorized, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, to make available to the Government of Ukraine weap-ons and other defense articles, from the United States inventory and other sources, and defense services, in such quantity as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to achieve the purposes specified in subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPLACEMENT .—Amounts for the replace-
ment of any items provided to the Government of Ukraine pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be derived from the amount available pursuant to subsection (a) or amounts authorized to be ap-propriated for the Department of Defense for overseas contingency operations for weapons procurement. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—Noth-
ing in this section shall be construed to con-stitute a specific statutory authorization for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances. 
(f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Assistance 
may not be provided under the authority in this section after December 31, 2017. 
(g) E
XTENSION OF REPORTS ON MILITARY AS-
SISTANCE TO UKRAINE .—Section 1275(e) of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3592) is amended by striking ‘‘January 31, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 1251. TRAINING FOR EASTERN EUROPEAN 
NATIONAL MILITARY FORCES IN THE COURSE OF MULTILATERAL EXER-CISES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense 
may provide the training specified in subsection (b), and pay the incremental expenses incurred by a country as the direct result of participation in such training, for the national military forces provided for under subsection (c). 
(b) T
YPES OF TRAINING .—The training pro-
vided to the national military forces of a coun-try under subsection (a) shall be limited to training that is— 
(1) provided in the course of the conduct of a 
multilateral exercise in which the United States Armed Forces are a participant; 
(2) comparable to or complimentary of the 
types of training the United States Armed Forces receive in the course of such multilateral exercise; and 
(3) for any purpose as follows: (A) To enhance and increase the interoper-
ability of the military forces to be trained to in-crease their ability to participate in coalition ef-forts led by the United States or the North At-lantic Treaty Organization (NATO). 
(B) To increase the capacity of such military 
forces to respond to external threats. 
(C) To increase the capacity of such military 
forces to respond to hybrid warfare. 
(D) To increase the capacity of such military 
forces to respond to calls for collective action within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE COUNTRIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Training may be provided 
under subsection (a) to the national military forces of the countries determined by the Sec-retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to be appropriate recipients 
of such training from among the countries as follows: 
(A) Countries that are a signatory to the Part-
nership for Peace Framework Documents, but not a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization. 
(B) Countries that became a member of the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization after Janu-ary 1, 1999. 
(2) E
LIGIBLE COUNTRIES .—Before providing 
training under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a list of the countries deter-mined pursuant to paragraph (1) to be eligible for the provision of training under subsection (a). 
(d) F
UNDING OF INCREMENTAL EXPENSES .— 
(1) A NNUAL FUNDING .—Of the amounts speci-
fied in paragraph (2) for a fiscal year, up to a total of $28,000,000 may be used to pay incre-mental expenses under subsection (a) in that fis-cal year. 
(2) A
MOUNTS .—The amounts specified in this 
paragraph are as follows: 
(A) Amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for a fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Army, and available for the Combatant Com-mands Direct Support Program for that fiscal year. 
(B) Amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for a fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, and available for the Wales Ini-tiative Fund for that fiscal year. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ACTIVITIES  
ACROSS FISCAL YEARS .—Amounts available in a 
fiscal year pursuant to this subsection may be used for incremental expenses of training that begins in that fiscal year and ends in the next fiscal year. 
(e) B
RIEFING TO CONGRESS ON USE OF AU-
THORITY .—Not later that 90 days after the end 
of each fiscal year in which the authority in subsection (a) is used, the Secretary shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the use of the authority during such fiscal year, including each country with which training under the au-thority was conducted and the types of training provided. 
(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority provided in subsection (a) is in addition to any other authority provided by law author-izing the provision of training for the national military forces of a foreign country, including section 2282 of title 10, United States Code. 
(g) I
NCREMENTAL EXPENSES DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘incremental expenses’’ means the reasonable and proper cost of the goods and services that are consumed by a country as a di-rect result of that country’s participation in training under the authority of this section, in-cluding rations, fuel, training ammunition, and transportation. Such term does not include pay, allowances, and other normal costs of a coun-try’s personnel. 
(h) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2017. Any activity under this sec-tion initiated before that date may be completed, but only using funds available for fiscal years 2016 through 2017. 
Subtitle F—Matters Relating to the Asia- 
Pacific Region 
SEC. 1261. STRATEGY TO PROMOTE UNITED 
STATES INTERESTS IN THE INDO- ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than March 1, 2017, 
the President shall develop an overall strategy to promote United States interests in the Indo- Asia-Pacific region. Such strategy shall be in-formed by, but not limited to, the following: 
(1) The national security strategy of the 
United States for 2015 set forth in the national security strategy report required under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6433 September 29, 2015 
108(a)(3) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 
U.S.C. 5043(a)(3)), as such strategy relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) The 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review, as 
it relates to United States interests in the Indo- 
Asia-Pacific region. 
(3) The 2015 Quadrennial Diplomacy and De-
velopment Review, as it relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(4) The strategy to prioritize United States de-
fense interests in the Asia-Pacific region as con-tained in the report required by section 1251(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
(5) The integrated, multi-year planning and 
budget strategy for a rebalancing of United States policy in Asia submitted to Congress pur-suant to section 7043(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–76)). 
(b) P
RESIDENTIAL POLICY DIRECTIVE .—The 
President shall issue a Presidential Policy Di-rective to appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government that contains the strategy developed under subsection (a) and includes implementing guidance to such depart-ments and agencies. 
(c) R
ELATION TO AGENCY PRIORITY GOALS AND  
ANNUAL BUDGET .— 
(1) A GENCY PRIORITY GOALS .—In identifying 
agency priority goals under section 1120(b) of title 31, United States Code, for each appro-priate department and agency of the United States Government, the head of such department or agency, or as otherwise determined by the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall take into consideration the strategy devel-oped under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
(2) A
NNUAL BUDGET .—The President, acting 
through the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall ensure that the annual budget submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, includes a sepa-rate section that clearly highlights programs and projects that are being funded in the an-nual budget that relate to the strategy devel-oped under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
SEC. 1262. REQUIREMENT TO SUBMIT DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE POLICY REGARD-ING FOREIGN DISCLOSURE OR TECH-NOLOGY RELEASE OF AEGIS ASHORE CAPABILITY TO JAPAN. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that a decision by the Government of Japan to purchase Aegis Ashore for its self-de-fense, given that it already possesses sea-based Aegis weapons system-equipped naval vessels, could create a significant opportunity for pro-moting interoperability and integration of air- and missile defense capability, could provide for force multiplication benefits, and could poten-tially alleviate force posture requirements on multi-mission assets. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT TO SUBMIT POLICY .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a copy of the Department of Defense policy regarding foreign disclosure or technology re-lease of Aegis Ashore capability to Japan. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1263. SOUTH CHINA SEA INITIATIVE. 
(a) A SSISTANCE AND TRAINING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense is 
authorized, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State, for the purpose of increasing maritime security and maritime domain aware-ness of foreign countries along the South China Sea— (A) to provide assistance to national military 
or other security forces of such countries that have among their functional responsibilities maritime security missions; and 
(B) to provide training to ministry, agency, 
and headquarters level organizations for such forces. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION OF ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN -
ING.—The provision of assistance and training 
under this section may be referred to as the ‘‘South China Sea Initiative’’. 
(b) R
ECIPIENT COUNTRIES .—The foreign coun-
tries that may be provided assistance and train-ing under subsection (a) are the following: 
(1) Indonesia. (2) Malaysia, 
(3) The Philippines. (4) Thailand. (5) Vietnam. (c) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING .— 
(1) A UTHORIZED ELEMENTS OF ASSISTANCE .— 
Assistance provided under subsection (a)(1)(A) may include the provision of equipment, sup-plies, training, and small-scale military con-struction. 
(2) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .—Assistance and training provided 
under subsection (a) shall include elements that promote the following: 
(A) Observance of and respect for human 
rights and fundamental freedoms. 
(B) Respect for legitimate civilian authority 
within the country to which the assistance is provided. 
(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN-
ING.—In developing programs for assistance or 
training to be provided under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall accord a priority to assistance, training, or both that will enhance the maritime capabilities of the recipient foreign country, or a regional organization of which the recipient country is a member, to respond to emerging threats to maritime security. 
(e) I
NCREMENTAL EXPENSES OF PERSONNEL OF  
CERTAIN OTHER COUNTRIES FOR TRAINING .— 
(1) A UTHORITY FOR PAYMENT .—If the Sec-
retary of Defense determines that the payment of incremental expenses in connection with training described in subsection (a)(1)(B) will facilitate the participation in such training of organization personnel of foreign countries specified in paragraph (2), the Secretary may use amounts available under subsection (f) for assistance and training under subsection (a) for the payment of such incremental expenses. 
(2) C
OVERED COUNTRIES .—The foreign coun-
tries specified in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: 
(A) Brunei. (B) Singapore. (C) Taiwan. (f) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense, $50,000,000 may be available for the provision of assistance and training under subsection (a). 
(2) N
OTICE ON SOURCE OF FUNDS .—If the Sec-
retary of Defense uses funds available to the Department pursuant to paragraph (1) to pro-vide assistance and training under subsection (a) during a fiscal half-year of fiscal year 2016, not later than 30 days after the end of such fis-cal half-year, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notice on the account or accounts providing such funds. 
(g) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days before 
exercising the authority under subsection (a) or (e) with respect to a recipient foreign country, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a notification containing the following: 
(A) The recipient foreign country. (B) A detailed justification of the program for 
the provision of the assistance or training con-cerned, and its relationship to United States se-curity interests. (C) The budget for the program, including a 
timetable of planned expenditures of funds to implement the program, an implementation timeline for the program with milestones (in-cluding anticipated delivery schedules for any assistance under the program), the military de-partment or component responsible for manage-ment of the program, and the anticipated com-pletion date for the program. 
(D) A description of the arrangements, if any, 
to support host nation sustainment of any capa-bility developed pursuant to the program, and the source of funds to support sustainment ef-forts and performance outcomes to be achieved under the program beyond its completion date, if applicable. 
(E) A description of the program objectives 
and an assessment framework to be used to de-velop capability and performance metrics associ-ated with operational outcomes for the recipient force. 
(F) Such other matters as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(h) E
XPIRATION .—Assistance and training 
may not be provided under this section after September 30, 2020. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1271. TWO-YEAR EXTENSION AND MODIFICA-
TION OF AUTHORIZATION FOR NON- CONVENTIONAL ASSISTED RECOV-ERY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 943 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4579), as most recently amend-ed by section 1261(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(b) R
EVISION TO ANNUAL LIMITATION ON  
FUNDS.—Subsection (a) of such section 943 is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘an amount’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘may be’’ and inserting ‘‘amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LIMIT .—The total amount made 
available for support of non-conventional as-sisted recovery activities under this subsection in any fiscal year may not exceed $25,000,000.’’. 
(c) O
VERSIGHT .—Subsection (b) of such section 
943 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(b) P ROCEDURES .—The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) P ROCEDURES AND OVERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) P ROCEDURES .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) P ROGRAMMATIC AND POLICY OVERSIGHT .— 
The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall have primary programmatic and policy oversight of non-conventional assisted recovery activities authorized by this section.’’. 
SEC. 1272. AMENDMENT TO THE ANNUAL REPORT 
UNDER ARMS CONTROL AND DISAR-MAMENT ACT. 
Subsection (e) of section 403 of the Arms Con-
trol and Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6434 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(e) A NNUAL REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than June 15 of 
each year described in paragraph (2), the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a detailed assessment, consistent with the provision of classified information and intelligence sources and methods, of the adher-ence of other nations to obligations undertaken in all arms control, nonproliferation, and disar-mament agreements or commitments to which the United States is a party, including informa-tion of cases in which any such nation has be-haved inconsistently with respect to its obliga-tions undertaken in such agreements or commit-ments. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED YEAR .—A year described in this 
paragraph is a year in which the President fails to submit the report required by subsection (a) by not later than April 15 of such year. 
‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The report required by this sub-
section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if nec-essary.’’. 
SEC. 1273. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION TO 
CONDUCT ACTIVITIES TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITY OF FOREIGN COUN-TRIES TO RESPOND TO INCIDENTS INVOLVING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION. 
Section 1204(h) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 10 U.S.C. 401 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1274. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR 
SUPPORT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS TO COMBAT TERRORISM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of section 1208 
of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2086), as most recently amend-ed by section 1208(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), is further amended by striking ‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$85,000,000’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION .—Subsection (c)(1) of such 
section 1208, as most recently amended by sec-tion 1202(b) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2511), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Upon using’’ and inserting 
‘‘Not later than 15 days before exercising’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘for support’’ and inserting ‘‘to 
initiate support’’; 
(3) by inserting after ‘‘for such an operation,’’ 
the following: ‘‘or not later than 48 hours after exercising such authority provided in subsection (a) if the Secretary of Defense determines that extraordinary circumstances that impact the na-tional security of the United States exist,’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘expeditiously, and in any 
event within 48 hours,’’. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Subsection (f)(1) of such 
section 1208, as most recently amended by sec-tion 1202(c) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2512), is further amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the close of each fiscal year during which subsection (a) is in ef-fect’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and every 180 days thereafter’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsections (a) and (b) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to each fiscal year that begins on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1275. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT THE ARMS TRADE TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Defense may be obligated or ex-pended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty, or 
to make any change to existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by Congress in furtherance of, pursuant to, or otherwise to im-plement the Arms Trade Treaty, unless the Arms Trade Treaty has received the advice and con-sent of the Senate and has been the subject of implementing legislation, as required, by Con-gress. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to preclude the De-partment of Defense from assisting foreign coun-tries in bringing their laws and regulations up to United States standards. 
SEC. 1276. REPORT ON THE SECURITY RELATION-
SHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the security rela-tionship between the United States and the Re-public of Cyprus. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A description of ongoing military and secu-
rity cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
(2) A discussion of potential steps for enhanc-
ing the bilateral security relationship between the United States and Cyprus, including steps to enhance the military and security capabilities of the Republic of Cyprus. 
(3) An analysis of the effect on the bilateral 
security relationship of the United States policy to deny applications for licenses and other ap-provals for the export of defense articles and de-fense services to the armed forces of Cyprus. 
(4) An analysis of the extent to which such 
United States policy is consistent with overall United States security and policy objectives in the region. 
(5) An assessment of the potential impact of 
lifting such United States policy. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1277. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EUROPEAN 
DEFENSE AND THE NORTH ATLAN-TIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security and fiscal in-
terests of the United States that prompt efforts should be undertaken by North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies to meet defense budget com-mitments made in Declaration 14 of the Wales Summit Declaration of September 2014; 
(2) thoughtful and coordinated defense invest-
ments by European allies in military capabilities would add deterrence value to the posture of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization against Russian aggression and terrorist organizations and more appropriately balance the share of At-lantic defense spending; 
(3) the United States Government should con-
tinue to support the open-door policy of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, declared at the 2014 Summit in Wales that ‘‘NATO’s open- door will remain open to all European democ-racies which share the values of our Alliance, which are willing and able to assume the re-sponsibilities and obligations of membership, which are in a position to further the principles of the Treaty, and whose inclusion will con-tribute to the security of the North Atlantic area’’; and 
(4) the United States Government should— (A) continue to work with aspirant countries 
to prepare such countries for entry into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; 
(B) work with the Republic of Kosovo to pre-
pare the country for entrance into the Partner-ship for Peace (PfP) program; (C) continue supporting a Membership Action 
Plan (MAP) for Georgia; 
(D) encourage leaders of Macedonia and 
Greece to find a mutually agreeable solution to the name dispute between the two countries; and 
(E) support North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion membership for Montenegro. 
SEC. 1278. BRIEFING ON THE SALE OF CERTAIN 
FIGHTER AIRCRAFT TO QATAR. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, provide the appro-priate committees of Congress a briefing on the risks and benefits of the sale of fighter aircraft to Qatar pursuant to the July 2013 Letter of Re-quest from the Government of Qatar. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following elements: 
(1) A description of the assumptions regarding 
the increase to Qatar air force capabilities as a result of the sale described in subsection (a). 
(2) A description of the assumptions regarding 
the impact of the items sold to Qatar pursuant to the sale on the preservation by Israel of a qualitative military edge. 
(3) An estimated timeline for final adjudica-
tion of the decision to approve the sale. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1279. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL ANTI-TUNNEL 
COOPERATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOESTABLISH ANTI-TUNNEL  
CAPABILITIES PROGRAM WITHISRAEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
upon request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel and in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, is au-thorized to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation, on a joint basis with Israel, to establish anti-tunnel capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tun-nels that threaten the United States or Israel. Any activities carried out pursuant to such au-thority shall be conducted in a manner that ap-propriately protects sensitive information and United States and Israel national security inter-ests. 
(2) R
EPORT .—The activities described in para-
graph (1) and subsection (b) may be carried out after the Secretary of Defense submits to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report set-ting forth the following: 
(A) A memorandum of agreement between the 
United States and Israel regarding sharing of research and development costs for the capabili-ties described in paragraph (1), and any sup-porting documents. 
(B) A certification that the memorandum of 
agreement— 
(i) requires sharing of costs of projects, includ-
ing in-kind support, between the United States and Israel; 
(ii) establishes a framework to negotiate the 
rights to any intellectual property developed under the memorandum of agreement; and 
(iii) requires the United States Government to 
receive semiannual reports on expenditure of funds, if any, by the Government of Israel, in-cluding a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. 
(b) S
UPPORT IN CONNECTION WITHPROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense is 
authorized to provide maintenance and sustainment support to Israel for the anti-tun-nel capabilities research, development, test, and evaluation activities authorized in subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6435 September 29, 2015 
(a)(1). Such authority includes authority to in-
stall equipment necessary to carry out such re-search, development, test, and evaluation. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Support may not be provided 
under paragraph (1) until 15 days after the Sec-retary submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth a detailed de-scription of the support to be provided. 
(3) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTION .—Support may 
not be provided under this subsection unless the Government of Israel contributes an amount not less than the amount of support to be so pro-vided to the program, project, or activity for which the support is to be so provided. 
(4) A
NNUAL LIMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The 
amount of support provided under this sub-section in any year may not exceed $25,000,000. 
(c) L
EADAGENCY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall designate an appropriate research and de-velopment entity of a military department as the lead agency of the Department of Defense in carrying out this section. 
(d) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress on a semiannual basis a report that contains a copy of the most recent semi-annual report provided by the Government of Israel to the Department of Defense pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii). 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(f) S
UNSET .—The authority in this section to 
carry out activities described in subsection (a), and to provide support described in subsection (b), shall expire on December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 1280. NATO SPECIAL OPERATIONS HEAD-
QUARTERS. 
Section 1244(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2541), as most recently amended by section 1272(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2023), is further amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2020’’. 
SEC. 1281. INCREASED PRESENCE OF UNITED 
STATES GROUND FORCES IN EAST-ERN EUROPE TO DETER AGGRES-SION ON THE BORDER OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANI-ZATION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report setting forth an as-sessment of options for expanding the presence of United States ground forces of the size of a Brigade Combat Team in Eastern Europe to re-spond, along with European allies and partners, to the security challenges posed by Russia and increase the combat capability of forces able to respond to unconventional or hybrid warfare tactics such as those used by the Russian Fed-eration in Crimea and Eastern Ukraine. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under this section 
shall include the following: 
(1) An evaluation of the optimal location or 
locations of the enhanced ground force presence described in subsection (a) that considers such factors as— 
(A) proximity, suitability, and availability of 
maneuver and gunnery training areas; 
(B) transportation capabilities; (C) availability of facilities, including for po-
tential equipment storage and prepositioning; (D) ability to conduct multinational training 
and exercises; 
(E) a site or sites for prepositioning of equip-
ment, a rotational presence or permanent pres-ence of troops, or a combination of options; and 
(F) costs. (2) A description of any initiatives by other 
members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, or other European allies and partners, for enhancing force presence on a permanent or ro-tational basis in Eastern Europe to match or ex-ceed the potential increased presence of United States ground forces in the region. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENT ON REDUCTION IN  
TROOP LEVELS OR MATERIEL .—In addition to 
the matters specified in subsection (b), the re-port under this section shall also include an as-sessment of any impacts on United States na-tional security interests in Europe of any pro-posed Brigade-sized or other significant reduc-tion in United States troop levels or materiel in Europe. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat 
Reduction funds. 
Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE 
THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  
REDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the 
term ‘‘fiscal year 2016 Cooperative Threat Re-duction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the fund-ing table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Funds appro-
priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 1504 and made available by the funding table in section 4303 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fis-cal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $358,496,000 authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Re-duction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes spec-ified: 
(1) For strategic offensive arms elimination, 
$1,289,000. 
(2) For chemical weapons destruction, 
$942,000. 
(3) For global nuclear security, $20,555,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, 
$264,618,000. 
(5) For proliferation prevention, $38,945,000. (6) For threat reduction engagement, 
$2,827,000. 
(7) For activities designated as Other Assess-
ments/Administrative Costs, $29,320,000. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. 
Sec. 1402. National Defense Sealift Fund. 
Sec. 1403. Chemical Agents and Munitions De-
struction, Defense. 
Sec. 1404. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1405. Defense Inspector General. 
Sec. 1406. Defense Health Program. Sec. 1407. National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. 
Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
Sec. 1411. Extension of date for completion of 
destruction of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and muni-tions. 
Subtitle C—Working-Capital Funds 
Sec. 1421. Limitation on cessation or suspension 
of distribution of funds from De-partment of Defense working-cap-ital funds. 
Sec. 1422. Working-capital fund reserve account 
for petroleum market price fluc-tuations. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Sec. 1431. Authority for transfer of funds to 
Joint Department of Defense-De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
Sec. 1432. Authorization of appropriations for 
Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the National De-fense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1403. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS 
DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4501. 
(b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— 
(1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents 
and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and 
(2) the destruction of chemical warfare mate-
riel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1404. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1406. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. 
SEC. 1407. NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE 
FUND. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the 
National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6436 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
SEC. 1411. EXTENSION OF DATE FOR COMPLE-
TION OF DESTRUCTION OF EXISTING STOCKPILE OF LETHAL CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS. 
Section 1412(b)(3) of the Department of De-
fense Authorization Act, 1986 (Public Law 99– 145; 50 U.S.C. 1521) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. 
Subtitle C—Working-Capital Funds 
SEC. 1421. LIMITATION ON CESSATION OR SUS-
PENSION OF DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS FROM DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE WORKING-CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(s) L
IMITATION ON CESSATION OR SUSPENSION  
OFDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN WORK-
LOAD .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department is not authorized— 
‘‘(A) to suspend the employment of indirectly 
funded Government employees of the Depart-ment of Defense who are paid for out of work-ing-capital funds by ceasing or suspending the distribution of such funds; or 
‘‘(B) to cease or suspend the distribution of 
funds from a working-capital fund for a current project undertaken to carry out the functions or activities of the Department. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply with re-
spect to a working-capital fund if— 
‘‘(A) the working-capital fund is insolvent; or 
‘‘(B) there are insufficient funds in the work-
ing-capital fund to pay labor costs for the cur-rent project concerned. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense or the Secretary 
of a military department may waive the limita-tion in paragraph (1) if such Secretary deter-mines that the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. 
‘‘(4) This subsection shall not be construed to 
provide for the exclusion of any particular cat-egory of employees of the Department of Defense from furlough due to absence of or inadequate funding.’’. 
SEC. 1422. WORKING-CAPITAL FUND RESERVE AC-
COUNT FOR PETROLEUM MARKET PRICE FLUCTUATIONS. 
Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by section 1421, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(t) M
ARKET FLUCTUATION ACCOUNT .—(1) 
From amounts available for Working Capital Fund, Defense, the Secretary shall reserve up to $1,000,000,000, to remain available without fiscal year limitation, for petroleum market price fluc-tuations. Such amounts may only be disbursed if the Secretary determines such a disbursement is necessary to absorb volatile market changes in fuel prices without affecting the standard price charged for fuel. 
‘‘(2) A budget request for the anticipated costs 
of fuel may not take into account the avail-ability of funds reserved under paragraph (1).’’. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 1431. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated for sec-tion 1406 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $120,387,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense– Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of sub-section (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the pur-
pose of such a transfer. 
(b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For the 
purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1432. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2016 from the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 1501. Purpose and treatment of certain au-
thorizations of appropriations. 
Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1508. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1509. Defense Health program. Sec. 1510. Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional authoriza-
tions. 
Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 1531. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. 
Sec. 1532. Joint Improvised Explosive Device 
Defeat Fund. 
Sec. 1533. Availability of Joint Improvised Ex-
plosive Device Defeat Fund for training of foreign security forces to defeat improvised explosive de-vices. 
Sec. 1534. Comptroller General report on use of 
certain funds provided for oper-ation and maintenance. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE AND TREATMENT OF CER-
TAIN AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPRO-PRIATIONS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this subtitle is 
to authorize appropriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 to provide addi-tional funds— 
(1) for overseas contingency operations being 
carried out by the Armed Forces, in such amounts as may be designated as provided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985; and 
(2) pursuant to section 1504, for expenses, not 
otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4303. 
(b) S
UPPORT OF BASEBUDGET REQUIREMENTS ; 
TREATMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds identified in para-
graph (2) of subsection (a) are being authorized to be appropriated in support of base budget re-quirements as requested by the President for fis-cal year 2016 pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
(2) A
PPORTIONMENT .—The Director of the Of-
fice of Management and Budget shall apportion the funds identified in paragraph (2) of sub-section (a) to the Department of Defense with-out restriction, limitation, or constraint on the 
execution of such funds in support of base re-quirements, including any restriction, limita-tion, or constraint imposed by, or described in, the document entitled ‘‘Criteria for War/Over-seas Contingency Operations Funding Re-quests’’ transmitted by the Director to the De-partment of Defense on September 9, 2010, or any successor or related guidance. 
(3) E
XECUTION AND USE .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall apportion, use, and execute the funds apportioned by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget as described in paragraph (2) of this subsection without restric-tion, limitation, or constraint on the execution of such funds in support of base requirements, including any restriction, limitation, or con-straint specifically described in paragraph (2) of this subsection. 
(c) E
FFECT OF ENACTMENT OF ACTREVISING  
DISCRETIONARY SPENDING LIMITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the event of the enact-
ment of an Act revising discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016, the amount that is au-thorized to be appropriated by section 1504, as specified in the funding table in section 4303, and is not greater than the amount of the in-crease in the discretionary spending limit for re-vised security activities by that Act, shall be deemed to have been authorized to be appro-priated by section 301 rather than section 1504. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) The term ‘‘Act revising discretionary 
spending limits for fiscal year 2016’’ means an Act enacted after the date of enactment of this Act that, at a minimum and in a bi-partisan manner, increases the discretionary spending limits set in the Budget Control Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25) for fiscal year 2016. 
(B) The terms ‘‘discretionary spending limit’’ 
and ‘‘revised security category’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 250 of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900). 
SEC. 1502. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement ac-counts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activi-ties, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1503. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1504. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in— 
(1) the funding table in section 4302, or (2) the funding table in section 4303. 
SEC. 1505. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1506. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1507. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6437 September 29, 2015 
for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-
tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1510. COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS 
FUND. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
(b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts ap-
propriated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in subsection (a) shall remain available for obligation through September 30, 2017. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-
IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by 
this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the 
Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2016 between any such au-thorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivi-sions thereof). 
(2) E
FFECT OF TRANSFER .—Amounts of author-
izations transferred under this subsection shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which trans-ferred. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—The total amount of au-
thorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $3,500,000,000. 
(4) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of the authoriza-
tion of appropriations contained in section 1504 that is provided for the purpose specified in sec-tion 1501(a)(2), the transfer authority provided under section 1001, rather than the transfer au-thority provided by this subsection, shall apply to any transfer of amounts of such authoriza-tion. 
(b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under 
this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer au-
thority provided by this section is in addition to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
SEC. 1531. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES 
FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES AND  
NOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Funds 
available to the Department of Defense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016 shall be subject to the conditions con-tained in subsections (b) through (g) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424). (b) E
QUIPMENT DISPOSITION .— 
(1) A CCEPTANCE OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .—Sub-
ject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is procured using amounts in the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund authorized under this Act and is intended for transfer to the security forces of Afghani-stan, but is not accepted by such security forces. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF EQUIP -
MENT .—Before accepting any equipment under 
the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghani-stan shall make a determination that the equip-ment was procured for the purpose of meeting requirements of the security forces of Afghani-stan, as agreed to by both the Government of Afghanistan and the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. 
(3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—In making 
a determination under paragraph (2) regarding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to Secretary of Defense acceptance of the equip-ment. An explanation of each determination, in-cluding the basis for the determination and the alternatives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under para-graph (5). 
(4) T
REATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STOCKS .—Equipment accepted under the author-
ity provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon notifi-cation to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. 
(5) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS -
POSITION .—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act and every 90-day period thereafter during which the authority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report describing the equipment accepted under this subsection, sec-tion 1531(d) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), and section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3612) during the period covered by the report. Each report shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the period covered by the report and treated as stocks of the Department and copies of the determina-tions made under paragraph (2), as required by paragraph (3). 
(c) P
LANTOPROMOTE SECURITY OF AFGHAN  
WOMEN .— 
(1) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary 
of Defense, with the concurrence of the Sec-
retary of State, shall include in the report re-quired under section 1225 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3550)— 
(A) an assessment of the security of Afghan 
women and girls, including information regard-ing efforts to increase the recruitment and re-tention of women in the Afghan National Secu-rity Forces; and 
(B) an assessment of the implementation of 
the plans for the recruitment, integration, reten-tion, training, treatment, and provision of ap-propriate facilities and transportation for women in the Afghan National Security Forces, including the challenges associated with such implementation and the steps being taken to ad-dress those challenges. 
(2) P
LAN REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall support, to the extent practicable, the ef-forts of the Government of Afghanistan to pro-mote the security of Afghan women and girls during and after the security transition process through the development and implementation by the Government of Afghanistan of an Afghan- led plan that should include the elements de-scribed in this paragraph. (B) T
RAINING .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and working with the NATO-led Resolute Sup-port mission, should encourage the Government of Afghanistan to develop— 
(i) measures for the evaluation of the effec-
tiveness of existing training for Afghan Na-tional Security Forces on this issue; 
(ii) a plan to increase the number of female se-
curity officers specifically trained to address cases of gender-based violence, including ensur-ing the Afghan National Police’s Family Re-sponse Units have the necessary resources and are available to women across Afghanistan; 
(iii) mechanisms to enhance the capacity for 
units of National Police’s Family Response Units to fulfill their mandate as well as indica-tors measuring the operational effectiveness of these units; 
(iv) a plan to address the development of ac-
countability mechanisms for Afghanistan Na-tional Army and Afghanistan National Police personnel who violate codes of conduct related to the human rights of women and girls, includ-ing female members of the Afghan National Se-curity Forces; and 
(v) a plan to develop training for the Afghani-
stan National Army and the Afghanistan Na-tional Police to increase awareness and respon-siveness among Afghanistan National Army and Afghanistan National Police personnel regard-ing the unique security challenges women con-front when serving in those forces. 
(C) E
NROLLMENT AND TREATMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in cooperation with the Afghan Ministries of Defense and Interior, shall seek to assist the Government of Afghanistan in including as part of the plan developed under subparagraph (A) the development and imple-mentation of a plan to increase the number of female members of the Afghanistan National Army and the Afghanistan National Police and to promote their equal treatment, including through such steps as providing appropriate equipment, modifying facilities, and ensuring literacy and gender awareness training for re-cruits. 
(D) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the 
Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016, it is the goal that $25,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— 
(I) the recruitment, integration, retention, 
training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Security Forces; and 
(II) the recruitment, training, and contracting 
of female security personnel for future elections. 
(ii) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— 
Such programs and activities may include— 
(I) efforts to recruit women into the Afghan 
National Security Forces, including the special operations forces; 
(II) programs and activities of the Afghan 
Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Afghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; 
(III) development and dissemination of gender 
and human rights educational and training ma-terials and programs within the Afghan Min-istry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of In-terior; 
(IV) efforts to address harassment and vio-
lence against women within the Afghan Na-tional Security Forces; 
(V) improvements to infrastructure that ad-
dress the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Security Forces, including ap-propriate equipment for female security and po-lice forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station 
(VI) support for Afghanistan National Police 
Family Response Units; and 
(VII) security provisions for high-profile fe-
male police and army officers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6438 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 1532. JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DE-
VICE DEFEAT FUND. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Sub-
sections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in effect before the amendments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to the funds made available for fiscal year 2016 to the Department of Defense for the Joint Im-provised Explosive Device Defeat Fund. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF INTERDICTION OF IMPRO -
VISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS  
AUTHORITY .—Section 1532(c) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2057) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and for fis-
cal year 2016,’’after ‘‘fiscal year 2013’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), as most recently amend-
ed by section 1533(c) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3615), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(c) P
LAN FOR TRANSITION .—Not later than 
January 31, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan and timeline for each of the following: 
(1) The full and complete transition of the ac-
tivities, functions, and resources of the Joint Im-provised-Threat Defeat Agency to an office under the authority, direction, and control of a military department or a Defense Agency in ex-istence as of October 1, 2015. 
(2) The transition of the Joint Improvised Ex-
plosive Device Defeat Fund to a successor fund that provides for the continuation of current flexibility in funding the activities supported and enabled by the Fund. 
(3) The transition of the Counter-Improvised 
Explosive Device Operations/Intelligence Inte-gration Center of the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Agency to an element of a military de-partment or a Defense Agency in existence as of October 1, 2015. 
(4) The transition of the research, develop-
ment, and acquisition activities of the Joint Im-provised-Threat Defeat Agency to an element of a military department or a Defense Agency in existence as of October 1, 2015. 
(d) F
INAL IMPLEMENTATION PLAN AND  
TIMELINE .— 
(1) P LAN AND TIMELINE REQUIRED .—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan and timeline that— 
(A) incorporates the plans and timelines re-
quired by paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (c); and 
(B) provides for the completion of the imple-
mentation of such plans by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2016. 
(2) S
UMMARY DESCRIPTION OF NECESSARY AC -
TIONS .—In submitting the plan and timeline re-
quired by this subsection, the Secretary shall also submit a summary description of the ac-tions to be taken by the Department of Defense to complete implementation of the plans and timelines required by paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (c) by September 30, 2016. 
(3) C
OMPLIANCE WITH DEADLINES .— 
(A) L IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— 
Except as provided in subparagraph (B), if the Secretary does not submit the plan and timeline required by paragraph (1) before the deadline specified in that paragraph, or does not com-plete implementation of such plan before the deadline specified in subparagraph (B) of that paragraph, none of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund may be obligated after September 30, 2016. 
(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not 
apply to the obligation of funds referred to in such subparagraph after September 30, 2016, for 
operations or operational support activities de-termined by the Secretary to be critical to force protection in overseas contingency operations. 
(e) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR IMPLE -
MENTATION OF COMBAT SUPPORT AGENCY DE-
TERMINATION .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to imple-ment administrative, organizational, facility, or non-operational changes necessary to carry out the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Agency transition and consolidation. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in para-
graph (1) shall be construed to mean that ongo-ing activities directly supporting overseas con-tingency operations must be halted. 
SEC. 1533. AVAILABILITY OF JOINT IMPROVISED 
EXPLOSIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND FOR TRAINING OF FOREIGN SECU-RITY FORCES TO DEFEAT IMPRO-VISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund, or a successor fund, up to $30,000,000 may be available to the Secretary of Defense to provide training to foreign security forces to defeat im-provised explosive devices under authority pro-vided the Department of Defense under any other provision of law. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF CONTINGENT LIMITA -
TION.—The availability of funds under this sub-
section is subject to the contingent limitation on the availability of amounts in the Joint Impro-vised Explosive Device Defeat Fund after Sep-tember 30, 2016, in section 1532(g). 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AVAILABILITY OF  
FUNDS.—The availability of funds under sub-
section (a) shall not be construed as authority in and of itself for the provision of training as described in that subsection. 
(c) G
EOGRAPHIC LIMITATION .—Training may 
be provided using funds available under sub-section (a) only— 
(1) in locations in which the Department is 
conducting a named operation; or 
(2) in geographic areas in which the Secretary 
of Defense has determined that a foreign secu-rity force is facing a significant threat from im-provised explosive devices. 
(d) C
OORDINATION WITHGEOGRAPHIC COM-
BATANT COMMANDS .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, to the extent practicable, coordinate the provision of training using funds available under subsection (a) with requests received from the commanders of the geographic combatant commands. 
(e) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to use funds 
described in subsection (a) in accordance with this section shall expire on September 30, 2018. 
SEC. 1534. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON 
USE OF CERTAIN FUNDS PROVIDED FOR OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE. 
The Comptroller General of the United States 
shall submit to Congress a report specifying how all funds made available pursuant to section 1504 for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4303, are ulti-mately used. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
Sec. 1601. Major force program and budget for 
national security space programs. 
Sec. 1602. Principal advisor on space control. Sec. 1603. Council on Oversight of the Depart-
ment of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enter-prise. 
Sec. 1604. Modification to development of space 
science and technology strategy. 
Sec. 1605. Delegation of authority regarding 
purchase of Global Positioning System user equipment. Sec. 1606. Rocket propulsion system develop-
ment program. 
Sec. 1607. Exception to the prohibition on con-
tracting with Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1608. Acquisition strategy for evolved ex-
pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1609. Allocation of funding for evolved ex-
pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1610. Consolidation of acquisition of wide-
band satellite communications. 
Sec. 1611. Analysis of alternatives for wide- 
band communications. 
Sec. 1612. Expansion of goals and modification 
of pilot program for acquisition of commercial satellite communica-tion services. 
Sec. 1613. Integrated policy to deter adversaries 
in space. 
Sec. 1614. Prohibition on reliance on China and 
Russia for space-based weather data. 
Sec. 1615. Limitation on availability of funds 
for weather satellite follow-on system. 
Sec. 1616. Limitations on availability of funds 
for the Defense Meteorological Satellite program. 
Sec. 1617. Streamline of commercial space 
launch activities. 
Sec. 1618. Plan on full integration and exploi-
tation of overhead persistent in-frared capability. 
Sec. 1619. Options for rapid space reconstitu-
tion. 
Sec. 1620. Evaluation of exploitation of space- 
based infrared system against ad-ditional threats. 
Sec. 1621. Quarterly reports on Global Posi-
tioning System III space segment, Global Positioning System oper-ational control segment, and Mili-tary Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 1622. Sense of Congress on missile defense 
sensors in space. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-Related Activities 
Sec. 1631. Executive agent for open-source intel-
ligence tools. 
Sec. 1632. Waiver and congressional notifica-
tion requirements related to facili-ties for intelligence collection or for special operations abroad. 
Sec. 1633. Prohibition on National Intelligence 
Program consolidation. 
Sec. 1634. Limitation on availability of funds 
for Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
Sec. 1635. Department of Defense intelligence 
needs. 
Sec. 1636. Report on management of certain 
programs of Defense intelligence elements. 
Sec. 1637. Report on Air National Guard con-
tributions to the RQ–4 Global Hawk mission. 
Sec. 1638. Government Accountability Office re-
view of intelligence input to the defense acquisition process. 
Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
Sec. 1641. Codification and addition of liability 
protections relating to reporting on cyber incidents or penetrations of networks and information sys-tems of certain contractors. 
Sec. 1642. Authorization of military cyber oper-
ations. 
Sec. 1643. Limitation on availability of funds 
pending the submission of inte-grated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. 
Sec. 1644. Authorization for procurement of 
relocatable Sensitive Compart-mented Information Facility. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6439 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 1645. Designation of military department 
entity responsible for acquisition of critical cyber capabilities. 
Sec. 1646. Assessment of capabilities of United 
States Cyber Command to defend the United States from cyber at-tacks. 
Sec. 1647. Evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of 
major weapon systems of the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1648. Comprehensive plan and biennial ex-
ercises on responding to cyber at-tacks. 
Sec. 1649. Sense of Congress on reviewing and 
considering findings and rec-ommendations of Council of Gov-ernors on cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
Sec. 1651. Assessment of threats to National 
Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System. 
Sec. 1652. Organization of nuclear deterrence 
functions of the Air Force. 
Sec. 1653. Procurement authority for certain 
parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. 
Sec. 1654. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for de-alerting intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
Sec. 1655. Assessment of global nuclear environ-
ment. 
Sec. 1656. Annual briefing on the costs of for-
ward-deploying nuclear weapons in Europe. 
Sec. 1657. Report on the number of planned 
long-range standoff weapons. 
Sec. 1658. Review of Comptroller General of the 
United States on recommenda-tions relating to nuclear enter-prise of the Department of De-fense. 
Sec. 1659. Sense of Congress on organization of 
Navy for nuclear deterrence mis-sion. 
Sec. 1660. Sense of Congress on the nuclear 
force improvement program of the Air Force. 
Sec. 1661. Senses of Congress on importance of 
cooperation and collaboration be-tween United States and United Kingdom on nuclear issues and on 60th anniversary of Fleet Ballistic Missile Program. 
Sec. 1662. Sense of Congress on plan for imple-
mentation of Nuclear Enterprise Reviews. 
Sec. 1663. Sense of Congress and report on mile-
stone A decision on long-range standoff weapon. 
Sec. 1664. Sense of Congress on policy on the 
nuclear triad. 
Sec. 1665. Report relating to the costs associated 
with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile. 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 1671. Prohibitions on providing certain 
missile defense information to Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1672. Prohibition on integration of missile 
defense systems of Russian Fed-eration into missile defense sys-tems of United States. 
Sec. 1673. Prohibition on integration of missile 
defense systems of China into mis-sile defense systems of United States. 
Sec. 1674. Limitations on availability of funds 
for Patriot lower tier air and mis-sile defense capability of the Army. 
Sec. 1675. Integration and interoperability of 
air and missile defense capabili-ties of the United States. 
Sec. 1676. Integration and interoperability of 
allied missile defense capabilities. Sec. 1677. Missile defense capability in Europe. 
Sec. 1678. Availability of funds for Iron Dome 
short-range rocket defense system. 
Sec. 1679. Israeli cooperative missile defense 
program codevelopment and co-production. 
Sec. 1680. Boost phase defense system. Sec. 1681. Development and deployment of mul-
tiple-object kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland. 
Sec. 1682. Requirement to replace capability en-
hancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicles. 
Sec. 1683. Designation of preferred location of 
additional missile defense site in the United States and plan for ex-pediting deployment time of such site. 
Sec. 1684. Additional missile defense sensor cov-
erage for protection of United States homeland. 
Sec. 1685. Concept development of space-based 
missile defense layer. 
Sec. 1686. Aegis Ashore capability development. Sec. 1687. Development of requirements to sup-
port integrated air and missile de-fense capabilities. 
Sec. 1688. Extension of requirement for Comp-
troller General of the United States review and assessment of missile defense acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 1689. Report on medium range ballistic mis-
sile defense sensor alternatives for enhanced defense of Hawaii. 
Sec. 1690. Sense of Congress and report on vali-
dated military requirement and Milestone A decision on prompt global strike weapon system. 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. MAJOR FORCE PROGRAM AND BUDGET 
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE PROGRAMS. 
(a) B UDGET MATTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 239. National security space programs: 
major force program and budget assessment 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF MAJOR FORCE PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish 
a unified major force program for national secu-rity space programs pursuant to section 222(b) of this title to prioritize national security space ac-tivities in accordance with the requirements of the Department of Defense and national secu-rity. 
‘‘(b) B
UDGET ASSESSMENT .—(1) The Secretary 
shall include with the defense budget materials for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020 a re-port on the budget for national security space programs of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) Each report on the budget for national 
security space programs of the Department of Defense under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) An overview of the budget, including— ‘‘(i) a comparison between that budget, the 
previous budget, the most recent and prior fu-ture-years defense program submitted to Con-gress under section 221 of this title, and the amounts appropriated for such programs during the previous fiscal year; and 
‘‘(ii) the specific identification, as a budgetary 
line item, for the funding under such programs. 
‘‘(B) An assessment of the budget, including 
significant changes, priorities, challenges, and risks. 
‘‘(C) Any additional matters the Secretary de-
termines appropriate. 
‘‘(3) Each report under paragraph (1) shall be 
submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘budget’, with respect to a fiscal 
year, means the budget for that fiscal year that is submitted to Congress by the President under 
section 1105(a) of title 31. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘defense budget materials’, with 
respect to a fiscal year, means the materials sub-mitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget for that fiscal year.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 238 the following new item: 
‘‘239. National security space programs: major 
force program and budget assess-ment.’’. 
(b) P
LAN.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan to carry out the unified major force program designation required by section 239(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), including any rec-ommendations for legislative action the Sec-retary determines appropriate. 
SEC. 1602. PRINCIPAL ADVISOR ON SPACE CON-
TROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 135 of title 10, 
United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2279a. Principal Advisor on Space Control 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall designate a senior official of the Depart-ment of Defense or a military department to serve as the Principal Space Control Advisor, who, in addition to the other duties of such sen-ior official, shall act as the principal advisor to the Secretary on space control activities. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Principal Space 
Control Advisor shall be responsible for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Supervision of space control activities re-
lated to the development, procurement, and em-ployment of, and strategy relating to, space con-trol capabilities. 
‘‘(2) Oversight of policy, resources, personnel, 
and acquisition and technology relating to space control activities. 
‘‘(c) C
ROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM.—The Principal 
Space Control Advisor shall integrate the space control expertise and perspectives of appropriate organizational entities of the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and the combatant commands, by establishing and main-taining a cross-functional team of subject-mat-ter experts who are otherwise assigned or de-tailed to those entities.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2279 the following new item: 
‘‘2279a. Principal Advisor on Space Control.’’. 
SEC. 1603. COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE POSI-TIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 135 of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by section 1602, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2279b. Council on Oversight of the Depart-
ment of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is within the De-
partment of Defense a council to be known as the ‘Council on Oversight of the Department of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’). 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the Coun-
cil shall be as follows: 
‘‘(1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Pol-
icy. 
‘‘(2) The Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-
quisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
‘‘(3) The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff. 
‘‘(4) The Commander of the United States 
Strategic Command. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6440 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(5) The Commander of the United States 
Northern Command. 
‘‘(6) The Commander of United States Cyber 
Command. 
‘‘(7) The Director of the National Security 
Agency. 
‘‘(8) The Chief Information Officer of the De-
partment of Defense. 
‘‘(9) The Secretaries of the military depart-
ments, who shall be ex officio members. 
‘‘(10) Such other officers of the Department of 
Defense as the Secretary may designate. 
‘‘(c) C O-CHAIR .—The Council shall be co- 
chaired by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—(1) The Council shall 
be responsible for oversight of the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing en-terprise, including positioning, navigation, and timing services provided to civil, commercial, sci-entific, and international users. 
‘‘(2) In carrying out the responsibility for 
oversight of the Department of Defense posi-tioning, navigation, and timing enterprise as specified in paragraph (1), the Council shall be responsible for the following: 
‘‘(A) Oversight of performance assessments 
(including interoperability). 
‘‘(B) Vulnerability identification and mitiga-
tion. 
‘‘(C) Architecture development. ‘‘(D) Resource prioritization. ‘‘(E) Such other responsibilities as the Sec-
retary of Defense shall specify for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the same time each 
year that the budget of the President is sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, the Council shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities of the Council. Each report shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) A description and assessment of the ac-
tivities of the Council during the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) A description of the activities proposed to 
be undertaken by the Council during the period covered by the current future-years defense pro-gram under section 221 of this title. 
‘‘(3) Any changes to the requirements of the 
Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise made during the previous year, along with an explanation for why the changes were made and a description of the ef-fects of the changes to the capability of such en-terprise. 
‘‘(4) A breakdown of each program element in 
such budget that relates to the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing en-terprise, including how such program element relates to the operation and sustainment, re-search and development, procurement, or other activity of such enterprise. 
‘‘(f) B
UDGET AND FUNDING MATTERS .—(1) Not 
later than 30 days after the President submits to Congress the budget for a fiscal year under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command shall submit to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment of— 
‘‘(A) whether such budget allows the Federal 
Government to meet the required capabilities of the Department of Defense positioning, naviga-tion, and timing enterprise during the fiscal year covered by the budget and the four subse-quent fiscal years; and 
‘‘(B) if the Commander determines that such 
budget does not allow the Federal Government to meet such required capabilities, a description of the steps being taken to meet such required capabilities. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff receives the assessment of the Commander of the United States Strategic Command under para-graph (1), the Chairman shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees— ‘‘(A) such assessment as it was submitted to 
the Chairman; and 
‘‘(B) any comments of the Chairman. ‘‘(3) If a House of Congress adopts a bill au-
thorizing or appropriating funds for the activi-ties of the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise that, as deter-mined by the Council, provides insufficient funds for such activities for the period covered by such bill, the Council shall notify the con-gressional defense committees of the determina-tion. 
‘‘(g) N
OTIFICATION OF ANOMALIES .—(1) The 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees written notification of an anomaly in the Department of Defense posi-tioning, navigation, and timing enterprise that is reported to the Secretary or the Council by not later than 14 days after the date on which the Secretary or the Council learns of such anomaly, as the case may be. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘anomaly’ 
means any unplanned, irregular, or abnormal event, whether unexplained or caused inten-tionally or unintentionally by a person or a sys-tem. 
‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION .—The Council shall termi-
nate on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 1602, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2279a the following new item: 
‘‘2279b. Council on Oversight of the Department 
of Defense Positioning, Naviga-tion, and Timing Enterprise.’’. 
SEC. 1604. MODIFICATION TO DEVELOPMENT OF 
SPACE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY. 
Section 2272 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2272. Space science and technology strat-
egy: coordination 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense and the Director of 
National Intelligence shall jointly develop and implement a space science and technology strat-egy and shall review and, as appropriate, revise the strategy biennially. Functions of the Sec-retary under this section shall be carried out jointly by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the official of the Department of Defense designated as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space.’’. 
SEC. 1605. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY REGARD-
ING PURCHASE OF GLOBAL POSI-TIONING SYSTEM USER EQUIPMENT. 
Section 913 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2281 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION OF WAIVER  
AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may not 
delegate the authority to make a waiver under subsection (c) to an official below the level of the Secretaries of the military departments or the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.’’. 
SEC. 1606. ROCKET PROPULSION SYSTEM DEVEL-
OPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) S TREAMLINED ACQUISITION .—Section 1604 
of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2273 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) S
TREAMLINED ACQUISITION .—In devel-
oping the rocket propulsion system required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use a streamlined acquisition approach, 
including tailored documentation and review processes, that enables the effective, efficient, and expedient transition from the use of non-al-
lied space launch engines to a domestic alter-native for national security space launches; and 
‘‘(2) prior to establishing such acquisition ap-
proach, establish well-defined requirements with a clear acquisition strategy.’’. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In accordance with para-
graph (2), of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the rocket propulsion sys-tem required by section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, the Secretary of Defense may obligate or expend such funds only for the development of such system, and the necessary interfaces to, or inte-gration of, the launch vehicle, to replace non- allied space launch engines by 2019 as required by such section. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The funds speci-
fied in paragraph (1)— 
(A) may be used for the integration of the 
rocket propulsion system covered by such para-graph with an existing or new launch vehicle; and 
(B) may not be used to develop or procure a 
new launch vehicle or related infrastructure. 
(c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide to the congres-sional defense committee a briefing on— 
(1) the streamlined acquisition approach, re-
quirements, and acquisition strategy required under subsection (c) of section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as added by subsection (a); and 
(2) the plan for the development and fielding 
of a full-up rocket propulsion system pursuant to such section 1604. 
SEC. 1607. EXCEPTION TO THE PROHIBITION ON 
CONTRACTING WITH RUSSIAN SUP-PLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
Paragraph (1) of section 1608(c) of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply to any of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) The placement of orders or the exercise 
of options under the contract numbered FA8811– 13–C–0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013. 
‘‘(B) Subject to paragraph (2), contracts 
awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities that include the use of not more than a total of five rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Rus-sian Federation that prior to February 1, 2014, were either fully paid for by the contractor or covered by a legally binding commitment of the contractor to fully pay for such rocket engines. 
‘‘(C) Contracts not covered under subpara-
graph (A) or (B) that are awarded for the pro-curement of property or services for space launch activities that include the use of not more than a total of four additional rocket en-gines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation.’’. 
SEC. 1608. ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR EVOLVED 
EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) T REATMENT OF CERTAIN ARRANGEMENT .— 
(1) D ISCONTINUATION .—The Secretary of the 
Air Force shall discontinue the evolved expend-able launch vehicle launch capability arrange-ment, as structured as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, for— 
(A) existing contracts using rocket engines de-
signed or manufactured in the Russian Federa-tion by not later than December 31, 2019; and 
(B) existing contracts using domestic rocket 
engines by not later than December 31, 2020. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive para-
graph (1) if the Secretary— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6441 September 29, 2015 
(A) determines that such waiver is necessary 
for the national security interests of the United States; 
(B) notifies the congressional defense commit-
tees of such waiver; and 
(C) a period of 90 days has elapsed following 
the date of such notification. 
(b) C
ONSISTENT STANDARDS .—In accordance 
with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall— 
(1) apply consistent and appropriate stand-
ards to certified evolved expendable launch ve-hicle providers with respect to certified cost and pricing data; and 
(2) conduct the appropriate audits. (c) A
CQUISITION STRATEGY .—In accordance 
with subsections (a) and (b) and section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall develop and carry out a 10-year phased acquisi-tion strategy, including near and long term, for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. 
(d) E
LEMENTS .—The acquisition strategy 
under subsection (c) for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program shall— 
(1) provide the necessary— 
(A) stability in budgeting and acquisition of 
capabilities; 
(B) flexibility to the Federal Government; and (C) procedures for fair competition; and (2) specifically take into account, as appro-
priate per competition, the effect of— 
(A) contracts or agreements for launch serv-
ices or launch capability entered into by the De-partment of Defense and the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration with certified evolved expendable launch vehicle providers; 
(B) the requirements of the Department of De-
fense, including with respect to launch capabili-ties and pricing data, that are met by such pro-viders; 
(C) the cost of integrating a satellite onto a 
launch vehicle; and 
(D) any other matters the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
(e) C
OMPETITION .—In awarding any contract 
for launch services in a national security space mission pursuant to a competitive acquisition, the evaluation shall account for the value of the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capa-bility arrangement per contract line item num-bers in the bid price of the offeror as appro-priate per launch. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees, the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate a report on the acquisition strategy devel-oped under subsection (c). 
SEC. 1609. ALLOCATION OF FUNDING FOR 
EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VE-HICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION AND JUSTIFICATION .—To-
gether with the budget of the President sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees— 
(1) a certification that the cost share between 
the Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office for the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability program equitably reflects the appropriate allocation of funding for the Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, respectively, based on the launch schedule and national mission forecast; and 
(2) sufficient rationale to justify such cost 
share. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(3) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate. SEC. 1610. CONSOLIDATION OF ACQUISITION OF 
WIDEBAND SATELLITE COMMUNICA-TIONS. 
(a) P LAN.— 
(1) C ONSOLIDATION .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a plan for the consoli-dation, during the one-year period beginning on the date on which the plan is submitted, of the acquisition of wideband satellite communica-tions necessary to meet the requirements of the Department of Defense for such communica-tions, including with respect to military and commercial satellite communications. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under paragraph (1) 
shall include— 
(A) an assessment of the management and 
overhead costs relating to the acquisition of commercial satellite communications services across the Department of Defense; 
(B) an estimate of— (i) the costs of implementing the consolidation 
of the acquisition of such services described in paragraph (1); and 
(ii) the projected savings of the consolidation; (C) the identification and designation of a 
single acquisition agent pursuant to paragraph (3)(A); and 
(D) the roles and responsibilities of officials of 
the Department, including pursuant to para-graph (3). 
(3) S
INGLE ACQUISITION AGENT .— 
(A) Except as provided by subparagraph (B), 
under the plan under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Defense shall identify and designate a single senior official of the Department of De-fense to procure wideband satellite communica-tions necessary to meet the requirements of the Department of Defense for such communica-tions, including with respect to military and commercial satellite communications. 
(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), under 
the plan under paragraph (1), an official de-scribed in subparagraph (C) may carry out the procurement of commercial wideband satellite communications if the official determines that such procurement is required to meet an urgent need. 
(C) An official described in this subparagraph 
is any of the following: 
(i) A Secretary of a military department. (ii) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics. 
(iii) The Chief Information Office of the De-
partment of Defense. 
(iv) A commander of a combatant command. (4) V
ALIDATION .—The Director of Cost Assess-
ment and Program Evaluation shall validate the assessment required by subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2) and the estimates required by subparagraph (B) of such paragraph. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided by para-
graph (2), the Secretary of Defense shall com-plete the implementation of the plan under sub-section (a) by not later than one year after the date on which the Secretary submits the plan under such paragraph. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the im-
plementation of the plan under subsection (a) if the Secretary— 
(A) determines that— (i) such implementation will require signifi-
cant additional funding; or 
(ii) such waiver is in the interests of national 
security; and 
(B) submits to the congressional defense com-
mittees notice of such waiver and the justifica-tions for such waiver. 
SEC. 1611. ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES FOR 
WIDE-BAND COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct an analysis of alternatives for a follow-on wide-band communications system to the Wideband Global SATCOM System that in-cludes space, air, and ground layer communica-tions capabilities of the Department of Defense. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 
31, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the analysis conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1612. EXPANSION OF GOALS AND MODIFICA-
TION OF PILOT PROGRAM FOR AC-QUISITION OF COMMERCIAL SAT-ELLITE COMMUNICATION SERVICES. 
(a) C ARRYING OUT OF PILOT PROGRAM .—Sub-
section (a) of section 1605 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2208 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may de-
velop’’ and all that follows through ‘‘funds by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘shall develop and carry out a pilot program’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) M
ETHODS .—In carrying out the pilot pro-
gram under paragraph (1), the Secretary may use a variety of methods authorized by law to effectively and efficiently acquire commercial satellite communications services, including by carrying out multiple pathfinder activities under the pilot program.’’. 
(b) G
OALS.—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(5) demonstrates the potential to achieve 
order-of-magnitude improvements in satellite communications capability.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS AND BRIEFINGS .—Subsection (d) 
of such section is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R EPORTS .—’’ 
and inserting ‘‘R EPORTS AND BRIEFINGS .—’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘270 days’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) a description of the appropriate metrics 
established by the Secretary to meet the goals of the pilot program.’’; 
(3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) B
RIEFING .—At the same time as the Presi-
dent submits to Congress the budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the pilot program.’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by para-
graph (3) of this subsection)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expand-
ing the use of working capital funds to effec-tively and efficiently acquire’’ and inserting ‘‘the pilot program and whether the pilot pro-gram effectively and efficiently acquires’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘working capital funds as described in subpara-graph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘the pilot program’’. 
SEC. 1613. INTEGRATED POLICY TO DETER AD-
VERSARIES IN SPACE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall estab-
lish an interagency process to provide for the development of a policy to deter adversaries in space— 
(1) with the objectives of— (A) reducing risks to the United States and al-
lies of the United States in space; and 
(B) protecting and preserving the rights, ac-
cess, capabilities, use, and freedom of action of the United States in space and the right of the United States to respond to an attack in space and, if necessary, deny adversaries the use of space capabilities hostile to the national inter-ests of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6442 September 29, 2015 
(2) that integrates the interests and respon-
sibilities of the agencies participating in the process. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth the policy de-veloped pursuant to subsection (a). 
(2) F
UNDING RESTRICTION .—If the President 
has not submitted the policy developed under subsection (a) and the answers to Enclosure 1, regarding space control policy, of the classified annex to this Act, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives by the date required by paragraph (1), an amount equal to $10,000,000 of the amount authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available to the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2016 to provide support services to the Executive Office of the President shall be withheld from obligation or expenditure until the policy and such answers are submitted to such Committees. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1614. PROHIBITION ON RELIANCE ON CHINA 
AND RUSSIA FOR SPACE-BASED WEATHER DATA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that the Department of Defense does not rely on, or in the future plan to rely on, space-based weather data provided by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, the Government of the Russian Federation, or an entity owned or controlled by either such government for national security purposes. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a certification that the Sec-retary is in compliance with the prohibition under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1615. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR WEATHER SATELLITE FOLLOW-ON SYSTEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for the weather satellite follow-on system, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense provides to the 
congressional defense committees a briefing on the plan developed under subsection (b); and 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
certifies to the congressional defense committees that such plan will— 
(A) meet the requirements of the Department 
of Defense for cloud characterization and the-ater weather imagery; and 
(B) not negatively affect the commanders of 
the combatant commands. 
(b) P
LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a plan to address the requirements of the Department of Defense for cloud characteriza-tion and theater weather imagery. 
SEC. 1616. LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR THE DEFENSE METE-OROLOGICAL SATELLITE PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .— 
(1) F ISCAL YEAR 2016 FUNDS .—None of the 
funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Meteorological Satellite program or for the launch of Defense Meteorological Sat-ellite program satellite #20 (in this section re-ferred to as ‘‘DMSP20’’) may be obligated or ex-pended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly submit to the congressional defense committees the certification described in sub-section (b). 
(2) R
EMAINING FISCAL YEAR 2015 FUNDS .—Of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated or oth-erwise made available for fiscal year 2015 for the 
Defense Meteorological Satellite program or the launch of DMSP20 that remain available for ob-ligation as of the date of the enactment of this Act, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly submit to the congres-sional defense committees the certification de-scribed in subsection (b). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-
scribed in this subsection is a certification that— 
(1) the Joint Requirements Oversight Council 
has conducted a recent review and certification of the space-based environmental monitoring re-quirements while taking into consideration the changes in international allied plans and the feedback of the military departments and De-fense Agencies (as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code); 
(2) relying on civil and international contribu-
tions to meet space-based environmental moni-toring requirements is insufficient or is a risk to national security and launching DMSP20 will meet those requirements; 
(3) launching DMSP20 is the most affordable 
solution to meeting requirements validated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council; and 
(4) nonmaterial solutions within the Depart-
ment of Defense, the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration are in-capable of meeting the cloud characterization and theater weather requirements validated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council. 
(c) C
OMPARATIVE COST AND CAPABILITY AS-
SESSMENT .—If the Secretary and the Chairman 
determine that a material solution is required to meet the cloud characterization and theater weather requirements validated by the Joint Re-quirements Oversight Council, the Secretary and the Chairman shall jointly submit to the con-gressional defense committees a cost and capa-bility assessment that compares the cost of meet-ing those requirements with DMSP20 and with an alternate material solution that includes electro-optical infrared weather imaging or other comparable solutions. 
SEC. 1617. STREAMLINE OF COMMERCIAL SPACE 
LAUNCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that eliminating duplicative require-ments and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the commercial space sector. 
(b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress re-
affirms that the Secretary of Transportation, in overseeing and coordinating commercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
(1) promote commercial space launches and re-
entries by the private sector; 
(2) facilitate Government, State, and private 
sector involvement in enhancing United States launch sites and facilities; 
(3) protect public health and safety, safety of 
property, national security interests, and for-eign policy interests of the United States; and 
(4) consult with the head of another executive 
agency, including the Secretary of Defense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to pro-vide consistent application of licensing require-ments under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation under section 50918 of title 51, United States Code, and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of that title, shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, and the heads of other executive agen-cies, as appropriate— 
(A) to identify all requirements that are im-
posed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States relevant to any commercial launch of a launch 
vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehi-cle; and 
(B) to evaluate the requirements identified in 
subparagraph (A) and, in coordination with the licensee or transferee and the heads of the rel-evant executive agencies— 
(i) determine whether the satisfaction of a re-
quirement of one agency could result in the sat-isfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
(ii) resolve any inconsistencies and remove 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Secretary of Transportation determines no outmoded or duplicative require-ments or approvals of the Federal Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the commercial space sec-tor, and the heads of other executive agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
(A) A description of the process for the appli-
cation for and approval of a permit or license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, for the commercial launch of a launch ve-hicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle, including the identification of— 
(i) any unique requirements for operating on 
a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplicative 
requirements or approvals. 
(B) A description of current efforts, if any, to 
coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency require-ments. 
(C) Recommendations for legislation that may 
further— 
(i) streamline requirements in order to improve 
efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve in-consistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
(ii) consolidate or modify requirements across 
affected agencies into a single application set that satisfies the requirements identified in paragraph (1)(A). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
(A) any applicable definitions set forth in sec-
tion 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
(B) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’’ means— 
(i) the congressional defense committees; (ii) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; 
(iii) the Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology of the House of Representatives; and 
(iv) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives; 
(C) the terms ‘‘launch’’, ‘‘reenter’’, and ‘‘re-
entry’’ include landing of a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle; and 
(D) the terms ‘‘United States Government 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government re-entry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially operated on United States Government property. 
SEC. 1618. PLAN ON FULL INTEGRATION AND EX-
PLOITATION OF OVERHEAD PER-SISTENT INFRARED CAPABILITY. 
(a) P LAN.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Command and the Director of Cost Assessment and Pro-gram Evaluation, in coordination with the Di-rector of National Intelligence, shall jointly sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6443 September 29, 2015 
a plan for the integration of overhead persistent 
infrared capabilities to support the missions specified in subsection (b)(1). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) 
shall— 
(1) ensure that all overhead persistent infra-
red capabilities of the United States, including such capabilities that are planned to be devel-oped, are integrated to allow for such capabili-ties to be exploited to support the requirements of the missions of the Department of Defense re-lating to— 
(A) strategic and theater missile warning; (B) ballistic and cruise missile defense, includ-
ing with respect to missile tracking, fire control, and kill assessment; 
(C) technical intelligence supporting missile 
warning; 
(D) battlespace awareness; (E) other technical intelligence; (F) civil and environmental missions, includ-
ing with respect to the collection of weather data; and 
(G) battle damage assessments; and (2) establish clear benchmarks by which to es-
tablish acquisition plans, manning, and budget requirements. 
(c) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall include, together with, or not later than 30 days after, the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Department of Defense for a fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), a written determination of how the plan under subsection (a) is being im-plemented. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1619. OPTIONS FOR RAPID SPACE RECON-
STITUTION. 
(a) E VALUATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall evaluate options for the use of current as-sets of the Department of Defense for the pur-pose of rapid reconstitution of critical space- based warfighter enabling capabilities. 
(b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 31, 2016, 
the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the evaluation conducted under subsection (a), including devel-opment timelines, a test plan, and technology readiness levels of key systems and technologies. 
SEC. 1620. EVALUATION OF EXPLOITATION OF 
SPACE-BASED INFRARED SYSTEM AGAINST ADDITIONAL THREATS. 
(a) E VALUATION .—The Commander of the 
United States Strategic Command, in coopera-tion with the Secretary of the Navy, the Sec-retary of the Air Force, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Commander of the United States Northern Command, shall conduct an evaluation of space-based infrared systems to detect, track, and target, or to develop the capa-bility to detect, track, and target, the full range of threats to the United States, deployed mem-bers of the Armed Forces, and allies of the United States. 
(b) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Commander of the United States Stra-tegic Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate the evaluation under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1621. QUARTERLY REPORTS ON GLOBAL PO-
SITIONING SYSTEM III SPACE SEG-MENT, GLOBAL POSITIONING SYS-TEM OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEG-MENT, AND MILITARY GLOBAL POSI-TIONING SYSTEM USER EQUIPMENT ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of 
the Air Force shall submit to the Comptroller General of the United States a report and sup-porting documentation on the Global Posi-tioning System III space segment, the Global Po-sitioning System operational control segment, and the Military Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition programs. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to an ac-quisition program specified in that subsection, the following: 
(1) A statement of the status of the program 
with respect to cost, schedule, and performance. 
(2) A description of any changes to the re-
quirements of the program. 
(3) A description of any technical risks im-
pacting the cost, schedule, and performance of the program. 
(4) An assessment of how such risks are to be 
addressed and the costs associated with such risks. 
(5) An assessment of the extent to which the 
segments of the program are synchronized. 
(c) B
RIEFINGS BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— 
The Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on a report submitted under subsection (a)— 
(1) in the case of the first such report, not 
later than 30 days after receiving that report; and 
(2) as the Comptroller General considers ap-
propriate thereafter. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .—The requirement under 
subsection (a) shall terminate with respect to an acquisition program specified in that subsection on the date on which that program reaches ini-tial operational capability. 
SEC. 1622. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MISSILE DE-
FENSE SENSORS IN SPACE. 
It is the sense of Congress that a robust multi- 
mission space sensor network will be vital to en-suring a strong missile defense system. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-Related Activities 
SEC. 1631. EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR OPEN-SOURCE 
INTELLIGENCE TOOLS. 
(a) E XECUTIVE AGENT.—Subchapter I of chap-
ter 21 of title 10, United States Code, as amend-ed by section 1083, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 430b. Executive agent for open-source intel-
ligence tools 
‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense to serve as the executive agent for the Department for open-source intelligence tools. 
‘‘(b) R
OLES, RESPONSIBILITIES , ANDAUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) Not later than July 1, 2016, in accord-
ance with Directive 5101.1, the Secretary shall prescribe the roles, responsibilities, and authori-ties of the executive agent designated under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(2) The roles and responsibilities of the exec-
utive agent designated under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Developing and maintaining a com-
prehensive list of open-source intelligence tools and technical standards. 
‘‘(B) Establishing priorities for the develop-
ment, acquisition, and integration of open- source intelligence tools into the intelligence en-terprise, and other command and control sys-tems as needed. 
‘‘(C) Certifying all open-source intelligence 
tools with respect to compliance with the stand-ards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Informa-tion Environment. 
‘‘(D) Assessing and making recommendations 
regarding the protection of privacy in the acqui-sition, analysis, and dissemination of open- source information available around the world. 
‘‘(E) Performing such other assessments or 
analyses as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(c) S
UPPORT WITHIN DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .—In accordance with Directive 5101.1, the 
Secretary shall ensure that the military depart-ments, the Defense Agencies, and other elements of the Department of Defense provide the execu-tive agent designated under subsection (a) with the appropriate support and resources needed to perform the roles, responsibilities, and authori-ties of the executive agent. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘Directive 5101.1’ means Depart-
ment of Defense Directive 5101.1, or any suc-cessor directive relating to the responsibilities of an executive agent of the Department of De-fense. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘executive agent’ has the mean-
ing given the term ‘DoD Executive Agent’ in Di-rective 5101.1. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘open-source intelligence tools’ 
means tools for the systematic collection, proc-essing, and analysis of publicly available infor-mation for known or anticipated intelligence re-quirements.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 430a, as added by section 1083, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘430b. Executive agent for open-source intel-
ligence tools.’’. 
SEC. 1632. WAIVER AND CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFI-
CATION REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO FACILITIES FOR INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION OR FOR SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS ABROAD. 
(a) A DDITION OF CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICA -
TION REQUIREMENT .—Section 2682(c) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Secretary of 
Defense’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) Not later than 48 hours after using the 
waiver authority under paragraph (1) for any facility for intelligence collection conducted under the authorities of the Department of De-fense or special operations activity, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees written notifica-tion of the use of the authority, including the justification for the waiver and the estimated cost of the project for which the waiver applies. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate 
congressional committees’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) With respect to a waiver regarding spe-
cial operations activities, the congressional de-fense committees. 
‘‘(B) With respect to a waiver regarding intel-
ligence collection conducted under the authori-ties of the Department of Defense— 
‘‘(i) the congressional defense committees; and ‘‘(ii) the Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representa-tives.’’. 
(b) C
ODIFICATION OF SUNSET PROVISION .— 
(1) C ODIFICATION .—Section 2682(c) of title 10, 
United States Code, is further amended by in-serting after paragraph (3), as added by sub-section (a)(2), the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) The waiver authority provided by para-
graph (1) expires December 31, 2020.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Subsection (b) of 
section 926 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1541; 10 U.S.C. 2682 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1633. PROHIBITION ON NATIONAL INTEL-
LIGENCE PROGRAM CONSOLIDA-TION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to execute— 
(1) the separation of the National Intelligence 
Program budget from the Department of Defense budget; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6444 September 29, 2015 
(2) the consolidation of the National Intel-
ligence Program budget within the Department of Defense budget; or 
(3) the establishment of a new appropriations 
account or appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) N ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM .—The 
term ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
(2) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM BUDG -
ET.—The term ‘‘National Intelligence Program 
budget’’ means the portions of the Department of Defense budget designated as part of the Na-tional Intelligence Program. 
SEC. 1634. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTEL-LIGENCE. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for In-telligence, not more than 75 percent may be obli-gated or expended for such Office until the Sec-retary of Defense identifies the intelligence gaps and establishes the written policy required by section 922 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 828). 
SEC. 1635. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTEL-
LIGENCE NEEDS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees and the congres-sional intelligence committees a report on how the Director ensures that the National Intel-ligence Program budgets for the elements of the intelligence community that are within the De-partment of Defense are adequate to satisfy the national intelligence needs of the Department as required under section 102A(p) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(p)). Such re-port shall include a description of how the Di-rector incorporates the needs of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the commanders of the unified and specified commands into the metrics used to evaluate the performance of the elements of the intelligence community that are within the Department of Defense in conducting intelligence activities funded under the National Intelligence Program. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’, ‘‘intel-ligence community’’, and ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 1636. REPORT ON MANAGEMENT OF CER-
TAIN PROGRAMS OF DEFENSE IN-TELLIGENCE ELEMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the management of science and tech-nology research and development programs and foreign materiel exploitation programs of De-fense intelligence elements. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the management of each 
Defense intelligence element that is responsible for work relating to the programs described in subsection (a), including with respect to the policies, procedures, and organizational struc-tures of such element relating to the manage-ment and coordination of such work across such elements. 
(2) Recommendations to improve the coordina-
tion and organization of such elements. 
(3) Identification of options for realigning 
such elements within the Department of Defense to better meet the needs of the Department and reduce unnecessary overhead. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘Defense intelligence element’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 429(e) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1637. REPORT ON AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE RQ–4 GLOB-AL HAWK MISSION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the feasibility of using the Air National Guard in association with the active duty Air Force to operate and maintain the RQ–4 Global Hawk. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the costs, training re-
quirements, and personnel required to create an association for the Global Hawk mission con-sisting of members of the Air Force serving on active duty and members of the Air National Guard. 
(2) The capacity of the Air National Guard to 
support an association described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1638. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REVIEW OF INTELLIGENCE INPUT TO THE DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION PROCESS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall carry out a comprehensive review of the processes and procedures for the integration of intelligence into the defense ac-quisition process, consistent with the provision of classified information, and intelligence sources and methods. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The review required by 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify processes and procedures for the 
integration of intelligence into the decision process, including with respect to the staffing and training of Defense intelligence personnel assigned to program offices, for the acquisition of weapon systems from initial requirements through the milestones process and upon final delivery; and 
(2) include a review of processes and proce-
dures for— 
(A) the integration of intelligence on foreign 
capabilities into the acquisition process from ini-tial requirement through deployment; 
(B) identifying opportunities for weapons sys-
tems to collect intelligence, without regard to whether that is the primary mission of such sys-tems, and the plans for exploiting the collection of such intelligence; and 
(C) assessing the requirements weapon systems 
will place on the Defense Intelligence Enterprise once the weapons systems are deployed. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the review required by subsection (a). 
Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
SEC. 1641. CODIFICATION AND ADDITION OF LI-
ABILITY PROTECTIONS RELATING TO REPORTING ON CYBER INCIDENTS OR PENETRATIONS OF NETWORKS AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS OF CERTAIN CONTRACTORS. 
(a) C ODIFICATION AND AMENDMENT .—Section 
941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1889; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is transferred to chapter 19 of title 10, United States Code, in-serted so as to appear after section 392, redesig-nated as section 393, and amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read 
as follows: 
‘‘§ 393. Reporting on penetrations of networks 
and information systems of certain contrac-tors’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (3) of subsection (c) 
and inserting the following new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The 
procedures established pursuant to subsection (a) shall limit the dissemination of information obtained or derived through such procedures to entities— 
‘‘(A) with missions that may be affected by 
such information; 
‘‘(B) that may be called upon to assist in the 
diagnosis, detection, or mitigation of cyber inci-dents; 
‘‘(C) that conduct counterintelligence or law 
enforcement investigations; or 
‘‘(D) for national security purposes, including 
cyber situational awareness and defense pur-poses.’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY OF  
CLEARED DEFENSE CONTRACTORS .—(1) No cause 
of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any cleared defense contractor, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for compliance with this section that is conducted in accordance with the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a). 
‘‘(2)(A) Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued— 
‘‘(i) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against a cleared defense contractor that has engaged in willful misconduct in the course of complying with the procedures established pur-suant to subsection (a); or 
‘‘(ii) to undermine or limit the availability of 
otherwise applicable common law or statutory defenses. 
‘‘(B) In any action claiming that paragraph 
(1) does not apply due to willful misconduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the plaintiff shall have the burden of proving by clear and con-vincing evidence the willful misconduct by each cleared defense contractor subject to such claim and that such willful misconduct proximately caused injury to the plaintiff. 
‘‘(C) In this subsection, the term ‘willful mis-
conduct’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
‘‘(i) intentionally to achieve a wrongful pur-
pose; 
‘‘(ii) knowingly without legal or factual jus-
tification; and 
‘‘(iii) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit.’’. 
(b) A
DDITION OF LIABILITY PROTECTIONS FOR  
REPORTING ON CYBER INCIDENTS .—Section 391 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) P ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY OF OPER-
ATIONALLY CRITICAL CONTRACTORS .—(1) No 
cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any operationally critical con-tractor, and such action shall be promptly dis-missed, for compliance with this section that is conducted in accordance with procedures estab-lished pursuant to subsection (b). 
‘‘(2)(A) Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued— 
‘‘(i) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against an operationally critical contractor that has engaged in willful misconduct in the course of complying with the procedures established pursuant to subsection (b); or 
‘‘(ii) to undermine or limit the availability of 
otherwise applicable common law or statutory defenses. 
‘‘(B) In any action claiming that paragraph 
(1) does not apply due to willful misconduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the plaintiff shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6445 September 29, 2015 
have the burden of proving by clear and con-
vincing evidence the willful misconduct by each operationally critical contractor subject to such claim and that such willful misconduct proxi-mately caused injury to the plaintiff. 
‘‘(C) In this subsection, the term ‘willful mis-
conduct’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
‘‘(i) intentionally to achieve a wrongful pur-
pose; 
‘‘(ii) knowingly without legal or factual jus-
tification; and 
‘‘(iii) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 391 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘and with section 941 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘and section 393 of this title’’. 
(2) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 19 of such title is amended— 
(A) by amending the item relating to section 
391 to read as follows: 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with respect 
to networks and information sys-tems of operationally critical con-tractors and certain other con-tractors.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
item: 
‘‘393. Reporting on penetrations of networks 
and information systems of cer-tain contractors.’’. 
SEC. 1642. AUTHORIZATION OF MILITARY CYBER 
OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 130g. Authorities concerning military cyber 
operations 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall develop, pre-
pare, and coordinate; make ready all armed forces for purposes of; and, when appropriately authorized to do so, conduct, a military cyber operation in response to malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power (as such terms are defined in section 101 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘130g. Authorities concerning military cyber op-
erations.’’. 
SEC. 1643. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS PENDING THE SUBMISSION OF INTEGRATED POLICY TO DETER ADVERSARIES IN CYBERSPACE. 
Until the President submits to the congres-
sional defense committees the report required by section 941 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 837), $10,000,000 of the unobligated bal-ance of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense to provide support services to the Executive Office of the President may not be obligated or ex-pended. 
SEC. 1644. AUTHORIZATION FOR PROCUREMENT 
OF RELOCATABLE SENSITIVE COM-PARTMENTED INFORMATION FACIL-ITY. 
Of the unobligated amounts appropriated or 
otherwise made available in fiscal years 2014 and 2015 for procurement for the Army, not more than $10,600,000 may be used for the pro-curement of a relocatable Sensitive Compart-mented Information Facility for the Cyber Cen-ter of Excellence at Fort Gordon, Georgia, as de-scribed in the reprogramming action prior ap-proval request submitted by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to Congress on Feb-
ruary 6, 2015. 
SEC. 1645. DESIGNATION OF MILITARY DEPART-
MENT ENTITY RESPONSIBLE FOR AC-QUISITION OF CRITICAL CYBER CA-PABILITIES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall designate an entity with-in a military department to be responsible for the acquisition of each critical cyber capability described in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
RITICAL CYBER CAPABILITIES DESCRIBED .— 
The critical cyber capabilities described in this paragraph are the cyber capabilities that the Secretary considers critical to the mission of the Department of Defense, including the following: 
(A) The Unified Platform described in the De-
partment of Defense document titled ‘‘The De-partment of Defense Cyber Strategy’’ dated April 15, 2015. 
(B) A persistent cyber training environment. (C) A cyber situational awareness and battle 
management system. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the information described in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following with respect to the critical cyber capabilities described in sub-section (a)(2): 
(A) Identification of each critical cyber capa-
bility and the entity of a military department re-sponsible for the acquisition of the capability. 
(B) Estimates of the funding requirements and 
acquisition timelines for each critical cyber ca-pability. 
(C) An explanation of whether critical cyber 
capabilities could be acquired more quickly with changes to acquisition authorities. 
(D) Such recommendations as the Secretary 
may have for legislation or administrative ac-tion to improve the acquisition of, or to acquire more quickly, the critical cyber capabilities for which designations are made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1646. ASSESSMENT OF CAPABILITIES OF 
UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND TO DEFEND THE UNITED STATES FROM CYBER ATTACKS. 
(a) W ARGAMES .—The Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Prin-cipal Cyber Advisor, shall conduct a series of war games through the warfighting analysis di-vision of the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Directorate to assess the strategy, assumptions, and capabilities of the United States Cyber Command to prevent large-scale cyber attacks, by foreign powers with cyber at-tack capabilities comparable to the capabilities that China, Iran, North Korea, and Russia are expected to achieve in the years 2020 and 2025, from reaching United States targets. 
(b) F
INDINGS .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall convey to the congressional defense committees the find-ings of the Chairman with respect to the war games conducted under subsection (a). 
(c) F
OREIGN POWER DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1647. EVALUATION OF CYBER 
VULNERABILITIES OF MAJOR WEAP-ON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E VALUATION REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, in accordance with the plan under sub-section (b), complete an evaluation of the cyber vulnerabilities of each major weapon system of the Department of Defense by not later than De-cember 31, 2019. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive the 
requirement of paragraph (1) with respect to a weapon system or complete the evaluation of a weapon system required by such paragraph after the date specified in such paragraph if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees before that date that all known cyber vulnerabilities in the weapon system have minimal consequences for the capability of the weapon system to meet operational requirements or otherwise satisfy mission requirements. 
(b) P
LAN FOR EVALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees the plan of the Secretary for the evaluations of major weapon systems under sub-section (a), including an identification of each of the weapon systems to be evaluated and an estimate of the funding required to conduct the evaluations. 
(2) P
RIORITY IN EVALUATIONS .—The plan 
under paragraph (1) shall accord a priority among evaluations based on the criticality of major weapon systems, as determined by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff based on an assessment of employment of forces and threats. 
(3) I
NTEGRATION WITH OTHER EFFORTS .—The 
plan under paragraph (1) shall build upon exist-ing efforts regarding the identification and miti-gation of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems, and shall not duplicate similar ongoing efforts such as Task Force Cyber Awakening of the Navy or Task Force Cyber Secure of the Air Force. 
(c) S
TATUS ON PROGRESS .—The Secretary shall 
inform the congressional defense committees of the activities undertaken in the evaluation of major weapon systems under this section as part of the quarterly cyber operations briefings under section 484 of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) R
ISKMITIGATION STRATEGIES .—As part of 
the evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems of the Department under this section, the Secretary shall develop strategies for mitigating the risks of cyber vulnerabilities identified in the course of such evaluations. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evalua-tion, Defense-wide, not more than $200,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary to conduct the evaluations under subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 1648. COMPREHENSIVE PLAN AND BIENNIAL 
EXERCISES ON RESPONDING TO CYBER ATTACKS. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF DEPARTMENT OF  
DEFENSE TO SUPPORT CIVILAUTHORITIES IN RE-
SPONSE TO CYBER ATTACKS BY FOREIGN POW-
ERS.— 
(1) P LAN REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a comprehen-sive plan for the United States Cyber Command to support civil authorities in responding to cyber attacks by foreign powers (as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)) against the United States or a United States person. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
paragraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) A plan for internal Department of Defense 
collective training activities that are integrated with exercises conducted with other agencies and State and local governments. 
(ii) Plans for coordination with the heads of 
other Federal agencies and State and local gov-ernments pursuant to the exercises required under clause (i). 
(iii) A list of any other exercises previously 
conducted that are used in the formulation of the plan required by subparagraph (A), such as Operation Noble Eagle. 
(iv) Descriptions of the roles, responsibilities, 
and expectations of Federal, State, and local authorities as the Secretary understands them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6446 September 29, 2015 
(v) Descriptions of the roles, responsibilities, 
and expectations of the active components and reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
(vi) A description of such legislative and ad-
ministrative action as may be necessary to carry out the plan required by subparagraph (A). 
(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES REVIEW OF PLAN .—The Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall review the plan developed under paragraph (1)(A). 
(b) B
IENNIAL EXERCISES ON RESPONDING TO  
CYBER ATTACKS AGAINST CRITICAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE.— 
(1) B IENNIAL EXERCISES REQUIRED .—Not less 
frequently than once every two years until the date that is six years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, and the heads of the critical infrastructure sector-specific agencies designated under Presi-dential Policy Directive-21 (titled ‘‘Critical In-frastructure Security Resilience’’ and dated February 12, 2013) and in consultation with Governors of the States and the owners and op-erators of critical infrastructure, organize and execute one or more exercises based on scenarios in which— 
(A) critical infrastructure of the United States 
is attacked through cyberspace; and 
(B) the President directs the Secretary of De-
fense to— 
(i) defend the United States; and (ii) provide support to civil authorities in re-
sponding to and recovering from cyber attacks, while exercising any guidance derived from the plan developed under subsection (a) or any sub-sequent updates to that plan. 
(2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the exercises 
required by paragraph (1) are as follows: 
(A) To exercise command and control, coordi-
nation, communications, and information shar-ing capabilities under the stressing conditions of an ongoing cyber attack. 
(B) To identify gaps and problems that require 
new enhanced training, capabilities, procedures, or authorities. 
(C) To identify— (i) interdependencies; (ii) strengths that should be leveraged; and (iii) weaknesses that need to be mitigated. (3) R
EQUIREMENT FOR VARIATION OF ASSUMP -
TIONS AND CONDITIONS .—In conducting the exer-
cises required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that there is an appropriate degree of variation from exercise to exercise of the fol-lowing: 
(A) The size, scope, duration, and sophistica-
tion of the cyber attacks. 
(B) The degree of warning and knowledge 
that is available to the Department of Defense about the attack, the means used in the attack, and the degree of delegation of authority from the President to react, including with pre- planned responses. 
(C) The effectiveness of the National Mission 
Force of the United States Cyber Command in preempting and defeating the attack. 
(D) The effectiveness of the attacks on critical 
infrastructure in general and particularly in specific industry sectors. 
(E) The effectiveness of resilience and recov-
ery mechanisms. 
(4) C
OST-SHARING AGREEMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall coordinate with those with whom the Secretary is required to coordinate under paragraph (1) to develop equitable cost-sharing agreements to defray the expenses of the exer-cises required by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1649. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REVIEWING 
AND CONSIDERING FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF COUNCIL OF GOVERNORS ON CYBER CAPABILI-TIES OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary 
of Defense should review and consider any find-ings and recommendations of the Council of Governors established under section 1822 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 500; 32 U.S.C. 104 note) pertaining to cyber mission force require-ments and any proposed reductions in and syn-chronization of the cyber capabilities of active or reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1651. ASSESSMENT OF THREATS TO NA-
TIONAL LEADERSHIP COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM. 
Section 171a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and 
(h), as subsections (g), (h), and (i), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsection (f): 
‘‘(f) C OLLECTION OF ASSESSMENTS ON CERTAIN  
THREATS .—The Council shall collect and assess 
(consistent with the provision of classified infor-mation and intelligence sources and methods) all reports and assessments otherwise conducted by the intelligence community (as defined in sec-tion 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) regarding foreign threats, in-cluding cyber threats, to the command, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States and the vulnerabilities of such system to such threats.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) An assessment of the threats and 
vulnerabilities described in the reports and as-sessments collected under subsection (f) during the previous year, including any plans to ad-dress such threats and vulnerabilities.’’. 
SEC. 1652. ORGANIZATION OF NUCLEAR DETER-
RENCE FUNCTIONS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) O VERSIGHT OF NUCLEAR DETERRENCE MIS-
SION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 805 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 8040. Oversight of nuclear deterrence mis-
sion 
‘‘(a) O
VERSIGHT OF NUCLEAR DETERRENCE  
MISSION .—Subject to the authority, direction, 
and control of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force shall be re-sponsible for overseeing the safety, security, re-liability, effectiveness, and credibility of the nu-clear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
‘‘(b) D
EPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF.—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, the Chief of Staff shall designate a Deputy Chief of Staff to carry out the fol-lowing duties: 
‘‘(1) Provide direction, guidance, integration, 
and advocacy regarding the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
‘‘(2) Conduct monitoring and oversight activi-
ties regarding the safety, security, reliability, ef-fectiveness, and credibility of the nuclear deter-rence mission of the Air Force. 
‘‘(3) Conduct periodic comprehensive assess-
ments of all aspects of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force and provide such as-sessments to the Secretary of the Air Force and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding after the item relating to section 8039 the following new item: 
‘‘8040. Oversight of nuclear deterrence mis-
sion.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
8033(d)(5) of such title is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including pursuant to section 8040 of this title’’. 
(d) C
ONSOLIDATION .— 
(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force should— 
(A) consolidate, to the extent the Secretary de-
termines appropriate, under a major command commanded by a single general officer the re-
sponsibility, authority, accountability, and re-sources for carrying out all aspects of the nu-clear deterrence mission of the Air Force, in-cluding with respect to nuclear weapons, nu-clear weapon delivery systems, and the nuclear command, control, and communications system; and 
(B) issue, including through the Chief of Staff 
of the Air Force and other elements of the Air Force, guidance, directives, and orders to carry out such consolidation. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 28, 
2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on any actions taken or planned to be taken by the Secretary to reorganize, streamline, and clarify the responsibilities, authorities, account-abilities, and resources for carrying out the nu-clear deterrence mission of the Air Force. Such report shall include the following: 
(A) How elements of the Air Force will coordi-
nate and integrate to carry out such mission. 
(B) What guidance, directives, and orders 
have been or will be issued by the Secretary, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, or other elements of the Air Force to ensure roles, responsibilities, authorities, and accountabilities are clear and institutionalized with respect to such mission. 
SEC. 1653. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-
TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Notwith-
standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2016 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4101, $13,700,000 shall be available for the procure-ment of covered parts pursuant to contracts en-tered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ Mckeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). 
(b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means commercially available off-the-shelf items as defined in sec-tion 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1654. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DE-ALERTING INTER-CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to re-duce, or prepare to reduce, the responsiveness or alert level of the intercontinental ballistic mis-siles of the United States. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply to any of the fol-lowing activities: 
(1) The maintenance or sustainment of inter-
continental ballistic missiles. 
(2) Ensuring the safety, security, or reliability 
of intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
(3) Reductions in the number of deployed 
intercontinental ballistic missiles that are car-ried out in compliance with— 
(A) the limitations of the New START Treaty 
(as defined in section 494(a)(2)(D) of title 10, United States Code); and 
(B) section 1644 of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ Mckeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3651; 10 U.S.C. 494 note). 
SEC. 1655. ASSESSMENT OF GLOBAL NUCLEAR EN-
VIRONMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Director of 
Net Assessment of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, shall conduct an as-sessment of the global environment with respect to nuclear weapons and the role of the nuclear forces, policy, and strategy of the United States in that environment. 
(b) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the assess-
ment required by subsection (a) are to inform 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6447 September 29, 2015 
the long-term planning of the Department of 
Defense and policies relating to regional nuclear crises and operations that may involve the esca-lation of nuclear competition among countries. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In conducting the assess-
ment required by subsection (a), the Director shall develop and analyze a range of contin-gencies and scenarios, including crises that may emerge from nuclear competition during the 10- to 20-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act that involve the following: 
(A) The United States and one other country 
that possesses a nuclear weapon. 
(B) The United States and multiple such 
countries. 
(C) Two other such countries. (D) Three or more other such countries. (E) Regional and cross-regional geography, 
including contingencies and scenarios in Eu-rope, the Middle East, South Asia, and East Asia, and contingencies and scenarios that transcend regions. 
(F) The long-term geopolitical and military- 
technical competition as it relates to nuclear weapons and strategic warfare. 
(2) A
NALYSIS OF COMPETITIVE DISCONTINU -
ITIES.—In analyzing the long-term geopolitical 
and military-technical competition as it relates to nuclear weapons and strategic warfare under paragraph (1)(F), the Director shall identify— 
(A) prospective discontinuities in that com-
petition; and 
(B) strategies and capabilities the United 
States could adopt to improve its competitive po-sition following such discontinuities. 
(d) S
TAFFING .—In conducting the assessment 
required by subsection (a), the Director shall en-gage the best talent available, with particular emphasis on engaging individuals and inde-pendent entities with demonstrated expertise in strategy and net assessment methodology. 
(e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than No-
vember 15, 2016, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the assessment required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1656. ANNUAL BRIEFING ON THE COSTS OF 
FORWARD-DEPLOYING NUCLEAR WEAPONS IN EUROPE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the President submits to Con-gress the budget for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense com-mittees a briefing on the costs of forward-de-ploying nuclear weapons in Europe (not includ-ing costs relating to the life extension program for the B61 nuclear bomb). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each briefing required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(1) The contributions of the United States, in-
cluding with respect to sustainment (operations and maintenance) and manpower, to support forward-deployed nuclear weapons in Europe, but not costs that are attributed to non-nuclear missions, during the fiscal year following the date of the briefing and the period covered by the future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, for that fiscal year. 
(2) Contributions made by the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization (NATO) or member states of NATO relating to the extended deterrence mission. 
(3) Recent or planned contributions of the 
United States for security enhancements (site- by-site) relating to support for such forward-de-ployed nuclear weapons and any other con-tributions, including burden-share costs by the United States, for other security enhancements and upgrades relating to such forward-deployed nuclear weapons, including infrastructure up-grades at weapons storage sites in Europe. 
SEC. 1657. REPORT ON THE NUMBER OF PLANNED 
LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPONS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees a report on the justification of the num-ber of planned nuclear-armed cruise missiles, known as the long-range standoff weapon, of the United States. The report shall include— 
(1) the rationale for procuring such planned 
number of cruise missiles; 
(2) how such planned number of cruise mis-
siles aligns with the nuclear employment strat-egy of the United States; 
(3) an estimate of the annual and total cost 
for research, development, test, and evaluation and procurement for such planned number of cruise missiles; and 
(4) an estimate of the proportional annual 
cost of such cruise missiles as compared to the annual cost of the nuclear triad and annual de-fense spending. 
SEC. 1658. REVIEW OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL 
OF THE UNITED STATES ON REC-OMMENDATIONS RELATING TO NU-CLEAR ENTERPRISE OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2021, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the process of the Department of Defense for ad-dressing the recommendations of the Depart-ment of Defense Internal Nuclear Enterprise Re-view, the Independent Review of the Depart-ment of Defense Nuclear Enterprise, and the Nuclear Deterrence Enterprise Review Group that are evaluated by the Director of Cost As-sessment and Program Evaluation. 
(b) B
RIEFING .—After conducting each review 
under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense com-mittees a briefing on the review. 
SEC. 1659. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ORGANIZA-
TION OF NAVY FOR NUCLEAR DETER-RENCE MISSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The safety, security, reliability, and credi-
bility of the nuclear deterrent of the United States is a vital national security priority. 
(2) Nuclear weapons require special consider-
ation because of the political and military im-portance of the weapons, the destructive power of the weapons, and the potential consequences of an accident or unauthorized act involving the weapons. 
(3) The assured safety, security, and control 
of nuclear weapons and related systems are of paramount importance. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Navy has repeatedly demonstrated the 
commitment and prioritization of the Navy to the nuclear deterrence mission of the Navy; 
(2) the emphasis of the Navy on ensuring a 
safe, secure, reliable, and credible sea-based nu-clear deterrent force has been matched by an equal emphasis on ensuring the assured safety, security, and control of nuclear weapons and related systems ashore; and 
(3) the Navy is commended for the actions the 
Navy has taken subsequent to the 2014 Nuclear Enterprise Review to ensure continued focus on the nuclear deterrent mission by all ranks with-in the Navy, including the clarification and as-signment of specific responsibilities and authori-ties within the Navy contained in OPNAV In-struction 8120.1 and SECNAV Instruction 8120.1B. 
SEC. 1660. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NU-
CLEAR FORCE IMPROVEMENT PRO-GRAM OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) On February 6, 2014, Air Force Global 
Strike Command initiated a force improvement program for the intercontinental ballistic missile force designed to improve mission effectiveness, strengthen culture and morale, and identify areas in need of investment by soliciting input from airmen performing intercontinental bal-listic missile operations. 
(2) The intercontinental ballistic missile force 
improvement program generated more than 300 recommendations to strengthen intercontinental 
ballistic missile operations and served as a model for subsequent force improvement pro-grams in other mission areas, such as bomber operations and sustainment. 
(3) On May 28, 2014, as part of the nuclear 
force improvement program, the Air Force an-nounced it would make immediate improvements in the nuclear mission of the Air Force, includ-ing enhancing career opportunities for airmen in the nuclear career field, ensuring training ac-tivities focused on performing the mission in the field, reforming the personnel reliability pro-gram, establishing special pay rates for positions in the nuclear career field, and creating a new service medal for nuclear deterrence operations. 
(4) Chief of Staff of the Air Force Mark Welsh 
has said that, as part of the nuclear force im-provement program, the Air Force will increase nuclear-manning levels and strengthen profes-sional development for the members of the Air Force supporting the nuclear mission of the Air Force in order ‘‘to address shortfalls and offer our airmen more stable work schedule and better quality of life’’. 
(5) Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee 
James, in recognition of the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force, proposed ele-vating the grade of the commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command from lieutenant general to general, and on March 30, 2015, the Senate confirmed a general as commander of that command. 
(6) The Air Force redirected more than 
$160,000,000 in fiscal year 2014 to alleviate ur-gent, near-term shortfalls within the nuclear mission of the Air Force as part of the nuclear force improvement program. 
(7) The Air Force plans to spend more than 
$200,000,000 on the nuclear force improvement program in fiscal year 2015, and requested more than $130,000,000 for the program for fiscal year 2016. 
(8) Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said on 
November 14, 2014, that ‘‘[t]he nuclear mission plays a critical role in ensuring the Nation’s safety. No other enterprise we have is more im-portant’’. 
(9) Secretary Hagel also said that the budget 
for the nuclear mission of the Air Force should increase by 10 percent over a five-year period. 
(10) Section 1652 of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3654; 10 U.S.C. 491 note) de-clares it the policy of the United States ‘‘to en-sure that the members of the Armed Forces who operate the nuclear deterrent of the United States have the training, resources, and na-tional support required to execute the critical national security mission of the members’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the nuclear mission of the Air Force should 
be a top priority for the Department of the Air Force and for Congress; 
(2) the members of the Air Force who operate 
and maintain the nuclear deterrent of the United States perform work that is vital to the security of the United States; 
(3) the nuclear force improvement program of 
the Air Force has made significant near-term improvements for the members of the Air Force in the nuclear career field of the Air Force; 
(4) Congress should support long-term invest-
ments in the Air Force nuclear enterprise that sustain the progress made under the nuclear force improvement program; 
(5) the Air Force should— (A) regularly inform Congress on the progress 
being made under the nuclear force improvement program and its efforts to strengthen the nu-clear enterprise; and 
(B) make Congress aware of any additional 
actions that should be taken to optimize per-formance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and maximize the strength of the strategic deter-rent of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6448 September 29, 2015 
(6) future budgets for the Air Force should re-
flect the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and the need to provide members of the Air Force assigned to the nuclear mission the best possible support and quality of life. 
SEC. 1661. SENSES OF CONGRESS ON IMPOR-
TANCE OF COOPERATION AND COL-LABORATION BETWEEN UNITED STATES AND UNITED KINGDOM ON NUCLEAR ISSUES AND ON 60TH AN-NIVERSARY OF FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. 
(a) C OLLABORATION BETWEEN UNITED STATES  
ANDUNITED KINGDOM .—It is the sense of Con-
gress that— 
(1) cooperation and collaboration under the 
1958 Mutual Defense Agreement and the 1963 Polaris Sales Agreement are fundamental ele-ments of the security of the United States and the United Kingdom as well as international stability; 
(2) the recent renewal of the Mutual Defense 
Agreement and the continued work under the Polaris Sales Agreement underscore the endur-ing and long-term value of the agreements to both countries; and 
(3) the vital efforts performed under the pur-
view of both the Mutual Defense Agreement and the Polaris Sales Agreement are critical to sus-taining and enhancing the capabilities and knowledge base of both countries regarding nu-clear deterrence, nuclear nonproliferation and counterproliferation, and naval nuclear propul-sion. 
(b) 60
THANNIVERSARY OF FLEET BALLISTIC  
MISSILE PROGRAM .—It is the sense of Congress 
that— 
(1) November 2015 marks the 60th anniversary 
of the Fleet Ballistic Missile Program of the Navy, which evolved from the Special Project Office established under President Dwight D. Eisenhower, and has provided credible, reliable, and affordable strategic deterrence solutions to the warfighter by producing more than 3,600 missiles over six different generations; 
(2) The current Trident II D5 missile system 
has provided a reliable deterrent for nearly 25 years onboard Ohio-class ballistic missile sub-marines and has demonstrated reliability that is second-to-none as evidenced by more than two decades of annual, operationally representative flight testing; 
(3) Congress congratulates the men and 
women of Strategic Systems Programs, their in-dustry partners, and the Marines, Sailors, and Coast Guardsmen who stand watch ensuring the safety, security, and credibility of the strategic weapons of the United States; and 
(4) Strategic Systems Programs, and the stra-
tegic weapon system the programs provide, are a vital and esteemed cornerstone of the security and defense of the United States and will re-main so well into the future. 
SEC. 1662. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PLAN FOR IM-
PLEMENTATION OF NUCLEAR EN-TERPRISE REVIEWS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense should develop a 
plan regarding how the Secretary plans to im-plement the recommendations of the two nuclear enterprise reviews, one of which was led by As-sistant Secretary of Defense Madelyn Creedon and Rear Admiral Peter Fanta and one of which was led by General Larry Welch (retired) and Admiral John Harvey, Jr. (retired); and 
(2) such plan should include a timeline for 
when each recommendation will be implemented and how any additional manpower resulting from such recommendations will be allocated. 
SEC. 1663. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND REPORT ON 
MILESTONE A DECISION ON LONG- RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of 
Congress that, to support the nuclear deterrence requirements of the United States Strategic Com-mand and ensure the credibility and reliability of the nuclear-capable air launched cruise mis-siles of the United States, Congress supports ef-forts by the Secretary of Defense to validate 
military requirements and make a Milestone A decision on the long-range standoff weapon. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than May 31, 2016, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the out-come of Milestone A decision for the long-range standoff weapon. 
SEC. 1664. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON POLICY ON 
THE NUCLEAR TRIAD. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the triad of strategic nuclear delivery sys-
tems plays a critical role in ensuring the na-tional security of the United States; and 
(2) retaining all three legs of the nuclear triad 
is among the highest priorities of the Depart-ment of Defense and will best maintain strategic stability at a reasonable cost, while hedging against potential technical problems and vulnerabilities. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of 
the United States— 
(1) to operate, sustain, and modernize or re-
place the triad of strategic nuclear delivery sys-tems consisting of— 
(A) heavy bombers equipped with nuclear 
gravity bombs and air-launched nuclear cruise missiles; 
(B) land-based intercontinental ballistic mis-
siles equipped with nuclear warheads that are capable of carrying multiple independently tar-getable reentry vehicles; and 
(C) ballistic missile submarines equipped with 
submarine launched ballistic missiles and mul-tiple nuclear warheads; 
(2) to operate, sustain, and modernize or re-
place a capability to forward-deploy nuclear weapons and dual-capable fighter-bomber air-craft; 
(3) to deter potential adversaries and assure 
allies and partners of the United States through strong and long-term commitment to the nuclear deterrent of the United States and the per-sonnel, systems, and infrastructure that com-prise such deterrent; 
(4) to ensure that the members of the Armed 
Forces who operate the nuclear deterrent of the United States have the training, resources, and national support required to execute the critical national security mission of the members; and 
(5) to achieve a modern and responsive nu-
clear infrastructure to support the full spectrum of deterrence requirements. 
SEC. 1665. REPORT RELATING TO THE COSTS AS-
SOCIATED WITH EXTENDING THE LIFE OF THE MINUTEMAN III INTER-CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report examining the costs associ-ated with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile compared to the costs associated with procuring a new ground-based strategic deterrent. 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs and 
Other Matters 
SEC. 1671. PROHIBITIONS ON PROVIDING CER-
TAIN MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMA-TION TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 10, United 
States Code, as amended by section 1642, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 130h. Prohibitions on providing certain 
missile defense information to Russian Fed-eration 
‘‘(a) C
ERTAIN ‘HIT-TO-KILL’ TECHNOLOGY AND  
TELEMETRY DATA.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with ‘hit-to-kill’ technology and te-lemetry data for missile defense interceptors or target vehicles. ‘‘(b) O
THER SENSITIVE MISSILE DEFENSE IN-
FORMATION .—None of the funds authorized to be 
appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with— 
‘‘(1) information relating to velocity at burn-
out of missile defense interceptors or targets of the United States; or 
‘‘(2) classified or otherwise controlled missile 
defense information. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions in sub-
section (a) and (b) shall not apply to the United States providing to the Russian Federation in-formation regarding ballistic missile early warn-ing. 
‘‘(d) S
UNSET .—The prohibitions in subsection 
(a) and (b) shall expire on January 1, 2017.’’. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 1642, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 130g the following new item: 
‘‘130h. Prohibitions on providing certain missile 
defense information to Russian Federation.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1246 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 922), as amended by section 1243 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3568), is further amend-ed— 
(1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
AND LIMITA -
TIONS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘ FEDERA -
TION’’. 
SEC. 1672. PROHIBITION ON INTEGRATION OF 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF RUS-SIAN FEDERATION INTO MISSILE DE-FENSE SYSTEMS OF UNITED STATES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2016 or 2017 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to inte-grate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States. 
SEC. 1673. PROHIBITION ON INTEGRATION OF 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF CHINA INTO MISSILE DEFENSE SYS-TEMS OF UNITED STATES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of De-fense may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the People’s Republic of China into any missile defense system of the United States. 
SEC. 1674. LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR PATRIOT LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITY OF THE ARMY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (c), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for any program described in subsection (b) may be obligated or expended unless— 
(1) the Secretary of the Army certifies to the 
congressional defense committees that the anal-ysis of alternatives regarding the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army has been submitted to such committees; 
(2) a period of 30 days has elapsed following 
the date on which the Secretary makes the cer-tification under paragraph (1); and 
(3) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics certifies to such committees that such obligation or expend-iture of funds on such programs is consistent with the findings of the analysis of alternatives described in paragraph (1) to modernize the Pa-triot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DESCRIBED .—A program de-
scribed in this subsection are the following com-ponents and capabilities of the Patriot air and missile defense system: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6449 September 29, 2015 
(1) Radar capability development, radar im-
provements, the digital sidelobe canceller, or the radar digital processor of the lower tier air and missile defense program of the Army. 
(2) The enhanced launcher electronic system. (c) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics may waive the limitations in subsection (a) if the Under Secretary— 
(1) determines that such waiver— 
(A) is caused by the delay of the analysis of 
alternatives described in paragraph (1) of such subsection; and 
(B) is necessary to avoid an unacceptable risk 
to mission performance; 
(2) notifies the congressional defense commit-
tees of such waiver; and 
(3) pursuant to such waiver, obligates or ex-
pends funds only in amounts necessary to avoid such unacceptable risk to mission performance. 
SEC. 1675. INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY 
OF AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NTEROPERABILITY OF MISSILE DEFENSE  
SYSTEMS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, act-ing through the Missile Defense Executive Board, shall ensure the interoperability and in-tegration of the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States, including by carrying out operational testing. 
(b) A
NNUAL DEMONSTRATION .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided by 
paragraph (2), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Secretary of the Army shall jointly ensure that not less than one inter-cept or flight test is carried out each year that demonstrates interoperability and integration among the covered air and missile defense capa-bilities of the United States. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Director and the Secretary 
may waive the requirement in paragraph (1) with respect to an intercept or flight test carried out during the year covered by the waiver if the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics— 
(A) determines that such waiver is necessary 
for such year; and 
(B) submits to the congressional defense com-
mittees notification of such waiver, including an explanation for how such waiver will not nega-tively affect demonstrating the interoperability and integration among the covered air and mis-sile defense capabilities of the United States. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered air and missile defense capabilities’’ means Patriot air and missile defense batteries and associated interceptors and systems, Aegis ships and associated ballistic missile interceptors (including Aegis Ashore capability), AN/TPY–2 radars, or terminal high altitude area defense batteries and interceptors. 
SEC. 1676. INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY 
OF ALLIED MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) A SSESSMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, each cov-ered commander shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment on opportunities for the in-tegration and interoperability of covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with such capabilities of allies of the United States located in the area of responsibility of the commander, particularly with respect to such allies who acquired such capabilities through foreign military sales by the United States. Each assessment shall include an assessment of the key technology, security, command and control, and policy requirements necessary to achieve such an integrated and interoperable air and missile defense capability in a manner that en-sures burden sharing and furthers the force multiplication goals of the United States. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which a covered commander submits to the Secretary and the Chairman an assess-
ment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing such assessment, without change. 
(b) I
NTEGRATION , INTEROPERABILITY , AND 
COMMAND -AND-CONTROL .—The Secretary and 
the Chairman, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Army, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Chief of Naval Operations, shall carry out the plan-ning, risk assessments, policy development, and concepts of operations necessary for each cov-ered commander to ensure that the integration (to the extent that specific integration arrange-ments are agreeable to the partner nation or among the partner nations involved in such ar-rangements), interoperability, and command- and-control of air and missile defense capabili-ties described in subsection (a)(1) occur by not later than December 31, 2017. 
(c) R
EPORTS .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter until December 31, 2017, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that de-scribes the progress made by the Secretary, the Chairman, and the covered commanders with re-spect to carrying out subsection (b), including an identification of each required action that has not been taken as of the date of the report. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered air and missile defense 
capabilities’’ means Patriot air and missile de-fense batteries and associated interceptors and systems, Aegis ships and associated ballistic mis-sile interceptors (including Aegis Ashore capa-bility), AN/TPY–2 radars, or terminal high alti-tude area defense batteries and interceptors. 
(2) The term ‘‘covered commander’’ means the 
following: 
(A) The Commander of the United States Eu-
ropean Command. 
(B) The Commander of the United States Cen-
tral Command. 
(C) The Commander of the United States Pa-
cific Command. 
SEC. 1677. MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY IN EU-
ROPE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the relevant combatant command, should ensure that arrangements are in place, including support from other members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the host nations, to provide anti-air defense capability at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland by not later than June 1, 2019. 
(b) R
EQUEST TO NATO.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, shall submit to NATO a request for NATO Security Investment Programme sup-port for an air defense capability at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate congressional committees as to whether NATO has agreed in principle to providing the support described in paragraph (1). 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate 
congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
(c) R
EPORT ON AIRDEFENSE CAPABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing— 
(A) the plan and budget profile to provide the 
air defense capability described in subsection (b)(1); (B) an assessment of any changes to the 
hosting agreements between the respective host nations and the United States; 
(C) an evaluation of the feasibility, benefit, 
and cost of using the evolved sea sparrow mis-sile, the standard missile 2, or other options as determined by the Secretary to provide such air defense capability; and 
(D) an assessment of the air and ballistic mis-
sile threat to the military installations of the United States in Europe, including the Naval Shore Facility in Devesulu, Romania, and the planned facility in Redzikowo, Poland. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report under paragraph (1) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) C
APABILITIES IN EUROPEAN COMMAND  
AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY .— 
(1) R OTATIONAL DEPLOYMENT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that a terminal high altitude area defense battery is available for rotational deployment to the area of responsibility of the United States European Command unless the Secretary notifies the con-gressional defense committees that such battery is needed in the area of responsibility of another combatant command. 
(2) P
RE-POSITIONING SITES .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall examine potential sites in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command to pre-position a terminal high alti-tude area defense battery. 
(3) S
TUDIES .— 
(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct studies to evaluate— 
(i) not fewer than three sites in the area of re-
sponsibility of the United States European Com-mand for the deployment of a terminal high alti-tude area defense battery in the event that the deployment of such a battery is determined to be necessary; and 
(ii) not fewer than three sites in such area for 
the deployment of a Patriot air and missile de-fense battery in the event that such a deploy-ment is determined to be necessary. 
(B) In evaluating sites under clauses (i) and 
(ii) of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall de-termine which sites are best for defending— 
(i) the Armed Forces of the United States; and (ii) the member states of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization. 
(4) A
GREEMENTS .—If the Secretary of Defense 
determines that a deployment described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (3)(A) is necessary and the appropriate host nation requests such a deployment, the President shall seek to enter into the necessary agreements with the host na-tion to carry out such deployment. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF CERTAIN DIRECTION .— 
The Secretary shall implement the direction re-lating to this section contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act. 
SEC. 1678. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR IRON 
DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DE-FENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by section 1502 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $41,400,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure radars for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system as specified in the funding table in section 4102, including for coproduction of such radars in the United States by industry of the United States. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .— 
(1) A GREEMENT .—Funds described in sub-
section (a) to produce the Iron Dome short- range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agree-ment Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement, signed on March 5, 2014, subject to an amended agreement for coproduction for radar components. In nego-tiations by the Missile Defense Agency and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6450 September 29, 2015 
Missile Defense Organization of the Government 
of Israel regarding such production, the goal of the United States is to maximize opportunities for coproduction of the radars described in sub-section (a) in the United States by industry of the United States. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
prior to the initial obligation of funds described in subsection (a), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees— 
(A) a certification that the agreement speci-
fied in paragraph (1) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and 
(B) an assessment detailing any risks relating 
to the implementation of such agreement. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1679. ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DE-
FENSE PROGRAM CODEVELOPMENT AND COPRODUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2016 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency— 
(1) not more than $150,000,000 may be provided 
to the Government of Israel to procure the Da-vid’s Sling Weapon System, including for co-production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry; and 
(2) not more than $15,000,000 may be provided 
to the Government of Israel for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, including for coproduction of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
(1) C RITERIA .—Except as provided by sub-
section (c), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a certification that— 
(A) the Government of Israel has dem-
onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and pro-duction readiness reviews required by the re-search, development, and technology agreements for the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Development Program, re-spectively; 
(B) such funds will be provided on the basis of 
a one-for-one cash match made by Israel for such respective systems or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mu-tually agreed to by the United States and Israel); 
(C) the United States has entered into a bilat-
eral agreement with Israel that establishes— 
(i) in accordance with subparagraph (D), the 
terms of coproduction of parts and components of such respective systems on the basis of the greatest practicable coproduction of parts, com-ponents, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes non-recurring engineering and facilitization ex-penses; 
(ii) complete transparency on the requirement 
of Israel for the number of interceptors and bat-teries of such respective systems that will be pro-cured, including with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; 
(iii) technical milestones for coproduction of 
parts and components and procurement of such respective systems; and 
(iv) joint approval processes for third-party 
sales of such respective systems and the compo-nents of such respective systems; and 
(D) the level of coproduction described in sub-
paragraph (C)(i) for the David’s Sling Weapon System is equal to or greater than 50 percent. (2) N
UMBER .—In carrying out paragraph (1), 
the Under Secretary may submit— 
(A) one certification covering both the David’s 
Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or 
(B) separate certifications for each such re-
spective system. 
(3) T
IMING .—The Under Secretary shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees the cer-tification under paragraph (1) by not later than 60 days before the funds specified in subsection (a) for the respective system covered by the cer-tification are provided to the Government of Israel. 
(c) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary may waive 
the certification required by subsection (b) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that the Under Secretary has received sufficient data from the Govern-ment of Israel to demonstrate— 
(1) the funds specified in paragraph (1) and 
(2) of subsection (a) are provided to Israel solely for funding the procurement of long-lead compo-nents in accordance with a production plan, in-cluding a funding profile detailing Israeli con-tributions for production, including long-lead production, of either David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tem or the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Pro-gram; 
(2) such long-lead components have success-
fully completed knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews; and 
(3) the long-lead procurement will be con-
ducted in a manner that maximizes coproduc-tion in the United States without incurring ad-ditional nonrecurring engineering activity or cost. 
(d) P
LAN ON COPRODUCTION OF DAVID’SSLING 
WEAPON SYSTEM .—At the same time that the 
President submits to Congress the budget for fis-cal year 2017 under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Secretary shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to achieve a rate of coproduc-tion by United States industry of parts and com-ponents of the David’s Sling Weapon System at a level that is not less than 50 percent. Such plan shall include— 
(1) a timeline for achieving such a level of co-
production; 
(2) any nonrecurring engineering or 
facilitization costs related to such coproduction, costs for additional testing and training, and other additional associated costs; 
(3) a recommendation for whether carrying 
out such plan is in the national interest of the United States; and 
(4) any other matter the Director and Under 
Secretary consider appropriate. 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1680. BOOST PHASE DEFENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(1) prioritize technology investments in the 
Department of Defense to support feasible and cost-effective efforts by the Missile Defense Agency to develop and field an airborne boost phase defense system by not later than fiscal year 2025; 
(2) ensure that development and fielding of a 
boost phase missile defense layer to the ballistic missile defense system supports multiple warfighter missile defense requirements, includ-ing, specifically, protection of the United States homeland and allies of the United States against ballistic missiles, particularly in the boost phase; 
(3) continue development and fielding of high- 
energy lasers, electromagnetic and other railgun technology, high-power microwave systems, and 
other advanced technologies as part of a layered architecture to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes; 
(4) encourage collaboration among the mili-
tary departments and the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency with respect to high en-ergy laser efforts carried out in support of the Missile Defense Agency; and 
(5) ensure cooperation and coordination be-
tween the Missile Defense Agency with respect to the plans of the Missile Defense Agency to develop an airborne laser and the requirements of the Air Force for unmanned aerial vehicles. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the efforts of the Department of Defense to develop and de-ploy an airborne or other boost phase defense system for missile defense by fiscal year 2025. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following: 
(A) Such schedules, costs, warfighter require-
ments, operational concept, constraints, poten-tial alternative boost phase approaches, and other information regarding the efforts de-scribed in paragraph (1) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
(B) Analyses of the efforts described in para-
graph (1) with respect to the following cases: 
(i) A case in which the Department is under 
no funding constraints with respect to such ef-forts and progress is based on the state of the technology. 
(ii) A case in which the Department is under 
funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a moderately aggressive schedule and are subject to moderate technical risk. 
(iii) A case in which the Department is under 
funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a less aggressive sched-ule and are subject to less technical risk. 
(C) An update on related efforts of the De-
partment to develop high energy lasers, electro-magnetic and other railguns, high power micro-wave systems, and other advanced technologies to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes and to protect the homeland of the United States and protect allies of the United States. 
(D) An evaluation of recommendations, in-
cluding a listing of the recommendations, from industry on emerging technologies that could be applied for boost phase missile defense. 
(E) Such recommendations as the Secretary 
may have for legislative or administrative action to enable more rapid fielding of a directed-en-ergy based missile defense system. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1681. DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT OF 
MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE FOR MISSILE DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the defense of the United States homeland 
against the threat of limited ballistic missile at-tack (whether accidental, unauthorized, or de-liberate) is the highest priority of the Missile Defense Agency; 
(2) the Missile Defense Agency is appro-
priately prioritizing the design, development, and deployment of the redesigned kill vehicle; and 
(3) the multiple-object kill vehicle could con-
tribute critical capabilities to the future of the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland. 
(b) M
ULTIPLE -OBJECT KILLVEHICLE .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—The Director of the Mis-
sile Defense Agency shall develop a highly reli-able multiple-object kill vehicle for the ground- based midcourse defense system using sound ac-quisition practices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6451 September 29, 2015 
(2) D EPLOYMENT .—The Director shall— 
(A) conduct rigorous flight testing of the mul-
tiple-object kill vehicle developed under para-graph (1) by not later than 2020; and 
(B) recognizing the primacy of developing the 
redesigned kill vehicle, produce and deploy the multiple-object kill vehicle as early as prac-ticable after the date on which the Director car-ries out subparagraph (A). 
(c) C
APABILITIES AND CRITERIA .—The Director 
shall ensure that the multiple-object kill vehicle developed under subsection (b)(1) meets, at a minimum, the following capabilities and cri-teria: 
(1) Vehicle-to-vehicle communications. (2) Vehicle-to-ground communications. 
(3) Kill assessment capability. (4) The ability to counter advanced counter 
measures, decoys, and penetration aids. 
(5) Producibility and manufacturability. (6) Use of technology involving high tech-
nology readiness levels. 
(7) Options to be integrated onto other missile 
defense interceptor vehicles other than the ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system. 
(8) Sound acquisition processes. (d) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT .—The manage-
ment of the multiple-object kill vehicle program under subsection (b) shall report directly to the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
(e) R
EPORT ON FUNDING PROFILE .—The Direc-
tor shall include with the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2017 (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report on the funding profile necessary for the multiple-object kill ve-hicle program to meet the objectives under sub-section (b). 
SEC. 1682. REQUIREMENT TO REPLACE CAPA-
BILITY ENHANCEMENT I EXOATMOSPHERIC KILL VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all remaining ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system that are armed with the capability enhancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicle are replaced with the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle before September 30, 2022. 
(b) C
ONDITION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply if the Director determines that flight and intercept testing of the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle is not successful. 
SEC. 1683. DESIGNATION OF PREFERRED LOCA-
TION OF ADDITIONAL MISSILE DE-FENSE SITE IN THE UNITED STATES AND PLAN FOR EXPEDITING DE-PLOYMENT TIME OF SUCH SITE. 
(a) S ITEDESIGNATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Secretary of Defense publishes the draft environmental impact state-ment pursuant to subsection (b) of section 227 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1678), the Director of the Missile Defense Agen-cy, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Northern Command, shall des-ignate, from among the sites evaluated under subsection (a) of such section 227, the preferred site in the United States for the future deploy-ment of an interceptor capable of protecting the homeland, as informed by— 
(1) such environmental impact statement; and (2) the operational effectiveness and cost ef-
fectiveness of such evaluated sites. 
(b) P
LAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes the congressional notification of the fi-nalization of the environmental impact state-ment prepared pursuant to section 227(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013, the Secretary shall— 
(A) develop a plan for expediting the deploy-
ment time for the site designated under sub-section (a) by at least two years, if the decision 
is made to proceed with such deployment; and 
(B) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees such plan and any update, as may be necessary, to the designation made under sub-section (a). 
(2) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The plan under para-
graph (1)(A) shall include the following: 
(A) Estimates of the costs of carrying out the 
plan and a schedule for carrying out the plan. 
(B) An assessment of any risks associated 
with decreasing the deployment time of the site designated under subsection (a), including with respect to cost and the operational effectiveness and reliability of interceptors. 
(C) Identification of any deviation in the plan 
from sound acquisition processes, including with respect to testing prior to full operational capa-bility designation. 
(D) A description of such legislative or admin-
istrative action as may be necessary to carry out the plan. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for military construction for the East Coast missile site plan-ning and design, as specified in the funding table in section 4601, may be obligated or ex-pended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense publishes the final environmental im-pact statement pursuant to section 227(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013. 
(d) A
SSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THE UNITED STATES .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Secretary submits the plan under subsection (b)(1)(B),the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— 
(1) complete a review of the plan; and 
(2) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees a report on such review that includes the findings and recommendations of the Comp-troller General. 
SEC. 1684. ADDITIONAL MISSILE DEFENSE SEN-
SOR COVERAGE FOR PROTECTION OF UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that additional missile defense sensor discrimination capabilities are needed to en-hance the protection of the United States home-land against potential long-range ballistic mis-siles from Iran that, according to the Depart-ment of Defense, could soon be obtained by Iran as a result of its active space launch program. 
(b) S
TUDIES AND EVALUATIONS ON HOMEPORT  
OFSEA-BASED X-BAND RADAR .—Not later than 
60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall commence any siting studies, environ-mental impact assessments or statements re-quired pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) that have not otherwise been prepared, homeport agreements for sea-based X-band radar support, evaluations of any needed pier modifications, and evaluations of any communications capa-bilities or other requirements to carry out the re-assignment of the homeport of the sea-based X- band radar to a homeport on the East Coast of the United States. 
(c) P
OTENTIAL FUTURE MISSILE DEFENSE SEN-
SORSITES.— 
(1) E VALUATION .—Not later than March 31, 
2016, the Director shall commence a study to evaluate at least three possible additional loca-tions (in or outside the United States), selected by the Director, that would be best suited for fu-ture deployment of an advanced missile defense sensor site optimized against threats from Iran. 
(2) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENTS .—Ex-
cept as provided by paragraph (3), the evalua-tion under paragraph (1) shall include an envi-ronmental impact statement or other analysis in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for each location included in the evaluation. 
(3) E
XCEPTION .—If an environmental impact 
statement or other analysis described in para-graph (2) has already been prepared, or is not 
required by law, for a location included in the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Director shall not be required to carry out paragraph (2) with respect to such location. 
(d) D
EPLOYMENT OF ADDITIONAL COVERAGE .— 
(1) D EPLOYMENT .—Not later than December 
31, 2020, the Director, in cooperation with the relevant combatant command, shall deploy a long-range discrimination radar or other appro-priate sensor capability in a location optimized to support the defense of the homeland of the United States from emerging long-range ballistic missile threats from Iran. 
(2) S
EA-BASED X -BAND RADAR .—If the Director 
carries out paragraph (1) by reassigning the homeport of the sea-based X-band radar, the Di-rector and the Secretary of the Navy may not carry out such reassignment until the date on which the Director certifies to the congressional defense committees that Hawaii will have ade-quate missile defense coverage prior to such re-assignment. 
(e) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2018, the Director shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report containing the following: 
(A) The findings of the study conducted under 
paragraph (1) of subsection (c), including any environmental impact statements or analyses re-quired by paragraph (2) of such subsection. 
(B) Notification of the manner in which Ha-
waii is being provided ballistic missile defense coverage. 
(2) P
LAN.—In the budget justification mate-
rials submitted to Congress in support of the budget for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020 submitted by the President to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Director shall include— 
(A) the plan of the Director to carry out sub-
section (d); and 
(B) an update on the progress of the Director 
in implementing subsections (b) and (c). 
SEC. 1685. CONCEPT DEVELOPMENT OF SPACE- 
BASED MISSILE DEFENSE LAYER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, shall commence the concept definition of a space-based ballistic missile inter-cept layer to the ballistic missile defense system that provides— 
(1) a boost-phase layer for missile defense; or (2) additional defensive options against direct 
ascent anti-satellite weapons, hypersonic glide vehicles, and maneuvering reentry vehicles. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The activities carried out 
under subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) Draft operation concepts for how a space- 
based ballistic missile intercept layer would function in the context of a multi-layer missile defense architecture. 
(2) An assessment of how such a space-based 
ballistic missile intercept layer could contribute to the defense of the United States against inter-continental ballistic missiles with varying de-grees of effectiveness. 
(3) An assessment of the required architecture 
and components (including hardware, software, and related command and control systems) and the maturity of critical technologies necessary to make such a space-based ballistic missile inter-cept layer operational. 
(4) An assessment of how such a space-based 
ballistic missile intercept layer could protect the satellites of the United States against adversary anti-satellite weapons. 
(5) An assessment of the effort required to in-
tegrate and make interoperable such a space- based ballistic missile intercept layer with the ground-based missile defense system. 
(6) Any other matters the Director of the Mis-
sile Defense Agency considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6452 September 29, 2015 
(c) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report that includes— 
(1) the findings of the concept development re-
quired by subsection (a); 
(2) a plan for developing one or more pro-
grams of record for a space-based ballistic mis-sile intercept layer, including estimates of the appropriate identifiable costs of each such po-tential program of record; and 
(3) the views of the Director regarding such 
findings and plan. 
SEC. 1686. AEGIS ASHORE CAPABILITY DEVELOP-
MENT. 
(a) E VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency, in coordination with the Chief of Naval Operations and the Chief of Staff of the Army, shall evaluate the role, feasibility, cost, cost benefit, and operational effectiveness of additional Aegis Ashore sites and upgrades to current ballistic missile defense system sensors to offset capacity demands on current Aegis ships, Aegis Ashore sites, and Patriot and Ter-minal High Altitude Area Defense capability and to meet the requirements of the combatant commanders. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall— 
(A) review the evaluation conducted under 
paragraph (1); and 
(B) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees such evaluation and the results of such review, including recommendations for potential future locations of Aegis Ashore sites. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF FMS O BSTACLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of De-
fense for Policy and the Secretary of State shall jointly identify any obstacles to foreign military sales of Aegis Ashore or cofinancing of addi-tional Aegis Ashore sites. Such evaluation shall include, with coordination with other agencies and departments of the Federal Government as appropriate, the feasibility of host nation man-ning or dual manning with the United States and such host nation. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees, the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the identification of obstacles under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1687. DEVELOPMENT OF REQUIREMENTS TO 
SUPPORT INTEGRATED AIR AND MIS-SILE DEFENSE CAPABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with the memo-
randum of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of January 27, 2014, regarding joint inte-grated air and missile defense, the Vice Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall oversee the development of warfighter requirements for per-sistent and survivable capabilities to detect, identify, determine the status, track, and sup-port engagement of strategically important mo-bile or relocatable assets in all phases of conflict in order to achieve the objective of preventing the effective employment of such assets, includ-ing through offensive actions against such as-sets prior to their use. 
(b) P
URPOSE OF REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments developed pursuant to subsection (a) shall be used and updated, as appropriate, for the purpose of informing applicable acquisition pro-grams and systems-of-systems architecture plan-ning that are funded through the Military Intel-ligence Program, the National Intelligence Pro-gram, and non-intelligence programs. (c) S
UPPORTING ACTIVITIES .—The Vice Chair-
man shall also oversee the development of the enabling framework for intelligence support for integrated air and missile defense, including concepts for the integrated operation of multiple systems, and, as appropriate, the development of requirements for capabilities to be acquired to achieve such integrated operations. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that new acquisition programs for ap-plicable major systems or capabilities, or for up-grades to existing systems, should not be under-taken until the applicable requirements de-scribed in subsections (a) and (c) have been de-veloped and incorporated into programmatic de-cision-making. 
SEC. 1688. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW AND AS-SESSMENT OF MISSILE DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 232(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1339) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘through 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2020’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by 
striking ‘‘through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2021’’. 
SEC. 1689. REPORT ON MEDIUM RANGE BALLISTIC 
MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR ALTER-NATIVES FOR ENHANCED DEFENSE OF HAWAII. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) expanding persistent midcourse and ter-
minal ballistic missile defense system discrimina-tion capability is critically important to the de-fense of the United States; 
(2) such discrimination capability is needed to 
respond to emerging ballistic missile threats in-volving countermeasures and decoys; and 
(3) the Department of Defense should take all 
appropriate steps to ensure Hawaii has ade-quate missile defense coverage. 
(b) E
VALUATION AND REPORT .— 
(1) E VALUATION .—The Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency shall conduct an evaluation of potential options for fielding a medium range ballistic missile defense sensor for the defense of Hawaii, including— 
(A) the use of the Aegis Ashore Missile De-
fense Test Complex land-based system at the Pa-cific Missile Range Facility in Hawaii; 
(B) the use of existing sensor assets in the re-
gion; and 
(C) other options the Director determines ap-
propriate. 
(2) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the options for augmenting the missile defense of Hawaii, in-cluding— 
(A) a summary of the findings and rec-
ommendations of the evaluation conducted under paragraph (1); 
(B) estimated acquisition and operating costs 
for each sensor option; and 
(C) estimated timelines for the deployment of 
each sensor option. 
SEC. 1690. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND REPORT ON 
VALIDATED MILITARY REQUIRE-MENT AND MILESTONE A DECISION ON PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE WEAP-ON SYSTEM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the 
Congress that the United States must continue to develop the conventional prompt global strike capability to strike high-value, time-sensitive, and defended targets from ranges outside of cur-rent conventional technology while addressing and preventing any risk of ambiguity. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 
2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the outcome of the military require-ments process and Milestone A decision for at least one conventional prompt global strike weapons system. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND 
AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER 
THREE YEARS.—Except as provided in subsection 
(b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor) shall expire on the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2019. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to authorizations for military construc-tion projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for fiscal year 2019 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII shall take effect on 
the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2015; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2104. Authorization of appropriations, 
Army. 
Sec. 2105. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2106. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2107. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2108. Additional authority to carry out cer-
tain fiscal year 2016 project. 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6453 September 29, 2015 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................. Fort Greely ............................................................. ...................................................... $7,800,000 
California ............................................ Concord .................................................................. ...................................................... $98,000,000 
Colorado .............................................. Fort Carson .............................................................. .................................................... $5,800,000 
Georgia ................................................ Fort Gordon ............................................................. .................................................... $90,000,000 
Maryland ............................................. Fort Meade ................................................................ ................................................... $34,500,000 
New York ............................................. Fort Drum ................................................................. ................................................... $19,000,000 
United States Military Academy .................................................................................... $70,000,000 
Oklahoma ............................................ Fort Sill .................................................................. ...................................................... $69,400,000 
Texas ................................................... Corpus Christi ......................................................... ..................................................... $85,000,000 
Virginia ............................................... Arlington National Cemetery ............................................. ............................................ $30,000,000 
Fort Lee ....................................................................................................................... $33,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction project for the instal-lation or location outside the United States, and 
in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Germany ..................................................... Grafenwoehr ........................................................ .................................................. $51,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-
lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Florida ................................ Camp Rudder ...................................................................... Family Housing New Construction $8,000,000 
Illinois ................................. Rock Island ......................................................................... Fa mily Housing New Construction $20,000,000 
Korea .................................. Camp Walker ....................................................................... Family  Housing New Construction $61,000,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $7,195,000. 
SEC. 2103. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations 
in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,500,000. 
SEC. 2104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 
2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2105. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2101(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2119) for the United States Military Academy, New York, for construction of a Cadet barracks building at the installation, the Secretary of the Army may install mechanical equipment and distribution lines sufficient to provide chilled 
water for air conditioning the nine existing his-torical Cadet barracks which are being ren-
ovated through the Cadet Barracks Upgrade Program. 
SEC. 2106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (125 Stat. 1661) and extended by section 2107 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3673), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Georgia .................................................... Fort Benning .......................................... Land Acquisiti on ..................................... $5,100,000 
Fort Benning .......................................... Land Acquisition ..................................... $25,000,000 
Virginia ................................................... Fort Belvoir ............................................ Road and Inf rastructure Improvements .... $25,000,000 
SEC. 2107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (126 Stat. 2119) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6454 September 29, 2015 
Army: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State or Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
District of Columbia ......................... Fort McNair ............................... Vehicle Storage Building, Installation .. ..................... $7,191,000 
Kansas ............................................ Fort Riley ................................... Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Complex . ........................... $12,184,000 
North Carolina ................................ Fort Bragg ................................. Aerial Gunnery Range .................. ............................ $41,945,000 
Texas .............................................. Joint Base San Antonio ............... Barracks ............................... ................................... $20,971,000 
Virginia .......................................... Fort Belvoir ................................ Secure Admin/Operations Facility . ............................ $93,876,000 
Italy ............................................... Camp Ederle ............................... Barracks ......................... ......................................... $35,952,000 
Japan .............................................. Sagami ....................................... Vehicle Maintenance Shop ....... ................................. $17,976,000 
SEC. 2108. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY 
OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary 
of the Army may carry out a military construc-tion project to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Bar-racks, Germany, in the amount of $12,400,000. 
(b) U
SE OF HOST-NATION PAYMENT -IN-KIND 
FUNDS.—The Secretary may use available host- 
nation payment-in-kind funding for the project described in subsection (a). TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, 
Navy. 
Sec. 2205. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona .......................................... Yuma .......................................................................... .......................... $50,635,000 
California ........................................ Camp Pendleton ............................................................... ..................... $44,540,000 
Coronado .............................................................................................. $4,856,000 
Lemoore ................................................................................................ $71,830,000 
Miramar ................................................................................................ $11,200,000 
Point Mugu ........................................................................................... $22,427,000 
San Diego .............................................................................................. $37,366,000 
Twentynine Palms ................................................................................. $9,160,000 
Florida ............................................ Jacksonville ................................................................ ........................... $16,751,000 
Mayport ................................................................................................ $16,159,000 
Pensacola .............................................................................................. $18,347,000 
Whiting Field ........................................................................................ $10,421,000 
Georgia ........................................... Albany ....................................................................... ........................... $7,851,000 
Kings Bay ............................................................................................. $8,099,000 
Townsend .............................................................................................. $43,279,000 
Guam .............................................. Joint Region Marianas ........................................................ ................... $181,768,000 
Hawaii ............................................ Barking Sands ................................................................ ....................... $30,623,000 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ............................................................ $14,881,000 
Kaneohe Bay ......................................................................................... $106,618,000 
Marine Corps Base Hawaii ..................................................................... $12,800,000 
Maryland ........................................ Patuxent River ................................................................. ..................... $40,935,000 
North Carolina ................................ Camp Lejeune ..................................................................... ................... $54,849,000 
Cherry Point ......................................................................................... $57,726,000 
New River ............................................................................................. $8,230,000 
South Carolina ................................ Parris Island .................................................................... ..................... $27,075,000 
Virginia ........................................... Dam Neck .................................................................... .......................... $23,066,000 
Norfolk ................................................................................................. $126,677,000 
Portsmouth ........................................................................................... $45,513,000 
Quantico ............................................................................................... $58,199,000 
Washington ..................................... Bangor .......................................................................... ........................ $34,177,000 
Bremerton ............................................................................................. $22,680,000 
Indian Island ........................................................................................ $4,472,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahrain Island ............................... Southwest Asia .................................................................... ................. $89,791,000 
Italy .............................................. Sigonella ................................................................... ............................ $102,943,000 
Japan ............................................. Camp Butler .................................................................. ........................ $11,697,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6455 September 29, 2015 
Navy: Outside the United States —Continued 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Iwakuni ................................................................................................ $17,923,000 
Kadena Air Base ................................................................................... $23,310,000 
Yokosuka .............................................................................................. $13,846,000 
Poland ........................................... RedziKowo Base ................................................................ .................... $51,270,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-
lation or location, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Virginia ............................... Wallops Island .................................................................... Family  Housing New Construction $438,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,588,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed 
$11,515,000. 
SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this 
Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2205. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (125 Stat. 1666) and extended by section 2208 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3678), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ............................................. Camp Pendleton ..................................... Infantry Squad Defens e Range ............... $29,187,000 
Florida .................................................. Jacksonville ........................................... P–8A Hangar Upg rades .......................... $6,085,000 
Georgia .................................................. Kings Bay .............................................. Crab Island Sec urity Enclave .................. $52,913,000 
SEC. 2206. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (126 Stat. 2122), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ............................................. Camp Pendleton ..................................... Comm. Information Sys tems Ops Complex $78,897,000 
Coronado ............................................... Bachelor Quarters .................................. $76,063,000 
Twentynine Palms .................................. Land Expansion Phase 2 ........................ $47,270,000 
Greece .................................................... Souda Bay ............................................. Intermodal Acce ss Road .......................... $4,630,000 
South Carolina ....................................... Beaufort ................................................ Recycling/Hazardou s Waste Facility ........ $3,743,000 
Virginia ................................................. Quantico ............................................... Infrastructure— Widen Russell Road ....... $14,826,000 
Worldwide Unspecified ........................... Various Worldwide Locations ................. BAMS Operational Facilities ........ .......... $34,048,000 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air 
Force. 
Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2010 project. Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. 
Sec. 2308. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2309. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2310. Certification of optimal location for 
Joint Intelligence Analysis Com-plex and plan for rotation of forces at Lajes Field, Azores. SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-
TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects in-
side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6456 September 29, 2015 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................ Eielson Air Force Base ................................................... ............................................... $71,400,000 
Arizona ................................................ Davis-Monthan Air Force Base ............................................ ......................................... $16,900,000 
Luke Air Force Base ..................................................................................................... $77,700 ,000 
Colorado .............................................. Air Force Academy ........................................................ ............................................... $10,000,000 
Florida ................................................. Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ....................................... .......................................... $21,000,000 
Eglin Air Force Base ..................................................................................................... $8,700 ,000 
Hurlburt Field .............................................................................................................. $14 ,200,000 
Guam ................................................... Joint Region Marianas ................................................... ............................................... $50,800,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................................... .......................................... $46,000,000 
Kansas ................................................ McConnell Air Force Base ................................................. ............................................ $4,300,000 
Missouri ............................................... Whiteman Air Force Base ................................................. ............................................. $29,500,000 
Montana .............................................. Malstrom Air Force Base ................................................... ............................................ $19,700,000 
Nebraska .............................................. Offutt Air Force Base .................................................... ............................................... $21,000,000 
Nevada ................................................. Nellis Air Force Base ................................................... .................................................. $68,950,000 
New Mexico .......................................... Cannon Air Force Base ...................................................... ........................................... $7,800,000 
Holloman Air Force Base ............................................................................................... $3,000,00 0 
Kirtland Air Force Base ................................................................................................ $12,800, 000 
North Carolina ..................................... Seymour Johnson Air Force Base .............................................. ..................................... $17,100,000 
Oklahoma ............................................ Altus Air Force Base ....................................................... .............................................. $28,400,000 
Tinker Air Force Base ................................................................................................... $49,900 ,000 
South Dakota ....................................... Ellsworth Air Force Base .................................................... .......................................... $23,000,000 
Texas ................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ................................................. ................................................ $106,000,000 
Utah .................................................... Hill Air Force Base .................................................... ................................................... $38,400,000 
Wyoming .............................................. F.E. Warren Air Force Base ................................................ .......................................... $95,000,000 
CONUS Classified ................................. Classified Location ........................................................... ............................................ $77,130,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the instal-lations or locations outside the United States, 
and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Greenland ................................................. Thule Air Base ....................................................... ................................................... $41,965,000 
Japan ....................................................... Kadena Air Base .................................................... ................................................... $3,000,000 
Yokota Air Base ........................................................................................................ $8,461,0 00 
Niger ........................................................ Agadez ............................................................ .......................................................... $50,000,000 
Oman ....................................................... Al Musannah Air Base ................................................ ............................................... $25,000,000 
United Kingdom ........................................ Croughton Royal Air Force ................................................ ........................................ $130,615,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family hous-ing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $9,849,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $150,649,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: (1) The total amount authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $21,000,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 992) for the CYBERCOM Joint Operations Center at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2010 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-
struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2636), for Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii, for con-struction of a ground control tower at the in-stallation, the Secretary of the Air Force may install communications cabling. 
SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—In the case of the au-
thorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 993) for Royal Air Force Lakenheath, United Kingdom, for construction of a Guardian Angel Operations Facility at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct the facility at an unspecified location within the United States European Command’s area of responsibility. 
(b) N
OTICE AND WAITREQUIREMENT .—Before 
the Secretary of the Air Force commences con-struction of the Guardian Angel Operations Fa-cility at an alternative location, as authorized by subsection (a)— (1) the Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report containing a description of the project, including the ration-ale for selection of the project location; and 
(2) a period of 14 days has expired following 
the date on which the report is received by the committees or, if over sooner, a period of 7 days has expired following the date on which a copy of the report is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) for McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, for con-struction of a KC–46A Alter Composite Mainte-nance Shop at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 696 square meter (7,500 square foot) facility consistent with Air Force guidelines for composite maintenance shops. 
SEC. 2308. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (125 Stat. 1670) and extended by section 2305 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3680), shall remain in effect until October 1, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6457 September 29, 2015 
2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2012 Project Authorization 
Country Installation Project Amount 
Italy ........................................................ Sigonella Naval Air Station ...................... UAS SATCOM Relay Pads and Facility .... $15,000,000 
SEC. 2309. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (126 Stat. 2126), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2013 Project Authorization 
Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
Portugal ................................... Lajes Field ......................................................... Sanitary Sewer L ift/Pump Station ............... $2,000,000 
SEC. 2310. CERTIFICATION OF OPTIMAL LOCA-
TION FOR JOINT INTELLIGENCE ANALYSIS COMPLEX AND PLAN FOR ROTATION OF FORCES AT LAJES FIELD, AZORES. 
(a) J OINT INTELLIGENCE ANALYSIS COMPLEX  
CERTIFICATION .—No amounts may be expended 
for the construction of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex Consolidation, Phase 2, at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, as authorized by section 2301(b), until the Sec-retary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has deter-mined, based on an analysis of United States operational requirements, that Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, remains the opti-mal location for recapitalization of the Joint In-telligence Analysis Complex. The certification shall include an explanation of the basis for the certification. 
(b) L
AJESFIELD UTILIZATION .— 
(1) D ETERMINATION .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a deter-mination of the operational viability of the use of Lajes Field, Azores, for— 
(A) Department of Defense intelligence func-
tions; or 
(B) the rotational presence of— (i) fighter aircraft for air-to-air training; or (ii) naval forces. 
(2) B
ASIS OF DETERMINATION .—The submission 
to the congressional defense committees under paragraph (1) shall include an explanation of the basis for the determination. 
(3) P
LAN.—If the Secretary of Defense deter-
mines that Lajes Field is a viable option for one or more of the uses specified in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than April 1, 2016, a plan for such uses that includes the following: 
(A) The types and number of naval forces or 
air-to-air training fighter aircraft considered for rotational assignment at Lajes Field or a de-scription of the Department of Defense intel-ligence functions to be assigned, as applicable. 
(B) The duration and frequency of such as-
signment. 
(C) Any additional infrastructure investment 
required to support such assignment. 
(D) The impact to permanent manpower levels 
necessary to support such assignment. 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation 
projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, De-
fense Agencies. 
Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2407. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
Sec. 2408. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alabama ................................................ Fort Rucker ............................................................. .................................................... $46,787,000 
Maxwell Air Force Base ................................................................................................ $32,968,0 00 
Arizona ................................................. Fort Huachuca .......................................................... ................................................... $3,884,000 
California .............................................. Camp Pendleton ......................................................... .................................................. $20,552,000 
Coronado ..................................................................................................................... $4 7,218,000 
Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG ............................................................................................ $10,700,000 
Colorado ............................................... Fort Carson ............................................................. .................................................... $8,243,000 
CONUS Classified ................................... Classified Location ......................................................... .............................................. $20,065,000 
Delaware ................................................ Dover Air Force Base ................................................... ................................................. $21,600,000 
Florida ................................................... Hurlburt Field ....................................................... ....................................................... $17,989,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ................................................................................................ $39,142,0 00 
Georgia .................................................. Moody Air Force Base .................................................. ................................................ $10,900,000 
Hawaii ................................................... Kaneohe Bay ........................................................... .................................................... $122,071,000 
Schofield Barracks ....................................................................................................... $123,8 38,000 
Kentucky .............................................. Fort Campbell ............................................................ .................................................. $12,553,000 
Fort Knox .................................................................................................................... $2 3,279,000 
Maryland .............................................. Fort Meade ............................................................... ................................................... $816,077,000 
Nevada .................................................. Nellis Air Force Base .................................................. .................................................. $39,900,000 
New Mexico ........................................... Cannon Air Force Base ..................................................... ............................................ $45,111,000 
New York ............................................... West Point .............................................................. ..................................................... $55,778,000 
North Carolina ...................................... Camp Lejeune ............................................................... ............................................... $69,006,000 
Fort Bragg ................................................................................................................... $1 68,811,000 
Ohio ...................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ...................................... ............................................. $6,623,000 
Oregon ................................................... Klamath Falls IAP ..................................................... .................................................. $2,500,000 
Pennsylvania ......................................... Philadelphia .............................................................. .................................................. $49,700,000 
South Carolina ...................................... Fort Jackson ............................................................... ................................................. $26,157,000 
Texas ..................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ............................................... ................................................. $61,776,000 
Virginia ................................................ Fort Belvoir ........................................................... ...................................................... $9,500,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6458 September 29, 2015 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States —Continued 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................................................................................. $28,000,0 00 
Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Story .................................................................. $23,916,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Djibouti ......................................... Camp Lemonier ................................................................. .............................................. $43,700,000 
Germany ......................................... Garmisch ....................................................................... ................................................. $14,676,000 
Grafenwoehr ................................................................................................................... $ 38,138,000 
Spangdahlem Air Base .................................................................................................... $39,571 ,000 
Stuttgart-Patch Barracks ................................................................................................ $49,413 ,000 
Japan ............................................ Kadena Air Base ............................................................... .............................................. $37,485,000 
Poland ............................................ RedziKowo Base ............................................................... .............................................. $169,153,000 
Spain .............................................. Rota ........................................................................ ....................................................... $13,737,000 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY CONSERVATION 
PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-
ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects inside 
the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States 
Code, for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
American Samoa ..................................... Wake Island ................................................................. ................................................ $5,331,000 
California .............................................. Edwards Air Force Base ................................................. .............................................. $4,550,000 
Fort Hunter Liggett ...................................................................................................... $22,00 0,000 
Colorado ............................................... Schriever Air Force Base ................................................ ............................................... $4,400,000 
District of Columbia ................................ NSA Washington/Naval Research Lab .......................................... ................................. $10,990,000 
Guam .................................................... Naval Base Guam ........................................................ ................................................. $5,330,000 
Hawaii ................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ........................................ ........................................... $13,780,000 
Marine Corps Recruiting Command Kaneohe Bay .......................................................... $5,740,000 
Idaho ..................................................... Mountain Home Air Force Base ......................................... ........................................... $6,471,000 
Montana ................................................ Malmstrom Air Force Base ................................................ ............................................ $4,260,000 
Virginia ................................................. Pentagon .............................................................. ....................................................... $4,528,000 
Washington ............................................ Joint Base Lewis-McChord ................................................. ........................................... $14,770,000 
Various locations .................................... Various locations ......................................................... ................................................ $25,809,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahamas ........................................ Ascension Aux Airfield St. Helena ............................................... .................................... $5,500,000 
Japan ............................................. Yokoska ...................................................................... ................................................... $12,940,000 
Various locations ............................. Various locations ................................................................ ............................................ $3,600,000 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, 
United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (2) $747,435,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(a) of this Act for an operations facility at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
(3) $441,134,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1673) for a hospital at the Rhine Ordnance Bar-racks, Germany). 
(4) $91,441,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2640) for a hospital at Fort Bliss, Texas). 
SEC. 2404. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization in the table in 
section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1672), as amend-ed by section 2404(a) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (di-
vision B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2131), for Fort Meade, Maryland, for construction of the High Performance Computing Center at the installation, the Secretary of Defense may con-struct a generator plant capable of producing up to 60 megawatts of back-up electrical power in support of the 60 megawatt technical load. 
SEC. 2405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (125 Stat. 1672) and as amended by section 2405 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3685), shall remain in effect until October 1, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6459 September 29, 2015 
2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
California ................................. Naval Base Coronado .......................................... SOF Support Activity Op erations Facility ... $38,800,000 
Virginia .................................... Pentagon Reservation ......................................... Heliport Control Tower  and Fire Station ..... $6,457,000 
Pedestrian Plaza ........................................ $2,285,000 
SEC. 2406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (126 Stat. 2127), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
California ................................. Naval Base Coronado .......................................... SOF Mobile Communicatio ns Detachment 
Support Facility ...................................... $9,327,000 
Colorado ................................... Pikes Peak .......................................................... High Altitude Me dical Research Center ....... $3,600,000 
Germany .................................. Ramstein AB ...................................................... Replace Vogelweh Elem entary School .......... $61,415,000 
Hawaii ..................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................... SOF SDVT–1 Waterfront Operat ions Facil-
ity .......................................................... $22,384,000 
Japan ....................................... CFAS Sasebo ...................................................... Replace Sasebo Ele mentary School .............. $35,733,000 
Camp Zama ........................................................ Renovate Zama High School ....................... $13,273,000 
Pennsylvania ............................ DEF Distribution Depot New Cumberland ............ Replace reservoir ..................... ................... $4,300,000 
United Kingdom ........................ RAF Feltwell ...................................................... Feltwell Elementary Sch ool Addition ........... $30,811,000 
SEC. 2407. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2401(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 995) for Fort Knox, Kentucky, for construction of an Ambulatory Care Center at that location, subse-quently cancelled by the Department of Defense, substitute authorization is provided for a 102,000-square foot Medical Clinic Replacement at that location in the amount of $80,000,000, using appropriations available for the original project pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 2403 of such Act (127 Stat. 997). This substitute authorization shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 2408. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
section 2401(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3682), for Brussels, 
Belgium, for construction of an elementary/high school, the Secretary of Defense may acquire approximately 7.4 acres of land adjacent to the existing Sterrebeek Dependent School site and construct a multi-sport athletic field, track, pe-rimeter road, parking, and fencing. 
TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and 
land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, 
NATO. 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contribu-
tions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. 
SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North At-lantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard 
construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construc-
tion and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine 
Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, Na-
tional Guard and Reserve. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
Sec. 2611. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 projects. 
Sec. 2613. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2614. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alabama .............................................. Camp Foley ................................................................ .................................................. $4,500,000 
Connecticut .......................................... Camp Hartell .............................................................. .................................................. $11,000,000 
Florida ................................................. Palm Coast ............................................................. ...................................................... $18,000,000 
Georgia ................................................ Fort Stewart ............................................................ ..................................................... $6,800,000 
Illinois ................................................. Sparta ................................................................ .......................................................... $1,900,000 
Kansas ................................................. Salina .................................................................. ........................................................ $6,700,000 
Maryland ............................................. Easton .................................................................... ...................................................... $13,800,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6460 September 29, 2015 
Army National Guard —Continued 
State Location Amount 
Mississippi ........................................... Gulfport ................................................................. ...................................................... $40,000,000 
Nevada ................................................ Reno ..................................................................... ....................................................... $8,000,000 
Ohio .................................................... Camp Ravenna ........................................................... .................................................. $3,300,000 
Oregon ................................................. Salem ................................................................... ........................................................ $16,500,000 
Pennsylvania ....................................... Fort Indiantown Gap ......................................................... ........................................... $16,000,000 
Vermont ............................................... North Hyde Park .......................................................... ................................................ $7,900,000 
Virginia ............................................... Richmond ................................................................ ..................................................... $29,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-
STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2606 and 
available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction 
projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve: Inside the United States 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. Miramar ................................................. ...................................................... $24,000,000 
Florida ................................................................. MacDill Air Force Base ................................. ................................................ $55,000,000 
New York ............................................................. Orangeburg ................................................ .................................................. $4,200,000 
Pennsylvania ....................................................... Conneaut Lake ............................................... .............................................. $5,000,000 
Virginia ............................................................... A.P. Hill ............................................... ........................................................ $24,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out a military construction project for the Army Reserve location outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth 
in the following table: 
Army Reserve: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Puerto Rico .......................................................... Fort Buchanan ............................................. ................................................ $10,200,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-
RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve loca-tions inside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Nevada ......................................... Fallon .......................................................................... ......................... $11,480,000 
New York ..................................... Brooklyn .......................................................................... ..................... $2,479,000 
Virginia ........................................ Dam Neck ....................................................................... ...................... $18,443,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the United 
States, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alabama ....................................... Dannelly Field ................................................................... ................... $7,600,000 
California ..................................... Moffett Field ................................................................... ...................... $6,500,000 
Colorado ....................................... Buckley Air Force Base .......................................................... ................ $5,100,000 
Florida ......................................... Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ............................................... ........... $6,100,000 
Georgia ......................................... Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport ..................................... ..... $9,000,000 
Iowa ............................................. Des Moines Municipal Airport .................................................. .............. $6,700,000 
Kansas ......................................... Smokey Hill Range ............................................................... ................. $2,900,000 
Louisiana ..................................... New Orleans ...................................................................... .................... $10,000,000 
Maine ........................................... Bangor International Airport ................................................... .............. $7,200,000 
New Hampshire ............................. Pease International Trade Port ....................................................... ....... $2,800,000 
New Jersey .................................... Atlantic City International Airport .............................................. .......... $10,200,000 
New York ..................................... Niagara Falls International Airport ............................................... ........ $7,700,000 
North Carolina ............................. Charlotte/Douglas International Airport ............................................. .... $9,000,000 
North Dakota ............................... Hector International Airport ........................................................ .......... $7,300,000 
Oklahoma ..................................... Will Rogers World Airport ......................................................... ............. $7,600,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6461 September 29, 2015 
Air National Guard —Continued 
State Location Amount 
Oregon ......................................... Klamath Falls International Airport ............................................. .......... $7,200,000 
West Virginia ................................ Yeager Airport .................................................................... ................... $3,900,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air Force Reserve locations 
inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................ March Air Force Base ..................................... .............................................. $4,600,000 
Florida ................................................................. Patrick Air Force Base ................................. ................................................. $3,400,000 
Georgia ................................................................ Dobbins Air Reserve Base ................................ .............................................. $10,400,000 
Ohio .................................................................... Youngstown ............................................. .................................................... $9,400,000 
Texas ................................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ................................. ................................................ $9,900,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for the costs of acquisition, ar-chitectural and engineering services, and con-struction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (in-cluding the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—In the case of the author-
ization contained in the table in section 2602 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2135) for Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, for construction of an Army Reserve Center at that location, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new facility in the vi-cinity of Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland. (b) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing section 2002 of the Military Construc-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Pub-lic Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authoriza-tion set forth in subsection (a) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) D AVIS-MONTHAN AIRFORCE BASE.—In the 
case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2605 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Davis- Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, for construc-tion of a Guardian Angel Operations facility at that location, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a new 5,913 square meter (63,647 square foot) facility in the amount of $18,200,000. 
(b) F
ORTSMITH.—In the case of the author-
ization contained in the table in section 2604 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113– 
291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Fort Smith Municipal Airport, Arkansas, for construction of a consoli-dated Secure Compartmented Information Facil-ity at that location, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a new facility in the amount of $15,200,000. 
SEC. 2613. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2602 of that Act (125 Stat. 1678), and extended by section 2611 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3690), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Extension of 2012 Army Reserve Project Authorizations 
State Location Project Amount 
Kansas ..................................................... Kansas City ............................................ Army Reserve Center ............................... $13,000,000 
Massachusetts .......................................... Attleboro ................................................. Army Reserve C enter ............................... $22,000,000 
SEC. 2614. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2601, 2602, and 2603 of that Act (126 Stat. 2134, 2135) shall remain in effect until Oc-tober 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an 
Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is a follows: 
Extension of 2013 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Arizona .................................................... Yuma ...................................................... Reserve Tr aining Facility ........................ $5,379,000 
California ................................................ Tustin ..................................................... Army Reser ve Center ............................... $27,000,000 
Iowa ........................................................ Fort Des Moines ...................................... Joint Reserve Center ................................ $19,162,000 
Louisiana ................................................ New Orleans ........................................... Transient Quarte rs .................................. $7,187,000 
New York ................................................. Camp Smith (Stormville) .......................... Combined Support Main tenance Shop 
Phase 1 ................................................ $24,000,000 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for 
base realignment and closure ac-tivities funded through Depart-ment of Defense base closure ac-count. Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional 
Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6462 September 29, 2015 
and military construction projects, as author-
ized by the Defense Base Closure and Realign-ment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Clo-sure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-
TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to au-
thorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and 
Military Family Housing Changes 
Sec. 2801. Revision of congressional notification 
thresholds for reserve facility ex-penditures and contributions to reflect congressional notification thresholds for minor construction and repair projects. 
Sec. 2802. Extension of temporary, limited au-
thority to use operation and maintenance funds for construc-tion projects outside the United States. 
Sec. 2803. Defense laboratory modernization 
pilot program. 
Sec. 2804. Temporary authority for acceptance 
and use of contributions for cer-tain construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually ben-eficial to the Department of De-fense and Kuwait military forces. 
Sec. 2805. Conveyance to Indian tribes of 
relocatable military housing units at military installations in the United States. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
Sec. 2811. Protection of Department of Defense 
installations. 
Sec. 2812. Enhancement of authority to accept 
conditional gifts of real property on behalf of military service acad-emies. 
Sec. 2813. Utility system conveyance authority. Sec. 2814. Leasing of non-excess property of 
military departments and Defense Agencies; treatment of value pro-vided by local education agencies and elementary and secondary schools. 
Sec. 2815. Force-structure plan and infrastruc-
ture inventory and assessment of infrastructure necessary to sup-port the force structure. 
Sec. 2816. Temporary reporting requirements re-
lated to main operating bases, for-ward operating sites, and cooper-ative security locations. 
Sec. 2817. Exemption of Army off-site use and 
off-site removal only non-mobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Asia-Pacific 
Military Realignment 
Sec. 2821. Limited exception to restriction on 
development of public infrastruc-ture in connection with realign-ment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region. 
Sec. 2822. Annual report on Government of 
Japan contributions toward re-alignment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region. Subtitle D—Land Conveyances 
Sec. 2831. Release of reversionary interest re-
tained as part of conveyance to the Economic Development Alli-ance of Jefferson County, Arkan-sas. 
Sec. 2832. Land exchange authority, Mare Is-
land Army Reserve Center, Vallejo, California. 
Sec. 2833. Land exchange, Navy Outlying 
Landing Field, Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Florida. 
Sec. 2834. Release of property interests retained 
in connection with land convey-ance, Camp Villere, Louisiana. 
Sec. 2835. Release of property interests retained 
in connection with land convey-ance, Fort Bliss Military Reserva-tion, Texas. 
Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals 
Sec. 2841. Additional withdrawal and reserva-
tion of public land, Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, California. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Sec. 2851. Modification of Department of De-
fense guidance on use of airfield pavement markings. 
Sec. 2852. Extension of authority for establish-
ment of commemorative work in honor of Brigadier General Francis Marion. 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. REVISION OF CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFI-
CATION THRESHOLDS FOR RESERVE FACILITY EXPENDITURES AND CON-TRIBUTIONS TO REFLECT CONGRES-SIONAL NOTIFICATION THRESH-OLDS FOR MINOR CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR PROJECTS. 
Section 18233a of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in an 
amount in excess of $750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘in excess of the amount specified in section 2805(b)(1) of this title’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘section 
2811(e) of this title) that costs less than $7,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e) of sec-tion 2811 of this title) that costs less than the amount specified in subsection (d) of such sec-tion’’. 
SEC. 2802. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED 
AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) 
of section 2808 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2806 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3699), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 
31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (c)(1) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2014’’ and inserting 
‘‘October 1, 2015’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2016’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting 
‘‘fiscal year 2017’’. 
(c) E LIMINATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Such section is further amended by 
striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 2803. DEFENSE LABORATORY MODERNIZA-
TION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO USERESEARCH , DEVELOP -
MENT , TEST, AND EVALUATION FUNDS.—Using 
amounts appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense for research, 
development, test, and evaluation, the Secretary of Defense may fund a military construction project described in subsection (d) at any of the following: 
(1) A Department of Defense Science and 
Technology Reinvention Laboratory (as des-ignated by section 1105(a) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
(2) A Department of Defense Federally Fund-
ed Research and Development Center that func-tions primarily as a research laboratory. 
(3) A Department of Defense facility in sup-
port of a technology development program that is consistent with the fielding of offset tech-nologies as described in section 218 of this Act. 
(b) C
ONDITION ON AND SCOPE OF PROJECT AU-
THORITY .—Subject to the condition that a mili-
tary construction project under this section be authorized in a Military Construction Author-ization Act, the authority to carry out the mili-tary construction project includes authority for— 
(1) surveys, site preparation, and advanced 
planning and design; 
(2) acquisition, conversion, rehabilitation, and 
installation of facilities; 
(3) acquisition and installation of equipment 
and appurtenances integral to the project; ac-quisition and installation of supporting facilities (including utilities) and appurtenances incident to the project; and 
(4) planning, supervision, administration, and 
overhead expenses incident to the project. 
(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) S UBMISSION OF PROJECT REQUESTS .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall include military con-struction projects proposed to be carried out under this section in the budget justification documents for the Department of Defense sub-mitted to Congress in connection with the budg-et for a fiscal year submitted under 1105 of title 31, United States Code. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION OF IMPLEMENTATION .—Not 
less than 14 days prior to the first obligation of funds described in subsection (a) for a military construction project to be carried out under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a notification to the congressional defense com-mittees providing an updated construction de-scription, cost, and schedule for the project and any other matters regarding the project as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(d) A
UTHORIZED PROJECTS DESCRIBED .—The 
authority provided by this section to fund mili-tary construction projects using amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation is lim-ited to military construction projects that the Secretary of Defense, in the budget justification documents exhibits submitted pursuant to sub-section (c)(1), determines— 
(1) will support research and development ac-
tivities at laboratories described in subsection (a); 
(2) will establish facilities that will have sig-
nificant potential for use by entities outside the Department of Defense, including universities, industrial partners, and other Federal agencies; 
(3) are endorsed for funding by more than one 
military department or Defense Agency; and 
(4) cannot be fully funded within the thresh-
olds specified in section 2805 of title 10, United States Code. 
(e) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—The maximum 
amount of funds appropriated or otherwise made available for research, development, test, and evaluation that may be obligated in any fis-cal year for military construction projects under this section is $150,000,000. 
(f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity provided by this section to fund military con-struction projects using funds appropriated or otherwise made available for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6463 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 2804. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR ACCEPT-
ANCE AND USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE, AND REPAIR PROJECTS MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL TO THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND KUWAIT MILITARY FORCES. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOACCEPT CONTRIBUTIONS .— 
The Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the Secretary of State, may accept cash contributions from the government of Kuwait for the purpose of paying for the costs of con-struction (including military construction not otherwise authorized by law), maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the De-partment of Defense and Kuwait military forces. 
(b) A
CCOUNTING .—Contributions accepted 
under subsection (a) shall be placed in an ac-count established by the Secretary of Defense and shall remain available until expended as provided in such subsection. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO 
OFFSET BURDEN SHARING CONTRIBUTIONS .— 
Contributions accepted under subsection (a) may not be used to offset any burden sharing contributions made by the government of Ku-wait. 
(d) N
OTICE .—When a decision is made to carry 
out a project using contributions accepted under subsection (a) and the estimated cost of the project will exceed the thresholds prescribed by section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives written notice of decision, the jus-tification for the project, and the estimated cost of the project. 
(e) M
UTUALLY BENEFICIAL DEFINED .—A 
project described in subsection (a) shall be con-sidered to be ‘‘mutually beneficial’’ if— 
(1) the project is in support of a bilateral de-
fense cooperation agreement between the United States and the government of Kuwait; or 
(2) the Secretary of Defense determines that 
the United States may derive a benefit from the project, including— 
(A) access to and use of facilities of the Ku-
wait military forces; 
(B) ability or capacity for future force pos-
ture; and 
(C) increased interoperability between the De-
partment of Defense and Kuwait military forces. 
(f) E
XPIRATION OF PROJECT AUTHORITY .—The 
authority to carry out projects under this sec-tion expires on September 30, 2020. The expira-tion of the authority does not prevent the con-tinuation of any project commenced before that date. 
SEC. 2805. CONVEYANCE TO INDIAN TRIBES OF 
RELOCATABLE MILITARY HOUSING UNITS AT MILITARY INSTALLATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Execu-
tive Director’’ means the Executive Director of Walking Shield, Inc. 
(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
means any Indian tribe included on the list pub-lished by the Secretary of the Interior under sec-tion 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C.479a–1). 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director may 
submit to the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned, on behalf of any Indian tribe, a request for conveyance of any relocatable mili-tary housing unit located at a military installa-tion in the United States. 
(2) C
ONFLICTS .—The Executive Director shall 
resolve any conflict among requests of Indian tribes for housing units described in paragraph (1) before submitting a request to the Secretary of the military department concerned under this subsection. 
(c) C
ONVEYANCE BY A SECRETARY .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, on receipt of a request under subsection (b)(1), the Sec-retary of the military department concerned 
may convey to the Indian tribe that is the sub-ject of the request, at no cost to such military department and without consideration, any relocatable military housing unit described in subsection (b)(1) that, as determined by such Secretary, is in excess of the needs of the mili-tary. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
SEC. 2811. PROTECTION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE RESPONSIBILITY .— 
Chapter 159 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2671 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2672. Protection of buildings, grounds, 
property, and persons 
‘‘(a) S
ECRETARY OF DEFENSE RESPONSI -
BILITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall protect 
the buildings, grounds, and property that are under the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense and the persons on that property. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF OFFICERS AND AGENTS .— 
(1) The Secretary of Defense may designate mili-tary or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense as officers and agents to perform the functions of the Secretary under subsection (a), including, with regard to civilian officers and agents, duty in areas outside the property speci-fied in that subsection to the extent necessary to protect that property and persons on that prop-erty. 
‘‘(2) A designation under paragraph (1) may 
be made by individual, by position, by installa-tion, or by such other category of personnel as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(3) In making a designation under para-
graph (1) with respect to any category of per-sonnel, the Secretary shall specify each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The personnel or positions to be included 
in the category. 
‘‘(B) The authorities provided for in sub-
section (c) that may be exercised by personnel in that category. 
‘‘(C) In the case of civilian personnel in that 
category— 
‘‘(i) the authorities provided for in subsection 
(c), if any, that are authorized to be exercised outside the property specified in subsection (a); and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to the exercise of any such 
authorities outside the property specified in sub-section (a), the circumstances under which co-ordination with law enforcement officials out-side of the Department of Defense should be sought in advance. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may make a designation 
under paragraph (1) only if the Secretary deter-mines, with respect to the category of personnel to be covered by that designation, that— 
‘‘(A) the exercise of each specific authority 
provided for in subsection (c) to be delegated to that category of personnel is necessary for the performance of the duties of the personnel in that category and such duties cannot be per-formed as effectively without such authorities; and 
‘‘(B) the necessary and proper training for the 
authorities to be exercised is available to the personnel in that category. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Subject to sub-
section (i) and to the extent specifically author-ized by the Secretary of Defense, while engaged in the performance of official duties pursuant to this section, an officer or agent designated under subsection (b) may— 
‘‘(1) enforce Federal laws and regulations for 
the protection of persons and property; 
‘‘(2) carry firearms; ‘‘(3) make arrests— ‘‘(A) without a warrant for any offense 
against the United States committed in the pres-ence of the officer or agent; or 
‘‘(B) for any felony cognizable under the laws 
of the United States if the officer or agent has reasonable grounds to believe that the person to 
be arrested has committed or is committing a fel-ony; 
‘‘(4) serve warrants and subpoenas issued 
under the authority of the United States; and 
‘‘(5) conduct investigations, on and off the 
property in question, of offenses that may have been committed against property under the ju-risdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense or persons on such property. 
‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—(1) The Secretary of De-
fense may prescribe regulations, including traf-fic regulations, necessary for the protection and administration of property under the jurisdic-tion, custody, or control of the Department of Defense and persons on that property. The reg-ulations may include reasonable penalties, with-in the limits prescribed in paragraph (2), for vio-lations of the regulations. The regulations shall be posted and remain posted in a conspicuous place on the property to which they apply. 
‘‘(2) A person violating a regulation prescribed 
under this subsection shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 30 days, or both. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The authority of the Secretary of Defense 
under subsections (b), (c), and (d) may be exer-cised only by the Secretary or the Deputy Sec-retary of Defense. 
‘‘(f) D
ISPOSITION OF PERSONS ARRESTED .—A 
person who is arrested pursuant to authority ex-ercised under subsection (b) may not be held in a military confinement facility, other than in the case of a person who is subject to chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). 
‘‘(g) F
ACILITIES AND SERVICES OF OTHER 
AGENCIES .—In implementing this section, when 
the Secretary of Defense determines it to be eco-nomical and in the public interest, the Secretary may utilize the facilities and services of Federal, State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, with the consent of those agencies, and may reimburse those agencies for the use of their facilities and services. Such services of State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement, including application of their powers of law en-forcement, may be provided notwithstanding that the property is subject to the legislative ju-risdiction of the United States. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORITY OUTSIDE FEDERAL PROP-
ERTY.—For the protection of property under the 
jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Depart-ment of Defense and persons on that property, the Secretary of Defense may enter into agree-ments with Federal agencies and with State, In-dian tribal, and local governments to obtain au-thority for civilian officers and agents des-ignated under this section to enforce Federal laws and State, Indian tribal, and local laws concurrently with other Federal law enforce-ment officers and with State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement officers. 
‘‘(i) A
TTORNEY GENERAL APPROVAL .—The 
powers granted pursuant to subsection (c) to of-ficers and agents designated under subsection (b) shall be exercised in accordance with guide-lines approved by the Attorney General. Such guidelines may include specification of the geo-graphical extent of property outside of the prop-erty specified in subsection (a) within which those powers may be exercised. 
‘‘(j) L
IMITATION WITHREGARD TO OTHER FED-
ERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing in this section shall 
be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for the protection of facilities (including the build-ings, grounds, and properties of the General Services Administration) that are under the ju-risdiction, custody, or control, in whole or in part, of a Federal agency other than the De-partment of Defense and that are located off of a military installation. 
‘‘(k) C
OOPERATION WITH LOCAL LAWEN-
FORCEMENT AGENCIES .—Before authorizing civil-
ian officers and agents to perform duty in areas outside the property specified in subsection (a), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6464 September 29, 2015 
the Secretary of Defense shall consult with, and 
is encouraged to enter into agreements with, local law enforcement agencies exercising juris-diction over such areas for the purposes of avoiding conflicts of jurisdiction, promoting no-tification of planned law enforcement actions, and otherwise facilitating productive working relationships. 
‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued— 
‘‘(1) to preclude or limit the authority of any 
Federal law enforcement agency; 
‘‘(2) to restrict the authority of the Secretary 
of Homeland Security under the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 or of the Administrator of General Services, including the authority to pro-mulgate regulations affecting property under the custody and control of that Secretary or the Administrator, respectively; 
‘‘(3) to expand or limit section 21 of the Inter-
nal Security Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 797); 
‘‘(4) to affect chapter 47 of this title; 
‘‘(5) to restrict any other authority of the Sec-
retary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department; or 
‘‘(6) to restrict the authority of the Director of 
the National Security Agency under section 11 of the National Security Agency Act of 1959 (50 U.S.C. 3609).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 159 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2671 the following new item: 
‘‘2672. Protection of buildings, grounds, prop-
erty, and persons.’’. 
SEC. 2812. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITY TO AC-
CEPT CONDITIONAL GIFTS OF REAL PROPERTY ON BEHALF OF MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
Section 2601 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), 
(h), and (i) as subsections (f), (g), (h), (i), and (j), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) A
CCEPTANCE OF REALPROPERTY GIFTS; 
NAMING RIGHTS .—(1) The Secretary concerned 
may accept a gift under subsection (a) or (b) consisting of the provision, acquisition, en-hancement, or construction of real property of-fered to the United States Military Academy, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, or the Coast Guard Academy even though the gift will be subject to the condition that the real property, or a portion thereof, bear a specified name. 
‘‘(2) The authority conferred by this sub-
section may be delegated by the Secretary con-cerned only to a civilian official appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. 
‘‘(3) A gift may not be accepted under para-
graph (1) if— 
‘‘(A) the acceptance of the gift or the imposi-
tion of the naming-rights condition would re-flect unfavorably upon the United States, as provided in subsection (d)(2); or 
‘‘(B) the real property to be subject to the con-
dition, or portion thereof, has been named by an act of Congress. 
‘‘(4) The Secretaries concerned shall issue uni-
form regulations governing the circumstances under which gifts conditioned on naming rights may be accepted, appropriate naming conven-tions, and suitable display standards.’’. 
SEC. 2813. UTILITY SYSTEM CONVEYANCE AU-
THORITY. 
Section 2688(j) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘CONSTRUCTION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONVEY -
ANCE OF ADDITIONAL ’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (C); (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-
paragraph (A) and, in such subparagraph, by striking ‘‘utility system;’’ and inserting the fol-
lowing: ‘‘utility system or operation of the addi-tional utility infrastructure by the utility or en-tity would be in the best interest of the Govern-ment; and’’; and 
(C) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (B) and, in such subparagraph, by striking ‘‘amount equal to the fair market value of’’ and inserting ‘‘amount for’’. 
SEC. 2814. LEASING OF NON-EXCESS PROPERTY 
OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS AND DEFENSE AGENCIES; TREATMENT OF VALUE PROVIDED BY LOCAL EDU-CATION AGENCIES AND ELEMEN-TARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS. 
Section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) L
EASES FOR EDUCATION .—Notwith-
standing subsection (b)(4), the Secretary con-cerned may accept consideration in an amount that is less than the fair market value of the lease, if the lease is to a local education agency or an elementary or secondary school (as those terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)).’’. 
SEC. 2815. FORCE-STRUCTURE PLAN AND INFRA-
STRUCTURE INVENTORY AND AS-SESSMENT OF INFRASTRUCTURE NECESSARY TO SUPPORT THE FORCE STRUCTURE. 
(a) P REPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF FORCE- 
STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRASTRUCTURE INVEN-
TORY .—Not later than the date on which the 
budget of the President for fiscal year 2017 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, Unites States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees the following: 
(1) A force-structure plan for each of the 
Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps in-formed by— 
(A) an assessment by the Secretary of Defense 
of the probable threats to United States national security; and 
(B) end-strength levels and major military 
force units (including land force divisions, car-rier and other major combatant vessels, air wings, and other comparable units) authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81). 
(2) A categorical inventory of world-wide mili-
tary installations for each military department, including the number and type of facilities for the regular and reserve forces of each military department. 
(b) R
ELATIONSHIP OF PLANS AND INVENTORY .— 
Using the force-structure plans and categorical infrastructure inventory prepared under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense shall pre-pare (and include as part of the submission of such plans and inventory) the following: 
(1) A description of the infrastructure nec-
essary to support the force structure described in each force-structure plan. 
(2) A discussion of categories of excess infra-
structure and infrastructure capacity. 
(3) An assessment of the value of retaining 
certain excess infrastructure to accommodate contingency, mobilization, or surge require-ments. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL EVALUATION .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the submis-sion of the force-structure plans and the cat-egorical infrastructure inventory under sub-section (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees an evaluation of the force- structure plans and the categorical infrastruc-ture inventory, including an evaluation of the accuracy and analytical sufficiency of the plans and inventory. 
SEC. 2816. TEMPORARY REPORTING REQUIRE-
MENTS RELATED TO MAIN OPER-ATING BASES, FORWARD OPERATING SITES, AND COOPERATIVE SECURITY LOCATIONS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than the 
date on which the report required by section 2687a of title 10, United States Code, is sub-
mitted for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report specifying each loca-tion that was newly designated, or had a change in its designation, as a main operating base, forward operating site, or cooperative se-curity location during the preceding fiscal year. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: 
(1) The strategic goal and operational require-
ments supported by the main operating base, forward operating site, or cooperative security location. 
(2) The basis for and cost of any anticipated 
infrastructure improvements to the base, site, or location. 
(3) A summary of the terms of agreements with 
the host nation regarding the base, site, or loca-tion, including access agreements, status of forces agreements, or other implementing agree-ments, including any limitations on United States presence and operations. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SEC. 2817. EXEMPTION OF ARMY OFF-SITE USE 
AND OFF-SITE REMOVAL ONLY NON- MOBILE PROPERTIES FROM CERTAIN EXCESS PROPERTY DISPOSAL RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Excess or unutilized or un-
derutilized non-mobile property of the Army that is situated on non-excess land shall be ex-empt from the requirements of title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that— 
(1) the property is not feasible to relocate; (2) the property is located in an area to which 
the general public is denied access in the inter-est of national security; and 
(3) the exemption would facilitate the efficient 
disposal of excess property or result in more effi-
cient real property management. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—Before making an initial 
determination under the authority provided under subsection (a), and periodically there-after, the Secretary of the Army shall consult with the Executive Director of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness on types of non-mobile properties that may be feasible for relocation and suitable to assist the homeless. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The authority of the Secretary of 
the Army to make a determination under sub-section (a) expires on September 30, 2017. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Asia-Pacific 
Military Realignment 
SEC. 2821. LIMITED EXCEPTION TO RESTRICTION 
ON DEVELOPMENT OF PUBLIC IN-FRASTRUCTURE IN CONNECTION WITH REALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIA-PACIFIC RE-GION. 
Notwithstanding section 2821(b) of the Mili-
tary Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3701), the Secretary of Defense may pro-ceed with a public infrastructure project in-tended to improve water and wastewater sys-tems on Guam if— 
(1) the project was identified in the report pre-
pared by the Secretary of Defense under section 2822(d)(2) of the Military Construction Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1017); and 
(2) amounts have been appropriated or made 
available to be expended by the Department of Defense for the project. 
SEC. 2822. ANNUAL REPORT ON GOVERNMENT OF 
JAPAN CONTRIBUTIONS TOWARD RE-ALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than the 
date of the submission of the budget of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6465 September 29, 2015 
President for each of fiscal years 2017 through 
2026 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that specifies each of the following: 
(1) The total amount contributed by the Gov-
ernment of Japan during the most recently con-cluded Japanese fiscal year under section 2350k of title 10, United States Code, for deposit in the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account. 
(2) The anticipated contributions to be made 
by the Government of Japan under such section during the current and next Japanese fiscal years. 
(3) The projects carried out on Guam or the 
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands during the previous fiscal year using amounts in the Support for United States Relo-cation to Guam Account. 
(4) The anticipated projects that will be car-
ried out on Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands during the fiscal year covered by the budget submission using amounts in such Account. 
(b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENT .—Subsection (e) of section 2824 of 
the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (division B of Public Law 110– 417; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is repealed. 
Subtitle D—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2831. RELEASE OF REVERSIONARY INTEREST 
RETAINED AS PART OF CONVEYANCE TO THE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ALLIANCE OF JEFFERSON COUNTY, 
ARKANSAS. 
(a) R ELEASE OF CONDITIONS AND RETAINED IN-
TERESTS .—With respect to a parcel of real prop-
erty in Jefferson County, Arkansas, consisting of approximately 1,447 acres and conveyed by deed to the Economic Development Alliance of Jefferson County, Arkansas (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Economic Development Alli-ance’’) by the United States for use as the facil-ity known as the ‘‘Bioplex’’ and related activi-ties pursuant to section 2827 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201), the Secretary of the Army may release subject to the conditions of sub-sections (b) and (d) below, the conditions of con-veyance of subsection (c) of such section 2827 and the reversionary interest retained by the United States under subsection (e) of such sec-tion. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .— 
(1) E FFECT OF RECONVEYANCE .—Notwith-
standing subsection (d) of such section 2827, the release authorized by subsection (a) of this sec-tion shall be subject to the condition that, if the Economic Development Alliance reconveys all or any part of the conveyed property during the 25-year period referred to in subsection (c)(2) of such section, the Economic Development Alli-ance shall pay to the United States, upon re-conveyance, an amount equal to the fair market value of the reconveyed property as of the time of the reconveyance, excluding the value of any improvements made to the property by the Eco-nomic Development Alliance. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET VALUE .— 
The Secretary of the Army shall determine fair market value in accordance with Federal ap-praisal standards and procedures. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF LEASES .—The Secretary of 
the Army may treat a lease of the property with-in such 25-year period as a reconveyance if the Secretary determines that the lease is being used to avoid application of paragraph (1). 
(4) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—The Secretary of 
the Army shall deposit any proceeds received under this subsection in the special account es-tablished pursuant to section 572(b) of title 40, United States Code. 
(c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE .—The Secretary 
of the Army may execute and file in the appro-priate office a deed of release, amended deed, or 
other appropriate instrument reflecting the re-lease of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a). 
(d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Army shall require the Economic Development Alliance to cover costs to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the re-lease of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs re-lated to environmental documentation, and other administrative costs related to the release. If amounts paid to the Secretary in advance ex-ceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall re-fund the excess amount to the Economic Devel-opment Alliance. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the release. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same pur-poses, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or ac-count. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The 
Secretary of the Army may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the release of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States, including provisions that the Secretary determines are necessary to preclude any use of the property that would interfere with activities at Pine Bluff Arsenal. 
SEC. 2832. LAND EXCHANGE AUTHORITY, MARE 
ISLAND ARMY RESERVE CENTER, VALLEJO, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) E XCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to sub-
section (b), the Secretary of the Army may carry out a real property exchange with Touro Uni-versity California (in this section referred to as the ‘‘University’’), under which the Secretary will convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty, including any improvements thereon, con-sisting of approximately 3.42 acres of the former Mare Island Naval Shipyard on Azuar Drive in the City of Vallejo, California, and administered by the Secretary as part of the 63rd Regional Support Command, for the purpose of permitting the University to use the parcel for educational and administrative purposes. 
(b) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY CONDITIONAL .— 
The conveyance authority provided by sub-section (a) shall take effect only if the real prop-erty exchange process initiated by the Secretary of the Army in a notice of availability (DACW05–8–15–512) issued on January 28, 2015, and involving the real property described in subsection (a) is terminated unsuccessfully. 
(c) C
ONVEYANCE PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall carry out the real property exchange au-thorized by subsection (a) using the authority available to the Secretary under section 18240 of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) F
ACILITIES TO BEACQUIRED .—In exchange 
for the conveyance of the real property under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall acquire, consistent with subsections (c) and (d) of section 18240 of title 10, United States Code, a facility, or addition to an existing facility, needed to rectify the parking shortage for the Mare Island Army Reserve Center. 
(e) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Army shall require the University to cover costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the con-veyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation re-
lated to the conveyance, and any other adminis-trative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the University in ad-vance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the University. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the con-veyance or, if the period of availability for obli-gations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations or fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(f) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) and acquired under subsection (d) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 
SEC. 2833. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVY OUTLYING 
LANDING FIELD, NAVAL AIR STA-TION, WHITING FIELD, FLORIDA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of the Navy may convey to Escambia County, Florida (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, containing Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County associated with Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Milton, Florida. 
(b) L
ANDTOBEACQUIRED .—In exchange for 
the property described in subsection (a), the County shall convey to the Secretary of the Navy land and improvements thereon in Santa Rosa County, Florida, that is acceptable to the Secretary and suitable for use as a Navy out-lying landing field to replace Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8. 
(c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall require the County to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for en-vironmental documentation, other administra-tive costs related to the land exchange, and all costs associated with relocation of activities and facilities from Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 to the replacement location. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Sec-retary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the land ex-change, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be deter-mined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange 
of real property under this section shall be ac-complished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy and the County, including such addi-tional terms and conditions as the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6466 September 29, 2015 
considers appropriate to protect the interests of 
the United States. 
SEC. 2834. RELEASE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMP VILLERE, LOUISIANA. 
(a) R ELEASE OF RETAINED INTERESTS .—With 
respect to a parcel of real property at Camp Villere, Louisiana, consisting of approximately 48.04 acres and conveyed by quit-claim deed for National Guard purposes by the United States to the State of Louisiana pursuant to section 616 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1975 (titles I through VI of Public Law 93–552; 88 Stat. 1768), the Secretary of the Army may re-lease the terms and conditions imposed by the United States under subsection (b) of such sec-tion and the reversionary interest retained by the United States under subsection (c) of such section. The release of such terms and condi-tions and retained interests with respect to any portion of that parcel shall not be construed to alter the rights or interests retained by the United States with respect to the remainder of the real property conveyed to the State under such section. 
(b) C
ONDITION OF RELEASE .—The release au-
thorized by subsection (a) of terms and condi-tions and retained interests shall be subject to the condition that the State of Louisiana— 
(1) transfer the parcel of real property de-
scribed in such subsection from the Louisiana Military Department to the Louisiana Agricul-tural Finance Authority for the purpose of per-mitting the Louisiana Agricultural Finance Au-thority to use the parcel for any purposes al-lowed by State law; and 
(2) make available to the Louisiana Military 
Department real property to replace the trans-ferred parcel that is suitable for use for National Guard training and operational support for emergency management and homeland defense activities. 
(c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE AND DESCRIPTION  
OFPROPERTY .—The Secretary of the Army may 
execute and file in the appropriate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument reflecting the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under sub-section (a). The exact acreage and legal descrip-tion of the property described in such subsection shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 
(d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Army may require the State of Louisiana to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release of retained interests under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs related to environmental documenta-tion, and other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts paid to the Sec-retary in advance exceed the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release of retained interests under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the re-lease of retained interests. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same pur-poses, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or ac-count. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The 
Secretary of the Army may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the release of retained interests under sub-section (a) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. SEC. 2835. RELEASE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, FORT BLISS MILITARY RESERVATION, TEXAS. 
(a) R ELEASE OF RETAINED INTERESTS .—With 
respect to a parcel of real property in El Paso, Texas, consisting of approximately 20 acres and conveyed by deed for National Guard and mili-tary purposes by the United States to the State of Texas pursuant to section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412), the Secretary of the Army may release the rights reserved by the United States under subsections (d) and (e)(2) of such section and the reversionary interest re-tained by the United States under subsection (e)(1) of such section. The release of such rights and retained interests with respect to any por-tion of that parcel shall not be construed to alter the rights or interests retained by the United States with respect to the remainder of the real property conveyed to the State under such section. 
(b) C
ONDITION OF RELEASE .—The release au-
thorized by subsection (a) of rights and retained interests shall be subject to the condition that— 
(1) the State of Texas sell the parcel of real 
property covered by the release for fair market value; and 
(2) all proceeds from the sale shall be used to 
fund improvements or repairs for National Guard and military purposes on the remainder of the property conveyed under section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412) and re-tained by the State. 
(c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE AND DESCRIPTION  
OFPROPERTY .—The Secretary of the Army may 
execute and file in the appropriate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument reflecting the release of rights and retained interests under subsection (a). The exact acreage and legal description of the prop-erty for which rights and retained interests are released under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 
(d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Army may require the State of Texas to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reim-burse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release of retained interests under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs related to environmental documenta-tion, and other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts paid to the Sec-retary in advance exceed the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release of retained interests under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the re-lease of retained interests. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same pur-poses, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or ac-count. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The 
Secretary of the Army may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the release of retained interests under sub-section (a) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States, to include necessary munitions response actions by the State of Texas in accordance with subsection (e)(3) of section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412). Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals 
SEC. 2841. ADDITIONAL WITHDRAWAL AND RES-
ERVATION OF PUBLIC LAND, NAVAL AIR WEAPONS STATION CHINA LAKE, CALIFORNIA. 
Section 2971(b) of the Military Construction 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1044) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The public land’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
NITIAL WITHDRAWAL .—The public land’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A DDITIONAL WITHDRAWAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the public land (including inter-ests in land) referred to in subsection (a) also includes the approximately 21,060 acres of public land in San Bernardino County, California, identified as ‘Proposed Navy Land’ on the map entitled ‘Proposed Navy Withdrawal’, dated March 10, 2015, and filed in accordance with section 2912. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED LANDS .—The withdrawal area 
referred to in subparagraph (A) specifically ex-cludes section 36, township 29 south, range 43 east, San Bernardino meridian. 
‘‘(C) E
XISTING RIGHTS AND ACCESS .—The with-
drawal and reservation of public land pursuant to subparagraph (A) is subject to valid existing rights. The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that the owners of the excluded private land identified in subparagraph (B) continue to have reasonable access to such land.’’. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 2851. MODIFICATION OF DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE GUIDANCE ON USE OF AIR-FIELD PAVEMENT MARKINGS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall require such 
modifications of Unified Facilities Guide Speci-fications for pavement markings (UFGS 32 17 23.00 20 Pavement Markings, UFGS 32 17 24.00 10 Pavement Markings), Air Force Engineering Technical Letter ETL 97–18 (Guide Specification for Airfield and Roadway Marking), and any other Department of Defense guidance on air-field pavement markings as may be necessary to permit the use of Type III category of retro-re-flective beads to reflectorize airfield markings. The Secretary shall develop appropriate policy to ensure that the determination of the category of retro-reflective beads used on an airfield is determined on an installation-by-installation basis, taking into consideration local conditions and the life-cycle maintenance costs of the pavement markings. 
SEC. 2852. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR ES-
TABLISHMENT OF COMMEMORATIVE WORK IN HONOR OF BRIGADIER GENERAL FRANCIS MARION. 
Notwithstanding section 8903(e) of title 40, 
United States Code, the authority provided by section 331 of the Consolidated Natural Re-sources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229; 122 Stat. 781; 40 U.S.C. 8903 note) shall continue to apply through May 8, 2018. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Adminis-
tration. 
Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Sec. 3111. Improvement to accountability of De-
partment of Energy employees and projects. 
Sec. 3112. Stockpile responsiveness program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6467 September 29, 2015 
Sec. 3113. Notification of cost overruns and Se-
lected Acquisition Reports for major alteration projects. 
Sec. 3114. Root cause analyses for certain cost 
overruns. 
Sec. 3115. Funding of laboratory-directed re-
search and development pro-grams. 
Sec. 3116. Hanford Waste Treatment and Immo-
bilization Plant contract over-sight. 
Sec. 3117. Use of best practices for capital asset 
projects and nuclear weapon life extension programs. 
Sec. 3118. Research and development of ad-
vanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. 
Sec. 3119. Disposition of weapons-usable pluto-
nium. 
Sec. 3120. Establishment of microlab pilot pro-
gram. 
Sec. 3121. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for provision of defense nuclear nonproliferation assistance to Russian Federation. 
Sec. 3122. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for new fixed site radiological por-tal monitors in foreign countries. 
Sec. 3123. Limitation on availability of funds 
for certain arms control and non-proliferation technologies. 
Sec. 3124. Limitation on availability of funds 
for nuclear weapons dismantle-ment. 
Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
Sec. 3131. Long-term plan for meeting national 
security requirements for unencumbered uranium. 
Sec. 3132. Defense nuclear nonproliferation 
management plan and reports. 
Sec. 3133. Plan for deactivation and decommis-
sioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities. 
Sec. 3134. Assessment of emergency prepared-
ness of defense nuclear facilities. 
Sec. 3135. Modifications to cost-benefit analyses 
for competition of management and operating contracts. 
Sec. 3136. Interagency review of applications 
for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology. 
Sec. 3137. Governance and management of nu-
clear security enterprise. 
Sec. 3138. Annual report on number of full-time 
equivalent employees and con-tractor employees. 
Sec. 3139. Development of strategy on risks to 
nonproliferation caused by addi-tive manufacturing. 
Sec. 3140. Plutonium pit production capacity. Sec. 3141. Assessments on nuclear proliferation 
risks and nuclear nonprolifera-tion opportunities. 
Sec. 3142. Analysis of alternatives for Mobile 
Guardian Transporter program. 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-
ISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for the activities of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT 
PROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection 
(a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out the following new plant project for the National Nuclear Security Administration: 
Project 16–D–621, Substation Replacement at 
Technical Area 3, Los Alamos National Labora-tory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, $25,000,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for defense environmental cleanup ac-
tivities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. IMPROVEMENT TO ACCOUNTABILITY 
OF DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY EM-PLOYEES AND PROJECTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National 
Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3245. NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE PRAC-
TICES AFFECTING NATIONAL SECU-RITY. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL NOTIFICATION .—At or about the 
time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator shall jointly notify the appro-priate congressional committees of— 
‘‘(1) the number of covered employees whose 
security clearance was revoked during the year prior to the year in which the notification is made; and 
‘‘(2) for each employee counted under para-
graph (1), the length of time such employee has been employed at the Department or the Admin-istration, as the case may be, since such revoca-tion. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEES .—Whenever the Secretary or the Ad-
ministrator terminates the employment of a cov-ered employee or removes and reassigns a cov-ered employee for cause, the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such termination or reassignment by not later than 30 days after the date of such termination or reassignment. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered employee’ means— ‘‘(A) an employee of the Administration; or ‘‘(B) an employee of an element of the Depart-
ment of Energy (other than the Administration) involved in nuclear security.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3244 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 3245. Notification of employee practices 
affecting national security.’’. 
(3) O
NE-TIME CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate written certification that the Secretary and the Administrator possess the authorities needed to terminate the employment of an employee for cause relating to improper program manage-ment, as described in section 3246(a) of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (as added by subsection (b)(1)). (b) L
IMITATION ON BONUSES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Such subtitle, as amended by 
subsection (a)(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3246. LIMITATION ON BONUSES FOR EM-
PLOYEES WHO ENGAGE IN IM-PROPER PROGRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy or 
the Administrator may not pay to a covered em-ployee a bonus during the one-year period be-ginning on the date on which the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, deter-mines that the covered employee engaged in im-proper program management that resulted in a notification under section 4713 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) or signifi-cantly and detrimentally affected the cost, scope, or schedule associated with the approval of critical decision 3 in the acquisition process for a project (as defined in Department of En-ergy Order 413.3B (relating to program manage-ment and project management for the acquisi-tion of capital assets)). 
‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE .—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue guidance for the implementation of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE PROHIBITING BONUSES FOR AD-
DITIONAL EMPLOYEES .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary and the Administrator shall each issue guidance prohibiting the payment of a bonus to a covered employee during the one- year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, determines that the covered employee en-gaged in improper program management— 
‘‘(1) that jeopardized the health, safety, or se-
curity of employees or facilities of the Adminis-tration or another element of the Department of Energy involved in nuclear security; or 
‘‘(2) in carrying out defense nuclear non-
proliferation activities. 
‘‘(c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary or the Adminis-
trator, as the case may be, may waive the limi-tation on the payment of a bonus under sub-section (a) or (b) on a case-by-case basis if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary or the Administrator, as the 
case may be, notifies the appropriate congres-sional committees of such waiver; and 
‘‘(2) a period of 60 days elapses following such 
notification. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘bonus’ means a bonus or award 
paid under title 5, United States Code, including under chapters 45 or 53 of such title, or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘covered employee’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 3245.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act, as amended by subsection (a)(2), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3245 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 3246. Limitation on bonuses for employees 
who engage in improper program management.’’. 
(c) T
REATMENT OF CONTACTOR EMPLOYEES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Such subtitle, as amended by 
subsections (a)(1) and (b)(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3247. TREATMENT OF CONTRACTORS WHO 
ENGAGE IN IMPROPER PROGRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), if the Secretary of Energy or the Ad-ministrator determines that a covered contractor engaged in improper program management that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6468 September 29, 2015 
resulted in a notification under section 4713 of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) or significantly and detrimentally affected the cost, scope, or schedule associated with the ap-proval of critical decision 3 in the acquisition process for a project (as defined in Department of Energy Order 413.3B (relating to program management and project management for the acquisition of capital assets)), the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees— 
‘‘(1) an explanation as to whether termination 
of the contract is an appropriate remedy; 
‘‘(2) a description of the terms of the contract 
regarding award fees and performance; and 
‘‘(3) a description of how the Secretary or the 
Administrator, as the case may be, plans to ex-ercise options under the contract. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary or the Ad-
ministrator, as the case may be, is not able to submit the information described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a) by reason of a contract enforcement action, the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a notification of such contract enforcement action and the date on which the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, plans to submit the information described in such para-graphs. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered contractor’ means— ‘‘(A) a contractor of the Administration; or ‘‘(B) a contractor of an element of the Depart-
ment of Energy (other than the Administration) involved in nuclear security.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act, as amended by subsections (a)(2) and (b)(2), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 3246 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 3247. Treatment of contractors who en-
gage in improper program man-agement.’’. 
SEC. 3112. STOCKPILE RESPONSIVENESS PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) a modern and responsive nuclear weapons 
infrastructure is only one component of a nu-clear posture that is agile, flexible, and respon-sive to change; and 
(2) to ensure the nuclear deterrent of the 
United States remains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and responsive, the United States must continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4220. STOCKPILE RESPONSIVENESS PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States to identify, sustain, en-hance, integrate, and continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, de-sign, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons to ensure the nuclear deterrent of the United States remains safe, se-cure, reliable, credible, and responsive. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Energy, acting through the Administrator and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out a stockpile responsiveness pro-gram, along with the stockpile stewardship pro-gram under section 4201 and the stockpile man-
agement program under section 4204, to identify, sustain, enhance, integrate, and continually ex-ercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
‘‘(c) O
BJECTIVES .—The program under sub-
section (b) shall have the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) Identify, sustain, enhance, integrate, and 
continually exercise all of the capabilities, in-frastructure, tools, and technologies across the science, engineering, design, certification, and manufacturing cycle required to carry out all phases of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process, with respect to both the nuclear secu-rity enterprise and relevant elements of the De-partment of Defense. 
‘‘(2) Identify, enhance, and transfer knowl-
edge, skills, and direct experience with respect to all phases of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process from one generation of nuclear weapon designers and engineers to the following generation. 
‘‘(3) Periodically demonstrate stockpile re-
sponsiveness throughout the range of capabili-ties required, including prototypes, flight test-ing, and development of plans for certification without the need for nuclear explosive testing. 
‘‘(4) Shorten design, certification, and manu-
facturing cycles and timelines to minimize the amount of time and costs leading to an engi-neering prototype and production. 
‘‘(5) Continually exercise processes for the in-
tegration and coordination of all relevant ele-ments and processes of the Administration and the Department of Defense required to ensure stockpile responsiveness. 
‘‘(d) J
OINT NUCLEAR WEAPONS LIFECYCLE 
PROCESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘joint nuclear weapons life cycle process’ means the process developed and maintained by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of En-ergy for the development, production, mainte-nance, and retirement of nuclear weapons.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4219 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4220. Stockpile responsiveness program.’’. 
(c) I
NCLUSION IN STOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP , 
MANAGEMENT , ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4203 of such Act (50 
U.S.C. 2523) is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ INFRA -
STRUCTURE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RESPONSIVENESS ’’; 
(B) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘stockpile 
responsiveness,’’ after ‘‘stockpile management,’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as 
paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) A summary of the status, plans, and 
budgets for carrying out the stockpile respon-siveness program under section 4220.’’; 
(D) in subsection (d)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘stewardship and management’’ and inserting ‘‘stewardship, stockpile management, and stockpile responsiveness’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(iii) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(M) the status, plans, activities, budgets, 
and schedules for carrying out the stockpile re-sponsiveness program under section 4220; and 
‘‘(N) for each of the five fiscal years following 
the fiscal year in which the report is submitted, an identification of the funds needed to carry out the program required under section 4220.’’; and 
(E) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) whether the plan supports the stockpile 
responsiveness program under section 4220 in a manner that meets the objectives of such pro-gram and an identification of any improvements that may be made to the plan to better carry out such program.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4203 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4203. Nuclear weapons stockpile steward-
ship, management, and respon-siveness plan.’’. 
(d) R
EPORT BY STRATCOM.—Section 
4205(e)(4) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 2525(e)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) the views of the Commander on the 
stockpile responsiveness program under section 4220, the activities conducted under such pro-gram, and any suggestions to improve such pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 3113. NOTIFICATION OF COST OVERRUNS 
AND SELECTED ACQUISITION RE-PORTS FOR MAJOR ALTERATION PROJECTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION OF COSTOVERRUNS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4713(a) of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753(a)) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) M
AJOR ALTERATION PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish a cost and schedule baseline for each major alteration project. 
‘‘(B) P
ER UNIT COST .—The cost baseline devel-
oped under subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to each major alteration project, an estimated cost for each warhead in the project. 
‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESSIONAL DE -
FENSE COMMITTEES .—Not later than 30 days 
after establishing a cost and schedule baseline under subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall submit the cost and schedule baseline to the congressional defense committees. 
‘‘(D) M
AJOR ALTERATION PROJECT DEFINED .— 
In this paragraph, the term ‘major alteration project’ means a nuclear weapon system alter-ation project of the Administration the cost of which exceeds $750,000,000.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 4713 
of such Act is further amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or (3)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(3), or (4)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or a major alteration project 
referred to in subsection (a)(2)’’ after ‘‘sub-section (a)(1)’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘or (a)(2)(B), as applicable,’’; 
and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘or a 
major alteration project referred to in subsection (a)(2)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF MAJOR ALTERATION  
PROJECTS IN SELECTED ACQUISITION REPORTS  
ANDINDEPENDENT COSTESTIMATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4217 of such Act (50 
U.S.C. 2537) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘or a 
major alteration project (as defined in section 4713(a)(2))’’ after ‘‘life extension’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by adding at the 
end the following new clause: 
‘‘(iv) Each nuclear weapons system under-
going a major alteration project (as defined in section 4713(a)(2)).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6469 September 29, 2015 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) The section heading for section 4217 of 
such Act is amended by striking ‘‘ LIFE EXTEN -
SION PROGRAMS AND NEW NUCLEAR FACILITIES ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ CERTAIN PROGRAMS AND FACILI -
TIES’’. 
(B) The table of contents for such Act is 
amended by striking the item relating to section 4217 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4217. Selected Acquisition Reports and 
independent cost estimates and re-views of certain programs and fa-cilities.’’. 
SEC. 3114. ROOT CAUSE ANALYSES FOR CERTAIN 
COST OVERRUNS. 
Section 4713(c) of the Atomic Energy Defense 
Act (50 U.S.C. 2753(c)), as amended by section 3113, is further amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by inserting 
‘‘
AND ROOT CAUSE ANALYSES ’’ after 
‘‘PROJECTS ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following para-
graph: 
‘‘(3) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees an assessment of the root cause or causes of the growth in the total cost of the project, including the contribution of any short-comings in cost, schedule, or performance of the program, including the role, if any, of— 
‘‘(A) unrealistic performance expectations; ‘‘(B) unrealistic baseline estimates for cost or 
schedule; 
‘‘(C) immature technologies or excessive man-
ufacturing or integration risk; 
‘‘(D) unanticipated design, engineering, man-
ufacturing, or technology integration issues arising during program performance; 
‘‘(E) changes in procurement quantities; ‘‘(F) inadequate program funding or funding 
instability; 
‘‘(G) poor performance by personnel of the 
Federal Government or contractor personnel re-sponsible for program management; or 
‘‘(H) any other matters.’’. 
SEC. 3115. FUNDING OF LABORATORY-DIRECTED 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4811(c) of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791(c)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘to such laboratories’’ and in-
serting ‘‘to a national security laboratory’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘not to exceed 6 percent’’ and 
inserting ‘‘of not less than 5 percent and not more than 7 percent’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘by such laboratories’’ and in-
serting ‘‘by the laboratory’’. 
(b) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-
ruary 28, 2016, the Administrator for Nuclear Se-curity shall provide a briefing to the congres-sional defense committees on— 
(1) all recent or ongoing reviews of the labora-
tory-directed research and development pro-gram, including such reviews initiated by the Secretary of Energy; 
(2) costs and accounting practices associated 
with laboratory-directed research and develop-ment; and 
(3) how laboratory-directed research and de-
velopment projects support the mission of the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
SEC. 3116. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND IM-
MOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title XLIV of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4446. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND 
IMMOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall arrange to have 
an owner’s agent advise the Secretary in car-rying out the oversight responsibilities of the Secretary with respect to the contract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTRACT DESCRIBED .—The contract de-
scribed in this subsection is the contract be-tween the Office of River Protection of the De-partment of Energy and Bechtel National, Inc., or its successor relating to the Hanford Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant (contract number DE–AC27–01RV14136). 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the owner’s agent 
under subsection (a) shall include advising the Secretary with respect to the following: 
‘‘(1) Performing design, construction, nuclear 
safety, and operability oversight of each facility covered by the contract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) Beginning not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, ensuring that the preliminary documented safe-ty analyses for all facilities covered by the con-tract meet the requirements of all applicable De-partment of Energy regulations and guidance, including section 830.206 of title 10, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, and the Department of Energy Standard on the Integration of Safety into the Design Process (DOE–STD–1189–2008). 
‘‘(3) Ensuring that, until the Secretary ap-
proves the documented safety analysis for each facility covered by the contract, the contractor ensures that each preliminary documented safe-ty analysis is current. 
‘‘(4) Ensuring that the contractor acts to 
promptly resolve any unreviewed safety ques-tions. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT ON ACTIVITIES OF OWNER ’S 
AGENT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and every 180 days thereafter, the owner’s agent specified in subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary a report on the advice provided by the owner’s agent to the Secretary under that sub-section with respect to oversight of the contract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Information on the status of, and the 
plan for resolving, each unreviewed safety ques-tion at each facility covered by the contract de-scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) An identification of each instance of dis-
agreement between the owner’s agent and the contractor with respect to whether an unreviewed safety question exists and the plan for resolution of the disagreement. 
‘‘(C) An identification of each aspect of each 
preliminary documented safety analysis that is not current, the plan for making that aspect current, and the status of the corrective efforts. 
‘‘(D) Information on the status of, and the 
plan for resolving, each unresolved technical issue at each facility covered by the contract, and the status of corrective efforts. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall transmit to the congressional defense com-mittees the report required by paragraph (1) and any views of the Secretary with respect to the report. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT ON SELECTION OF THE OWNER ’S 
AGENT.—Not later than 30 days after the selec-
tion of the owner’s agent under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the process used to select the owner’s agent to ensure that the owner’s agent does not have a conflict of inter-est. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘contractor’ means Bechtel Na-
tional, Inc. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘current’, with respect to a doc-
umented safety analysis, means that the docu-mented safety analysis includes any design changes approved by the contractor and any safety evaluation reports issued by the Secretary 
with respect to the facility covered by the anal-ysis before the date that is 60 days before the date of the analysis. 
‘‘(3) The terms ‘documented safety analysis’, 
‘safety evaluation report’, and ‘unreviewed safety question’ have the meanings given those terms in section 830.3 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar rul-ing or regulation). 
‘‘(4) The term ‘owner’s agent’ means a private 
third-party entity with nuclear safety manage-ment expertise.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4445 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4446. Hanford Waste Treatment and Im-
mobilization Plant contract over-sight.’’. 
SEC. 3117. USE OF BEST PRACTICES FOR CAPITAL 
ASSET PROJECTS AND NUCLEAR WEAPON LIFE EXTENSION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) A NALYSES OF ALTERNATIVES .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in coordina-tion with the Administrator for Nuclear Secu-rity, shall ensure that analyses of alternatives are conducted (including through contractors, as appropriate) in accordance with best prac-tices for capital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration and capital asset projects relating to defense environmental management. 
(b) C
OSTESTIMATES .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall develop cost estimates in accord-ance with cost estimating best practices for cap-ital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration and capital asset projects relating to defense en-vironmental management. 
(c) R
EVISIONS TO DEPARTMENTAL PROJECT  
MANAGEMENT ORDER AND NUCLEAR WEAPON  
LIFEEXTENSION REQUIREMENTS .—As soon as 
practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but not later than two years after such date of enactment, the Secretary shall revise— 
(1) the capital asset project management order 
of the Department of Energy to require the use of best practices for preparing cost estimates and for conducting analyses of alternatives for Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration and de-fense environmental management capital asset projects; and 
(2) the nuclear weapon life extension program 
procedures of the Department to require the use of use of best practices for preparing cost esti-mates and conducting analyses of alternatives for National Nuclear Security Administration life extension programs. 
SEC. 3118. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF AD-
VANCED NAVAL NUCLEAR FUEL SYS-TEM BASED ON LOW-ENRICHED URA-NIUM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation for material management and minimization, as specified in the funding table in section 4701, not more than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors for initial planning and early research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. 
(b) C
ONCEPTUAL PROGRAM PLAN.—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a con-ceptual plan for a program for research and de-velopment of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium to meet military requirements. Such plan shall include the following: 
(1) Timelines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6470 September 29, 2015 
(2) Costs (including an analysis of the cost of 
such research and development as compared to the cost of maintaining current naval nuclear reactor technology). 
(3) Milestones, including an identification of 
decision points in which the Deputy Adminis-trator shall determine whether further research and development of a low-enriched uranium naval nuclear fuel system is warranted. 
(4) Identification of any benefits or risks for 
nuclear nonproliferation of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
(5) Identification of any military benefits or 
risks of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
(6) A discussion of potential security cost sav-
ings from using low-enriched uranium in future naval nuclear fuels, including for transporting and using low-enriched uranium fuel, and how such cost savings relate to the cost of fuel fab-rication. 
(7) The distinguishment between requirements 
for aircraft carriers from submarines. 
(8) Any other matters the Deputy Adminis-
trator determines appropriate. 
(c) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUED RESEARCH  
ANDDEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) D ETERMINATION .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date on which the Deputy Adminis-trator submits the conceptual plan to the con-gressional defense committees under subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the congres-sional defense committees the determination of the Secretaries as to whether the United States should continue to pursue research and develop-ment of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. 
(2) B
UDGET REQUEST .—If the Secretaries deter-
mine under paragraph (1) that research and de-velopment of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium should continue, the Secretaries shall ensure that the budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 (and for fiscal year 2017, if feasible) submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes in the budget line item for the ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ ac-count for material management and minimiza-tion amounts necessary to carry out the concep-tual plan under subsection (b). 
(d) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—If the 
Secretaries determine under subsection (c)(1) that research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium should continue, not later than 60 days after such determination, the Deputy Adminis-trator shall enter into a memorandum of under-standing with the Deputy Administrator for De-fense Nuclear Nonproliferation regarding such research and development, including with re-spect to how funding for such research and de-velopment will be requested for the ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ account for material management and minimization and provided to the ‘‘Naval Reactors’’ account to carry out the program. 
SEC. 3119. DISPOSITION OF WEAPONS-USABLE 
PLUTONIUM. 
(a) M IXED-OXIDE FUEL FABRICATION FACIL-
ITY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Using funds described in 
paragraph (3), the Secretary of Energy shall carry out construction and project support ac-tivities relating to the MOX facility. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1), not more than $5,000,000 of the funds de-scribed in paragraph (3) may be obligated or ex-pended to conduct an analysis of alternative op-tions for carrying out the plutonium disposition program. 
(3) F
UNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in 
this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration for the MOX facility for construc-tion and project support activities. (B) Funds authorized to be appropriated for a 
fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2016 for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project sup-port activities that are unobligated as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) U
PDATED PERFORMANCE BASELINE .—The 
Secretary shall include in the budget justifica-tion materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Energy budget (as sub-mitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal year 2017 an updated performance baseline for construction and project support ac-tivities relating to the MOX facility conducted in accordance with Department of Energy Order 413.3B (relating to program and project manage-ment for the acquisition of capital assets). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) MOX FACILITY .—The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ 
means the mixed-oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Caro-lina. 
(2) P
ROJECT SUPPORT ACTIVITIES .—The term 
‘‘project support activities’’ means activities that support the design, long-lead equipment procurement, and site preparation of the MOX facility. 
SEC. 3120. ESTABLISHMENT OF MICROLAB PILOT 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy, in 
consultation with the directors of the national security laboratories, may establish a microlab pilot program under which the Secretary estab-lishes a microlab for the purposes of— 
(1) enhancing collaboration with regional re-
search groups, such as institutions of higher education and industry groups; 
(2) accelerating technology transfer from na-
tional security laboratories to the marketplace; and 
(3) promoting regional workforce development 
through science, technology, engineering, and mathematics instruction and training. 
(b) C
RITERIA .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In determining the place-
ment of a microlab under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— 
(A) the interest of a national security labora-
tory in establishing a microlab; 
(B) the existence of an available facility that 
has the capability to house a microlab; 
(C) whether employees of a national security 
laboratory and persons from academia, indus-try, and government are available to be assigned to the microlab; and 
(D) cost-sharing or in-kind contributions from 
State and local governments and private indus-try. 
(2) C
OST-SHARING .—The Secretary shall, to the 
extent feasible, require cost-sharing or in-kind contributions described in paragraph (1)(D) to cover the full cost of the microlab under sub-section (a). 
(c) T
IMING .—If the Secretary, in consultation 
with the directors of the national security lab-oratories, elects to establish a microlab pilot pro-gram under this section, the Secretary, in col-laboration with such directors, shall— 
(1) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, begin the process of determining the placement of the microlab under subsection (a); and 
(2) not later than one year after such date of 
enactment, implement the microlab pilot pro-gram under this section. 
(d) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—If the Secretary, in 
consultation with the directors of the national security laboratories, elects to establish a microlab pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees— 
(1) not later than 120 days after the date of 
the implementation of the program, a report that provides an update on the implementation of the program; and 
(2) not later than one year after the date of 
the implementation of the program, a report on the program, including findings and rec-
ommendations of the Secretary with respect to the program. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
(2) M
ICROLAB .—The term ‘‘microlab’’ means a 
facility that is— 
(A) in close proximity to, but outside the pe-
rimeter of, a national security laboratory; 
(B) an extension of or affiliated with a na-
tional security laboratory; and 
(C) accessible to the public. (3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORY .—The 
term ‘‘national security laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3281 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471). 
SEC. 3121. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR PROVISION OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION AS-SISTANCE TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities may be obli-gated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Energy, with-
out delegation, may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary— 
(1) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees a report containing— 
(A) notification that such a waiver is in the 
national security interest of the United States; and 
(B) justification for such a waiver; and (2) a period of 15 days elapses following the 
date on which the Secretary submits such re-port. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 3122. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR NEW FIXED SITE RADIO-LOGICAL PORTAL MONITORS IN FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration may be obligated or expended for the installation, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, of fixed site radiological portal monitors or equip-ment in foreign countries until the date on which the Director of National Intelligence sub-mits to the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the appropriate congressional committees, consistent with the provision of classified infor-mation and protection of sources and methods, a report containing an assessment of— 
(1) whether and the extent to which fixed site 
and mobile radiological monitors address nu-clear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; 
(2) the contribution of other threat reduction 
programs and how well such programs address nuclear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; 
(3) which programs have the greatest impact 
and cost-benefit for addressing nuclear non-proliferation and smuggling threats; and 
(4) such other matters as the Director con-
siders appropriate. 
(b) P
LANREQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Administrator shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a plan for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6471 September 29, 2015 
transitioning fixed site radiological portal mon-
itors installed in foreign countries before or after the date of the enactment of this Act to being sustained, to the greatest extent possible, by the countries in which such monitors are lo-cated. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-
graph (1) shall include— 
(A) timelines for the transition of the radio-
logical portal monitors described in paragraph (1) to being sustained by the countries in which such monitors are located; and 
(B) an estimate of the costs expected to be in-
curred by the United States before the transition is complete. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 3123. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR CERTAIN ARMS CON-TROL AND NONPROLIFERATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Office of Nonproliferation and Arms Control of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration may be obligated or expended to test and validate arms control and nonproliferation vertification and monitoring technologies designed to be used to verify and monitor obligations under arms con-trol treaties or other international agreements to which the United States is not a signatory until the Administrator for Nuclear Security submits to the congressional defense committees a com-prehensive review of all arms control and non-proliferation vertification and monitoring tech-nologies that are in research and development or production as of the date of the enactment of this Act under the defense nuclear nonprolifera-tion programs of the Administration. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to each arms control and nonproliferation vertification and monitoring technology covered by the re-view, a statement of— 
(1) the technology readiness level of the tech-
nology; 
(2) the obligation under a treaty or other 
international agreement supported by the tech-nology; and 
(3) the purpose for which the technology is 
being developed or produced. 
SEC. 3124. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR NUCLEAR WEAPONS DIS-MANTLEMENT. 
(a) L IMITATION ON MAXIMUM AMOUNT FOR  
DISMANTLEMENT .—Of the funds authorized to be 
appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration, not more than $50,000,000 may be obligated or expended to carry out the nuclear weapons dismantlement and disposition activities of the Administration. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON DISMANTLEMENT OF CER-
TAIN CRUISE MISSILE WARHEADS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided by para-
graph (2), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration may be obli-gated or expended to dismantle or dispose of a W84 nuclear weapon. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation in paragraph 
(1) shall not apply to activities necessary to con-duct maintenance or surveillance of the nuclear weapons stockpile or activities to ensure the safety or reliability of the nuclear weapons stockpile. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
SEC. 3131. LONG-TERM PLAN FOR MEETING NA-
TIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNENCUMBERED URANIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.), as amended by section 3112, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4221. LONG-TERM PLAN FOR MEETING NA-
TIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNENCUMBERED URANIUM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Concurrent with the sub-
mission to Congress of the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, in each even-numbered year begin-ning in 2016 and ending in 2026, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for meeting national security requirements for unencumbered uranium through 2065. 
‘‘(b) P
LANREQUIREMENTS .—The plan required 
by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) An inventory of unencumbered uranium 
(other than depleted uranium), by program source and enrichment level, that, as of the date of the plan, is allocated to national security re-quirements. 
‘‘(2) An inventory of unencumbered uranium 
(other than depleted uranium), by program source and enrichment level, that, as of the date of the plan, is not allocated to national security requirements but could be allocated to such re-quirements. 
‘‘(3) An identification of national security re-
quirements for unencumbered uranium, by pro-gram source and enrichment level. 
‘‘(4) A description of any shortfall in obtain-
ing unencumbered uranium to meet national se-curity requirements and an assessment of whether that shortfall could be mitigated through the blending down of uranium that is of a higher enrichment level. 
‘‘(5) An inventory of unencumbered depleted 
uranium, an assessment of the portion of that uranium that could be allocated to national se-curity requirements through re-enrichment, and an estimate of the costs of re-enriching that ura-nium. 
‘‘(6) A description of the swap and barter 
agreements involving unencumbered uranium needed to meet national security requirements that are in effect on the date of the plan. 
‘‘(7) An assessment of whether additional en-
richment of uranium will be required to meet na-tional security requirements and an estimate of the time for production operations and the cost for each type of enrichment being considered. 
‘‘(8) A description of changes in policy that 
would mitigate any shortfall in obtaining unencumbered uranium to meet national secu-rity requirements and the implications of those changes. 
‘‘(c) F
ORM OF PLAN.—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘depleted’, with respect to ura-
nium, means that the uranium is depleted in uranium-235 compared with natural uranium. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘unencumbered’, with respect to 
uranium, means that the United States has no obligation to foreign governments to use the uranium for only peaceful purposes.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act, as amended by section 3112, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4220 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4221. Long-term plan for meeting national 
security requirements for unencumbered uranium.’’. 
SEC. 3132. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-
TION MANAGEMENT PLAN AND RE-PORTS. 
(a) D EFENSE NUCLEAR PROLIFERATION MAN-
AGEMENT PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Title XLIII of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2563 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following 
new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4309. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-
TION MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Concurrent with the sub-
mission to Congress of the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, in each fiscal year, the Adminis-trator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a five-year management plan for ac-tivities associated with the defense nuclear non-proliferation programs of the Administration to prevent and counter the proliferation of mate-rials, technology, equipment, and expertise re-lated to nuclear and radiological weapons in order to minimize and address the risk of nu-clear terrorism and the proliferation of such weapons. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to each defense nuclear nonproliferation program of the Administration, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the policy context in 
which the program operates, including— 
‘‘(A) a list of relevant laws, policy directives 
issued by the President, and international agreements; and 
‘‘(B) nuclear nonproliferation activities car-
ried out by other Federal agencies. 
‘‘(2) A description of the objectives and prior-
ities of the program during the year preceding the submission of the plan required by sub-section (a). 
‘‘(3) A description of the activities carried out 
under the program during that year. 
‘‘(4) A description of the accomplishments and 
challenges of the program during that year, based on an assessment of metrics and objectives previously established to determine the effective-ness of the program. 
‘‘(5) A description of any gaps that remain 
that were not or could not be addressed by the program during that year. 
‘‘(6) An identification and explanation of un-
committed or uncosted balances for the program, as of the date of the submission of the plan re-quired by subsection (a), that are greater than the acceptable carryover thresholds, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Energy. 
‘‘(7) An identification of funds for the pro-
gram received through contributions from or cost-sharing agreements with foreign govern-ments consistent section 3132(f) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)) during the year preceding the submission of the plan required by subsection (a) and an explanation of such contributions and agreements. 
‘‘(8) A description and assessment of activities 
carried out under the program during that year that were coordinated with other elements of the Department of Energy, with the Department of Defense, and with other Federal agencies, to maximize efficiency and avoid redundancies. 
‘‘(9) Plans for activities of the program during 
the five-year period beginning on the date on which the plan required by subsection (a) is submitted, including activities with respect to the following: 
‘‘(A) Preventing nuclear and radiological pro-
liferation and terrorism, including through— 
‘‘(i) material management and minimization, 
particularly with respect to removing or mini-mizing the use of highly enriched uranium, plu-tonium, and radiological materials worldwide (and identifying the countries in which such materials are located), efforts to dispose of sur-plus material, converting reactors from highly enriched uranium to low-enriched uranium (and identifying the countries in which such reactors are located); 
‘‘(ii) global nuclear material security, includ-
ing securing highly enriched uranium, pluto-nium, and radiological materials worldwide (and identifying the countries in which such materials are located), and providing radiation detection capabilities at foreign ports and bor-ders; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6472 September 29, 2015 
‘‘(iii) nonproliferation and arms control, in-
cluding nuclear verification and safeguards; 
‘‘(iv) defense nuclear research and develop-
ment, including a description of activities re-lated to developing and improving technology to detect the proliferation and detonation of nu-clear weapons, verifying compliance of foreign countries with commitments under treaties and agreements relating to nuclear weapons, and de-tecting the diversion of nuclear materials (in-cluding safeguards technology); and 
‘‘(v) nonproliferation construction programs, 
including activities associated Department of Energy Order 413.1 (relating to program man-agement controls). 
‘‘(B) Countering nuclear and radiological pro-
liferation and terrorism. 
‘‘(C) Responding to nuclear and radiological 
proliferation and terrorism, including through— 
‘‘(i) crisis operations; ‘‘(ii) consequences management; and ‘‘(iii) emergency management, including inter-
national capacity building. 
‘‘(10) A threat assessment, carried out by the 
intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))), with respect to the risk of nu-clear and radiological proliferation and ter-rorism and a description of how each activity carried out under the program will counter the threat during the five-year period beginning on the date on which the plan required by sub-section (a) is submitted and, as appropriate, in the longer term. 
‘‘(11) A plan for funding the program during 
that five-year period. 
‘‘(12) An identification of metrics and objec-
tives for determining the effectiveness of each activity carried out under the program during that five-year period. 
‘‘(13) A description of the activities to be car-
ried out under the program during that five- year period and a description of how the pro-gram will be prioritized relative to other defense nuclear nonproliferation programs of the Ad-ministration during that five-year period to ad-dress the highest priority risks and require-ments, as informed by the threat assessment car-ried out under paragraph (10). 
‘‘(14) A description of funds for the program 
expected to be received during that five-year pe-riod through contributions from or cost-sharing agreements with foreign governments consistent section 3132(f) of the Ronald W. Reagan Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)). 
‘‘(15) A description and assessment of activi-
ties to be carried out under the program during that five-year period that will be coordinated with other elements of the Department of En-ergy, with the Department of Defense, and with other Federal agencies, to maximize efficiency and avoid redundancies. 
‘‘(16) Such other matters as the Administrator 
considers appropriate. 
‘‘(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted to the congres-sional defense committees in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex if nec-essary.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4308 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4309. Defense nuclear nonproliferation 
management plan.’’. 
(b) E
XTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN  
ANNUAL REPORTS ON NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA -
TION.—Section 3122 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1710) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a) and (b); (2) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and 
(e) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respectively; 
(3) in subsection (a), as redesignated by para-
graph (2)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting after 
‘‘world,’’ the following: ‘‘including an identi-fication of such uranium that is obligated by the United States,’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) A list, by country and site, reflecting the 
total amount of separated plutonium around the world, including an identification of such pluto-nium that is obligated by the United States, and an assessment of the vulnerability of the pluto-nium to theft or diversion.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (2) of subsection (b), as so re-
designated, by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a)’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 3145 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2197) is repealed. 
SEC. 3133. PLAN FOR DEACTIVATION AND DECOM-
MISSIONING OF NONOPERATIONAL DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XLIV of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2602 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4423. PLAN FOR DEACTIVATION AND DE-
COMMISSIONING OF NON-OPERATIONAL DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall, during each even-numbered year begin-ning in 2016, develop and subsequently carry out a plan for the activities of the Department of Energy relating to the deactivation and de-commissioning of nonoperational defense nu-clear facilities. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A list of nonoperational defense nuclear 
facilities, prioritized for deactivation and de-commissioning based on the potential to reduce risks to human health, property, or the environ-ment and to maximize cost savings. 
‘‘(2) An assessment of the life cycle costs of 
each nonoperational defense nuclear facility during the period beginning on the date on which the plan is submitted under subsection (d) and ending on the earlier of— 
‘‘(A) the date that is 25 years after the date on 
which the plan is submitted; or 
‘‘(B) the estimated date for deactivation and 
decommissioning of the facility. 
‘‘(3) An estimate of the cost and time needed 
to deactivate and decommission each non-operational defense nuclear facility. 
‘‘(4) A schedule for when the Office of Envi-
ronmental Management will accept each non-operational defense nuclear facility for deacti-vation and decommissioning. 
‘‘(5) An estimate of costs that could be avoided 
by— 
‘‘(A) accelerating the cleanup of non-
operational defense nuclear facilities; or 
‘‘(B) other means, such as reusing such facili-
ties for another purpose. 
‘‘(c) P
LAN FOR TRANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITY  
FORCERTAIN FACILITIES .—The Secretary shall, 
during 2016, develop and subsequently carry out a plan under which the Administrator shall transfer, by March 31, 2019, to the Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management the responsibility for decontaminating and decom-missioning facilities of the Administration that the Secretary determines— 
‘‘(1) are nonoperational as of September 30, 
2015; and 
‘‘(2) meet the requirements of the Office of En-
vironmental Management for such transfer. 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than March 31 of each even-numbered year be-ginning in 2016, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that includes— 
‘‘(1) the plan required by subsection (a); ‘‘(2) a description of the deactivation and de-
commissioning actions expected to be taken dur-ing the following fiscal year pursuant to the 
plan; 
‘‘(3) in the case of the report submitting dur-
ing 2016, the plan required by subsection (c); 
and 
‘‘(4) in the case of a report submitted during 
2018 or any year thereafter, a description of the deactivation and decommissioning actions taken at each nonoperational defense nuclear facility during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION .—The requirements of this 
section shall terminate after the submission to the appropriate congressional committees of the report required by subsection (d) to be submitted not later than March 31, 2026. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘life cycle costs’, with respect to 
a facility, means— 
‘‘(A) the present and future costs of all re-
sources and associated cost elements required to develop, produce, deploy, or sustain the facility; and 
‘‘(B) the present and future costs to deacti-
vate, decommission, and deconstruct the facil-ity. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘nonoperational defense nuclear 
facility’ means a production facility or utiliza-tion facility (as those terms are defined in sec-tion 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014)) under the control or jurisdiction of the Secretary of Energy and operated for na-tional security purposes that is no longer needed for the mission of the Department of Energy, in-cluding the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4422 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4423. Plan for deactivation and decom-
missioning of nonoperational de-fense nuclear facilities.’’. 
SEC. 3134. ASSESSMENT OF EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLVIII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2781 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4802 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4802A. ASSESSMENTS OF EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
‘‘The Secretary of Energy shall include, in 
each award-fee evaluation conducted under sec-tion 16.401 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions, of a management and operating contract for a Department of Energy defense nuclear fa-cility in 2016 or any even-numbered year there-after, an assessment of the adequacy of the emergency preparedness of that facility, includ-ing an assessment of the seniority level of man-agement and operating contractor employees that participate in emergency preparedness ex-ercises at that facility.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4802 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4802A. Assessments of emergency pre-
paredness of defense nuclear fa-cilities.’’. 
SEC. 3135. MODIFICATIONS TO COST-BENEFIT 
ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CON-TRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3121 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as amended by section 3124 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1062), is further amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6473 September 29, 2015 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); 
(2) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and in-
serting the following new subsections: 
‘‘(b) R EPORT DESCRIBED .—A report described 
in this subsection is a report on a contract de-scribed by subsection (a) that includes— 
‘‘(1) a clear and complete description of the 
cost savings the Administrator expects to result from the competition for the contract over the life of the contract, including associated anal-yses, assumptions, and information sources used to determine such expected cost savings; 
‘‘(2) a description of any key limitations or 
uncertainties that could affect such costs sav-ings, including costs savings that are antici-pated but not fully known; 
‘‘(3) the costs of the competition for the con-
tract, including the immediate costs of con-ducting the competition and any increased costs over the life of the contract; 
‘‘(4) a description of any disruptions or delays 
in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract; 
‘‘(5) a clear and complete description of the 
benefits expected by the Administrator with re-spect to mission performance or operations re-sulting from the competition; 
‘‘(6) how the competition for the contract com-
plied with the Federal Acquisition Regulation regarding federally funded research and devel-opment centers, if applicable; 
‘‘(7) the factors considered and processes used 
by the Administrator to determine— 
‘‘(A) whether to compete or extend the con-
tract; and 
‘‘(B) which activities at the facility should be 
covered under the contract rather than under a different contract; 
‘‘(8) with respect to the matters included 
under paragraphs (1) through (7), a detailed de-scription of the analyses conducted by the Ad-ministrator to reach the conclusions presented in the report, including any assumptions, limi-tations, and uncertainties relating to such con-clusions; and 
‘‘(9) any other matters the Administrator con-
siders appropriate. 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION QUALITY .—A report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be prepared in ac-cordance with— 
‘‘(1) the information quality guidelines of the 
Department of Energy that are relevant to the clear and complete presentation of information on each matter required to be included in the re-port under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) best practices of the Government Ac-
countability Office and relevant industries for cost estimating, if appropriate. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THEUNITED STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL REVIEW .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), the Comptroller General of the 
United States shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees that includes a review of each report required by subsection (a) not later than 180 days after the report is sub-mitted to such committees. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .—Except as pro-
vided in paragraph (3), the Comptroller General shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a review of each report required by sub-section (a) with respect to a contract not later than 3 years after the report is submitted to such committees that includes an assessment, based on the most current information available, of the following: 
‘‘(A) The actual cost savings achieved com-
pared to cost savings estimated under subsection (b)(1), and any increased costs incurred under the contract that were unexpected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. 
‘‘(B) Any disruptions or delays in mission ac-
tivities or deliverables resulting from the com-petition for the contract compared to the disrup-tions and delays estimated under subsection (b)(4). 
‘‘(C) Whether expected benefits of the competi-
tion with respect to mission performance or op-erations have been achieved. ‘‘(D) Such other matters as the Comptroller 
General considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—The Comptroller General 
may not conduct a review under paragraph (1) or (2) of a report relating to a contract to man-age and operate a facility of the National Nu-clear Security Administration while a protest described in subsection (a)(2) is pending with re-spect to that contract.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e), as redesignated by para-
graph (1)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2020’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-
nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); and 
(C) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (B), by striking ‘‘and (d)(2)’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) in the past decade, competition of the man-
agement and operating contracts for the na-tional security laboratories has resulted in sig-nificant increases in fees paid to the contrac-tors—funding that otherwise could be used to support program and mission activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration; 
(2) competition of the management and oper-
ating contracts of the nuclear security enter-prise is an important mechanism to help realize cost savings, seek efficiencies, improve perform-ance, and hold contractors accountable; 
(3) when the Administrator for Nuclear Secu-
rity considers it appropriate to achieve those goals, the Administrator should conduct com-petition of such contracts while recognizing the unique nature of federally funded research and development centers; and 
(4) the Administrator should ensure that fixed 
fees and performance-based fees contained in management and operating contracts are as low as possible to maintain a focus on national serv-ice while attracting high-quality contractors and achieving the goals of the competition. 
SEC. 3136. INTERAGENCY REVIEW OF APPLICA-
TIONS FOR THE TRANSFER OF UNITED STATES CIVIL NUCLEAR TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R EPORT ON TRANSFERS TO COVERED FOR-
EIGN COUNTRIES .—Not less frequently than 
every 90 days, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report that includes— 
(1) a description of the authorizations under 
section 57 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) to transfer United States civil nuclear technology to a covered foreign country during the preceding 90 days; and 
(2) a statement of whether any agency re-
quired to be consulted under that section or pur-suant to regulation objected to or sought condi-tions on each such transfer. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF TECHNOLOGIES TO BE 
PROTECTED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every five years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall— 
(A) in consultation with the Secretary of 
State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intel-ligence, and the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, determine the critical United States civil nuclear technologies that should be protected from diversion to a military program of a cov-ered foreign country, including with respect to a naval propulsion or weapons program; and 
(B) notify the appropriate congressional com-
mittees with respect to the determination and the technologies covered by the determination. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), not later than 14 days before making an authorization under section 57 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) for the transfer of a technology covered by a determination under paragraph (1) to a covered foreign country, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— (i) a notification of the intention of the Sec-
retary to make the authorization for the trans-fer of such technology; and 
(ii) a statement of whether any agency re-
quired to be consulted under such section 57 b. or pursuant to regulation objected to or sought conditions on the transfer. 
(B) W
AIVER OF DEADLINE .—The Secretary may 
waive the requirement under subparagraph (A) to submit the report required by that subpara-graph not later than 14 days before making an authorization for the transfer of a technology covered by a determination under paragraph (1) to a covered foreign country if the Secretary— 
(i) determines that an imminent radiological 
hazard exists; and 
(ii) not later than 7 days after determining 
that such hazard exists, submits to the appro-priate congressional committees— 
(I) a certification that the hazard exists; (II) a justification for the waiver; and (III) the notification required by clause (i) of 
subparagraph (A) and the statement required by clause (ii) of that subparagraph. 
(c) C
ONSULTATIONS WITHINTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall expeditiously revise part 810 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, to ensure that the Director of National Intelligence— 
(A) is consulted with respect to the views of 
the intelligence community (as defined in sec-tion 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) with respect to each authoriza-tion issued under section 57 b. of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) for the trans-fer of United States civil nuclear technology to a covered foreign country before the determina-tion to approve or disapprove the request for the authorization; and 
(B) is provided with an opportunity to present 
the views of the Director and the intelligence community on the national security risks of the transfer, if any. 
(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
of Energy, jointly with the Director of National Intelligence, shall include the results of con-sultations conducted under paragraph (1) in each report under subsection (a) and each noti-fication under subsection (b)(2). 
(d) R
EPORT ON COMPLIANCE OF COVERED FOR-
EIGN COUNTRIES AND END-USERS .—Not less fre-
quently than annually, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— 
(1) an assessment of whether each covered for-
eign country is in compliance with its obliga-tions under any authorization for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology under section 57 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)); 
(2) with respect to any covered foreign coun-
try that is not in compliance with such obliga-tions— 
(A) a description the efforts of the United 
States to bring the country into compliance; 
(B) an evaluation of the result of such efforts; 
and 
(C) an assessment of the options available to 
the Secretary as a result of the country not being in compliance; 
(3) an assessment of whether each end-user to 
which United States civil nuclear technology is transferred pursuant to an authorization under such section 57 b. is in compliance with the obli-gations of the end-user under that authoriza-tion; and 
(4) a description of any consequences for the 
end-user or the exporter of the technology if the end-user is not in compliance with such obliga-tions. 
(e) R
EPORT ON TRANSFERS TO ALLFOREIGN  
COUNTRIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Concurrent with the submis-
sion to Congress of the budget of the President for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6474 September 29, 2015 
committees a report on the activities of the De-
partment of Energy associated with the review of applications for authorization under section 57 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) to transfer United States civil nuclear technology to any foreign country. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include— 
(A) the number of applications for authoriza-
tion under section 57 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) to transfer United States civil nuclear technology to a foreign country submitted during the year preceding the submission of the report; 
(B) the length of time each such application 
was under review; 
(C) the number of such applications that were 
granted; and 
(D) a description of efforts to streamline the 
review of such applications, taking into account the proliferation and diversion potential of end- users in the country to which United States civil nuclear technology would be transferred pursu-ant to such applications. 
(f) N
OTIFICATIONS OF POTENTIAL DIVER-
SIONS .—The Director of National Intelligence 
shall notify the Department of Energy and the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days after the date on which the Direc-tor determines that there is credible intelligence that United States civil nuclear technology is being or has been diverted— 
(1) to a military program in a foreign country 
to which the transfer of the technology was au-thorized under section 57 b. of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)); or 
(2) to a foreign country to which the transfer 
of the technology was not so authorized. 
(g) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy shall issue guidance with re-spect to the use of the clear and intended au-thority of the Secretary under section 234 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2282) to im-pose civil penalties, including fines and debar-ment, and to make referrals to the Attorney General for prosecution, for violations of the terms of authorizations for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology issued under section 57 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)). 
(h) R
EPORT ON TRANSFER OF SENSITIVE  
ITEMS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report— 
(A) describing the efforts of covered foreign 
countries to prevent the transfer of sensitive items, including efforts to improve the preven-tion of the transfer of such items; and 
(B) assessing the adequacy of such efforts. (2) S
ENSITIVE ITEMS DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘sensitive items’’ means goods, services, and technologies described in section 2(a) of the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Non-proliferation Act (Public Law 106–178; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(C) the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term 
‘‘covered foreign country’’ means a foreign country that is a nuclear-weapon state, as de-fined by Article IX(3) of the Treaty on the Non- Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, signed at Washington, London, and Moscow July 1, 1968, but does not include the United States, the United Kingdom, or France. SEC. 3137. GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OF 
NUCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) correcting the longstanding problems with 
the governance and management of the nuclear security enterprise will require robust, personal, and long-term engagement by the President, the Secretary of Energy, the Administrator for Nu-clear Security, and leaders from the appropriate congressional committees; 
(2) recent and past studies of the governance 
and management of the nuclear security enter-prise have provided a list of reasonable, prac-tical, and actionable steps that the Secretary and the Administrator should take to make the nuclear security enterprise more efficient and more effective; and 
(3) lasting and effective change to the nuclear 
security enterprise will require personal engage-ment by senior leaders, a clear plan, and mecha-nisms for ensuring follow-through and account-ability. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— 
(1) I MPLEMENTATION ACTION TEAM .—(A) The 
Secretary and the Administrator shall jointly es-tablish a team of senior officials from the De-partment of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration to develop and carry out an implementation plan to reform the gov-ernance and management of the nuclear secu-rity enterprise to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the nuclear security enterprise. Such plan shall be developed and implemented in accordance with the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.), the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), and any other provision of law. 
(B) The team established under paragraph (1) 
shall be co-chaired by the Deputy Secretary of Energy and the Administrator. 
(C) In developing and carrying out the imple-
mentation plan, the team shall consult with the implementation assessment panel established under subsection (c)(1). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation plan de-
veloped under paragraph (1)(A) shall address all recommendations contained in the covered study (except such recommendations that require legis-lative action to carry out) by identifying specific actions, milestones, timelines, and responsible personnel to implement such plan. 
(3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than March 31, 
2016, the Secretary and the Administrator shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees the implementation plan developed under paragraph (1)(A). 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSESSMENT PANEL.— 
(1) A GREEMENT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall seek to enter into a joint agree-ment with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Public Adminis-tration to establish a panel of external, inde-pendent experts to evaluate the implementation plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A) and the implementation of such plan. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The panel established under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) provide guidance to the Secretary and the 
Administrator with respect to the implementa-tion plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A), including how such plan compares or contrasts with the covered study; 
(B) track the implementation of such plan; 
and 
(C) assess the effectiveness of such plan. (3) R
EPORTS .—(A) Not later than July 1, 2016, 
the panel established under paragraph (1) shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees, the Secretary, and the Administrator an initial assessment of the implementation plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A), including with respect to the completeness of the plan, how the plan aligns with the intent and rec-ommendations made by the covered study, and the prospects for success for the plan. 
(B) Beginning February 28, 2017, and semi-
annually thereafter through 2020, the panel es-tablished under paragraph (1) shall brief the ap-
propriate congressional committees, the Sec-retary, and the Administrator on the efforts of the Secretary and the Administrator to imple-ment the implementation plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A). 
(C) Not later than September 30, 2020, the 
panel established under paragraph (1) shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary, and the Administrator a final re-port on the efforts of the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator to implement the implementation plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A), in-cluding an assessment of the effectiveness of the reform efforts under such plan and whether fur-ther action is needed. 
(4) C
OOPERATION .—The Secretary and the Ad-
ministrator shall provide to the panel estab-lished under paragraph (1) full and timely ac-cess to all information, personnel, and systems of the Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration that the panel determines necessary to carry out this sub-section. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OVERED STUDY .—The term ‘‘covered 
study’’ means the following: 
(A) The final report of the Congressional Ad-
visory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Security Enterprise established by section 3166 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2208). 
(B) Any other study not conducted by the Sec-
retary or the Administrator that the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of this sec-tion. 
(3) N
UCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE .—The term 
‘‘nuclear security enterprise’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4002(6) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501(6)). 
(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to authorize any ac-tion— 
(1) in contravention of section 3220 of the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2410); or 
(2) that would undermine or weaken health, 
safety, or security. 
SEC. 3138. ANNUAL REPORT ON NUMBER OF 
FULL-TIME EQUIVALENT EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES. 
Section 3241A of the National Nuclear Secu-
rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Administrator 
shall include in the budget justification mate-rials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Administration for each fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report containing the following information as of the date of the report: 
‘‘(1) The number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees of the Office of the Administrator, as counted under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) The number of service support contracts 
of the Administration and whether such con-tracts are funded using program or program di-rection funds. 
‘‘(3) The number of full-time equivalent con-
tractor employees working under each contract identified under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) The number of full-time equivalent con-
tractor employees described in paragraph (3) that have been employed under such a contract for a period greater than two years.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6475 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 3139. DEVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY ON 
RISKS TO NONPROLIFERATION CAUSED BY ADDITIVE MANUFAC-TURING. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—The President shall develop 
and pursue a strategy to address the risks to the goals and policies of the United States regarding nuclear nonproliferation that are caused by the increased use of additive manufacture tech-nology (commonly referred to as ‘‘3D printing’’), including such technology that does not origi-nate in the United States. 
(b) B
RIEFINGS .—Not later than March 31, 2016, 
and the end of each 120-day period thereafter through January 1, 2019, the President shall provide to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a briefing on the strategy developed under subsection (a). 
(c) P
URSUIT OF STRATEGY .—The President 
shall pursue the strategy developed under sub-section (a) at the Nuclear Security Summit in Chicago, Illinois, in 2016. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 3140. PLUTONIUM PIT PRODUCTION CAPAC-
ITY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the requirement to create a modern, re-
sponsive nuclear infrastructure that includes the capability and capacity to produce, at min-imum, 50 to 80 pits per year, is a national secu-rity priority; 
(2) delaying creation of a modern, responsive 
nuclear infrastructure until the 2030s is an un-acceptable risk to the nuclear deterrent and the national security of the United States; and 
(3) timelines for creating certain capacities for 
production of plutonium pits and other nuclear weapons components must be driven by the re-quirement to hedge against technical and geo-political risk and not solely by the needs of life extension programs. 
(b) B
RIEFING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, in consultation with the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Commander of the United States Strategic Com-mand, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the annual plutonium pit production capacity of the nuclear security enterprise (as defined in section 4002(6) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501(6))). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing under paragraph 
(1) shall describe the following: 
(A) The pit production capacity requirement, 
including the numbers of pits produced that are needed for nuclear weapons life extension pro-grams. 
(B) The annual pit production requirement, 
including the numbers of pits produced, to sup-port a responsive nuclear weapons infrastruc-ture to hedge against technical and geopolitical risk. 
SEC. 3141. ASSESSMENTS ON NUCLEAR PRO-
LIFERATION RISKS AND NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION OPPORTUNI-TIES. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
and each year thereafter through 2020, the Di-rector of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port, consistent with the provision of classified information and intelligence sources and meth-ods, containing— 
(1) an assessment and prioritization of inter-
national nuclear proliferation risks and nuclear nonproliferation opportunities; and (2) an assessment of the effectiveness of var-
ious means and programs for addressing such risks and opportunities. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 3142. ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES FOR MO-
BILE GUARDIAN TRANSPORTER PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF ANALYSIS OF ALTER-
NATIVES .—Not later than 60 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report containing a full and comprehensive analysis of alternatives conducted by the Administrator for the Mobile Guardian Transporter program. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION IN BUDGET MATERIALS .— 
The Secretary of Energy shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Con-gress in support of the Department of Energy budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) for any fiscal year in which the Mobile Guardian Transporter program is carried out a separate, dedicated program ele-ment for such program. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
Sec. 3201. Authorization. 
Sec. 3202. Administration of Defense Nuclear 
Facilities Safety Board. 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for 
fiscal year 2016, $29,150,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). 
SEC. 3202. ADMINISTRATION OF DEFENSE NU-
CLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD. 
(a) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO BOARD  
MEMBERS .—Section 311(c) of the Atomic Energy 
Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5), (6), and (7)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6) In carrying out paragraph (5)(B), the 
Chairman may not withhold from any member of the Board any information that is made available to the Chairman regarding the Board’s functions, powers, and mission (including with respect to the management and evaluation of employees of the Board).’’. 
(b) S
ENIOR EMPLOYEES .— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL .— Such sec-
tion 311(c), as amended by subsection (a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(7)(A) The Chairman, subject to the approval 
of the Board, shall appoint the senior employees described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(B) The Chairman, subject to the approval of 
the Board, may remove a senior employee de-scribed in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(C) The senior employees described in this 
subparagraph are the following senior employ-ees of the Board: 
‘‘(i) The senior employee responsible for budg-
etary and general administration matters. 
‘‘(ii) The general counsel. ‘‘(iii) The senior employee responsible for 
technical matters.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
313(b)(1)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 2286b(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘hire’’ and inserting ‘‘in accordance with section 311(c)(7), hire’’. 
TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM 
RESERVES 
Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. SEC. 3401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A MOUNT .—There are hereby authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $17,500,000 for fiscal year 2016 for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval pe-troleum reserves. 
(b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Funds appro-
priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in subsection (a) shall remain avail-able until expended. 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
Sec. 3501. Authorization of the Maritime Ad-
ministration. 
Sec. 3502. Sense of Congress regarding Maritime 
Security Fleet program. 
Sec. 3503. Update of references to the Secretary 
of Transportation regarding un-employment insurance and vessel operators. 
Sec. 3504. Payment for Maritime Security Fleet 
vessels. 
Sec. 3505. Melville Hall of United States Mer-
chant Marine Academy. 
Sec. 3506. Cadet commitment agreements. Sec. 3507. Student incentive payment agree-
ments. 
Sec. 3508. Short sea transportation defined. 
SEC. 3501. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME 
ADMINISTRATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016, to be available with-out fiscal year limitation if so provided in ap-propriations Acts, for the use of the Department of Transportation for Maritime Administration programs associated with maintaining national security aspects of the merchant marine, as fol-lows: 
(1) For expenses necessary for operations of 
the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $96,028,000, of which— 
(A) $71,306,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for Academy operations; and 
(B) $24,722,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for capital asset management at the Academy. 
(2) For expenses necessary to support the 
State maritime academies, $34,550,000, of which— 
(A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for student incentive payments; 
(B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for direct payments to such academies; 
(C) $1,800,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for training ship fuel assistance pay-ments; 
(D) $22,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; 
(E) $5,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Design; and 
(F) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for improving the monitoring of grad-uates’ service obligation. 
(3) For expenses necessary to support Mari-
time Administration operations and programs, $54,059,000. 
(4) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels 
in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $8,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
(5) For expenses to maintain and preserve a 
United States-flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $210,000,000. 
(6) For the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of 
the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program authorized by chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $3,135,000, of which $3,135,000 shall remain available until expended for administra-tive expenses of the program. 
SEC. 3502. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
MARITIME SECURITY FLEET PRO-GRAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that dedicated and 
enhanced support is necessary to stabilize and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6476 September 29, 2015 
preserve the Maritime Security Fleet program, a 
program that provides the Department of De-fense with on-demand access to world class, eco-nomical commercial sealift capacity, assures a United States-flag presence in international commerce, supports a pool of qualified United States merchant mariners needed to crew United States-flag vessels during times of war or na-tional emergency, and serves as a critical com-ponent of our national security infrastructure. 
SEC. 3503. UPDATE OF REFERENCES TO THE SEC-
RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION RE-GARDING UNEMPLOYMENT INSUR-ANCE AND VESSEL OPERATORS. 
Sections 3305 and 3306(n) of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 are each amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’ each place that it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Transpor-tation’’. 
SEC. 3504. PAYMENT FOR MARITIME SECURITY 
FLEET VESSELS. 
(a) P ER-VESSEL AUTHORIZATION .—Notwith-
standing section 53106(a)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, and subject to the availability of appropriations, there is authorized to be paid to each contractor for an operating agreement (as those terms are used in that section) for fiscal year 2016, $3,500,000 for each vessel that is cov-ered by the operating agreement. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF OTHER AUTHORIZATION .—Sec-
tion 53111(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2016,’’. 
SEC. 3505. MELVILLE HALL OF UNITED STATES 
MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) G IFT TO THE MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-
EMY.—The Maritime Administrator may accept 
a gift of money described in subsection (b) from the Foundation under section 51315 of title 46, United States Code, for the purpose of ren-ovating Melville Hall on the campus of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
(b) C
OVERED GIFT.—A gift described in this 
subsection is a gift under subsection (a) that the Maritime Administrator determines exceeds the sum of— 
(1) the minimum amount that is sufficient to 
ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in ac-cordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) 25 percent of the amount described in 
paragraph (1). 
(c) O
PERATION CONTRACTS .—Subject to sub-
section (d), in the case that the Maritime Ad-ministrator accepts a gift of money described in subsection (b), the Maritime Administrator may enter into a contract with the Foundation for the operation of Melville Hall to make available facilities for, among other possible uses, official academy functions, third-party catering func-tions, and industry events and conferences. 
(d) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The contract described 
in subsection (c) shall be for such period and on such terms as the Maritime Administrator con-siders appropriate, including a provision, mutu-ally agreeable to the Maritime Administrator and the Foundation, that— 
(1) requires the Foundation— (A) at the expense solely of the Foundation 
through the term of the contract to maintain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
(i) the date that the renovation of Melville 
Hall was completed; or 
(ii) the date that the Foundation accepted 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foun-dation by the Maritime Administrator; and 
(B) to deposit all proceeds from the operation 
of Melville Hall, after expenses necessary for the operation and maintenance of Melville Hall, into the account of the Regimental Affairs Non- Appropriated Fund Instrumentality or successor entity, to be used solely for the morale and wel-fare of the cadets of the United States Merchant Marine Academy; and (2) prohibits the use of Melville Hall as lodg-
ing or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
(A) by the United States; or (B) for the administration and operation of 
Melville Hall. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONTRACT .—The term ‘‘contract’’ includes 
any modification, extension, or renewal of the contract. 
(2) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ 
means the United States Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requiring the Maritime Administrator to award a contract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Founda-tion. 
SEC. 3506. CADET COMMITMENT AGREEMENTS. 
Section 51306(a) of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘must’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; 
(2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) obtain a merchant mariner license, unlim-
ited as to horsepower or tonnage, issued by the Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant ma-rine of the United States, accompanied by the appropriate national and international endorse-ments and certifications required by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation, before graduation from the Academy;’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(3) for at least 6 years after graduation from 
the Academy, maintain— 
‘‘(A) a valid merchant mariner license, unlim-
ited as to horsepower or tonnage, issued by the Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant ma-rine of the United States, accompanied by the appropriate national and international endorse-ments and certifications required by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation; 
‘‘(B) a valid transportation worker identifica-
tion credential; and 
‘‘(C) a Coast Guard medical certificate;’’; and (4) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(4) apply for, and accept if tendered, an ap-
pointment as a commissioned officer in the Navy Reserve (including the Strategic Sealift Officer Program, Navy Reserve), the Coast Guard Re-serve, or any other reserve component of an armed force of the United States, and, if ten-dered the appointment, to serve, meet the par-ticipation requirements, and maintain active status in good standing, as determined by the program manager of the appropriate military service, for at least 8 years after the date of commissioning;’’. 
SEC. 3507. STUDENT INCENTIVE PAYMENT AGREE-
MENTS. 
Section 51509 of title 46, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZED USES .—’’ be-
fore the last sentence and indenting accord-ingly; 
(B) in the matter preceding paragraph (3), by 
striking ‘‘Payments’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) I
N GEN -
ERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
payments’’ and indenting accordingly; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) E XCEPTION .—The Secretary may modify 
the payments made to an individual under paragraph (1), but the total amount of payments to that individual may not exceed $32,000.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Merchant 
Marine Reserve’’ and inserting ‘‘Strategic Sea-lift Officer Program’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) obtain a merchant mariner license, with-
out limitation as to tonnage or horsepower, from the Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant marine of the United States, accompanied by the appropriate national and international endorse-ments and certification required by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation, within three months of completion of the course of instruction at the academy the individual is attending;’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(3) for at least 6 years after graduation from 
the academy, maintain— 
‘‘(A) a valid merchant mariner license, unlim-
ited as to horsepower or tonnage, issued by the Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant ma-rine of the United States, accompanied by the appropriate national and international endorse-ments and certifications required by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation; 
‘‘(B) a valid transportation worker identifica-
tion credential; and 
‘‘(C) a Coast Guard medical certificate;’’; and (C) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(4) apply for, and accept, if tendered, an ap-
pointment as a commissioned officer in the Navy Reserve (including the Strategic Sealift Officer Program, Navy Reserve), the Coast Guard Re-serve, or any other reserve component of an armed force of the United States, and, if ten-dered the appointment, to serve and meet the participation requirements and to maintain ac-tive status in good standing, as determined by the program manager of the appropriate mili-tary service, for at least 8 years after the date of commissioning;’’; 
(4) by amending subsection (e)(1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) A
CTIVE DUTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may order an individual to serve on active duty in the armed forces of the United States for a period of not more than 2 years if— 
‘‘(i) the individual has attended an academy 
under this section for more than 2 academic years, but less than 3 academic years; 
‘‘(ii) the individual has accepted the payments 
described in subsection (b) in an amount total-ing at least $8,000; and 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Transportation has de-
termined that the individual has failed to fulfill the part of the agreement described in sub-section (d)(1). 
‘‘(B) 3 
OR MORE YEARS .—The Secretary of De-
fense may order an individual to serve on active duty in the armed forces of the United States for a period of not more than 3 years if— 
‘‘(i) the individual has attended an academy 
under this section for 3 or more academic years; 
‘‘(ii) the individual has accepted the payments 
described in subsection (b) in an amount total-ing at least $16,000; and 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Transportation has de-
termined that the individual has failed to fulfill the part of the agreement described in sub-section (d)(1). 
‘‘(C) H
ARDSHIP WAIVER .—In cases of hardship 
as determined by the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Secretary of Transportation may waive this paragraph in whole or in part.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) A
LTERNATIVE SERVICE .— 
‘‘(1) S ERVICE AS COMMISSIONED OFFICER .—An 
individual who, for the 5-year period following graduation from an academy, serves as a com-missioned officer on active duty in an armed force of the United States or as a commissioned officer of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration or the Public Health Service shall be excused from the requirements of para-graphs (3) through (5) of subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION OR WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary may modify or waive any of the terms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6477 September 29, 2015 
and conditions set forth in subsection (d) 
through the imposition of alternative service re-quirements.’’. 
SEC. 3508. SHORT SEA TRANSPORTATION DE-
FINED. 
Paragraph (1) of section 55605 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’; 
and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) shipped in discrete units or packages 
that are handled individually, palletized, or unitized for purposes of transportation; or 
‘‘(D) freight vehicles carried aboard commuter 
ferry boats; and’’. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding 
tables. 
Sec. 4002. Clarification of applicability of un-
distributed reductions of certain operation and maintenance fund-ing among all operation and maintenance funding. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
Sec. 4101. Procurement. 
Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency 
operations. 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for over-
seas contingency operations. 
Sec. 4303. Operation and maintenance base re-
quirements. 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 4401. Military personnel. 
Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas con-
tingency operations. 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. 
Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas 
contingency operations. 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 4601. Military construction. 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national secu-
rity programs. 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN 
FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in 
this division specifies a dollar amount author-ized for a project, program, or activity, the obli-gation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
(b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to 
commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be based on merit-based selection proce-
dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and 
(2) comply with other applicable provisions of 
law. 
(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PROGRAM -
MING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be trans-
ferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or re-programming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The trans-fer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. 
(d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— 
This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. 
(e) O
RAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No 
oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. 
SEC. 4002. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY OF 
UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTIONS OF CERTAIN OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE FUNDING AMONG ALL OPER-ATION AND MAINTENANCE FUND-ING. 
Any undistributed reduction in funding avail-
able for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4301, that is 
attributable to savings in connection with for-eign currency fluctuations or bulk fuel pur-chases, may be applied against any funds avail-able for that fiscal year for the Department for operation and maintenance, regardless of whether available as specified in the funding table in section 4301 or available as specified in the funding table in section 4303. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
002 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ....................................................................................................... ..................... 879 879 
004 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 260,436 277,436 
Extended Range Modifications ................................................................................................... ............. [17,000 ] 
ROTARY 
006 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) ............................................................................................ ........... 187,177 187,177 
007 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN .............................................................................................. ............ 1,168,461 1,168,461 
008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 209,930 209,930 
011 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .............................................................................................. ......... 1,435,945 1,563,945 
Additional 8 rotorcraft for Army National Guard ................................................................................ ..... [128,000 ] 
012 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 127,079 127,079 
013 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................ ........ 46,641 46,641 
014 CH–47 HELICOPTER ........................................................................................................... ........................ 1,024,587 1,024,587 
015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 99,344 99,344 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
016 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ....................... 97,543 97,543 
019 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ............................................................................................... ............. 95,725 95,725 
020 AH–64 MODS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 116,153 116,153 
021 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) .......................................................................................... ....... 86,330 86,330 
022 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ....................................................................................................... .................... 4,019 4,019 
023 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ..................... 16,302 16,302 
024 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ..................................................................................................... .................. 13,669 13,669 
025 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................ ............ 16,166 16,166 
026 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS .................................................................................................... ................ 13,793 13,793 
028 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN ................................................................................................... .............. 112,807 112,807 
029 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE .................................................................................................... ............... 82,904 82,904 
030 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................ ........................... 33,890 33,890 
031 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 81,444 81,444 
GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 
032 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ...... 56,215 56,215 
033 SURVIVABILITY CM ........................................................................................................... ....................... 8,917 8,917 
034 CMWS ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 78,348 104,348 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ......................................................... [26,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.033 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6478 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
OTHER SUPPORT 
035 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 6,937 6,937 
036 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........... 64,867 64,867 
037 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........... 44,085 44,085 
038 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ........................................................................................................ .................... 94,545 94,545 
039 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,207 1,207 
040 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ...................................................................................................... .................... 3,012 3,012 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................... 5,689,357 5,860,357 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 
001 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ................................................................................... . 115,075 115,075 
002 MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................................ .............................. 414,946 614,946 
Army UPL for Patriot PAC 3 for improved ballistic missile ...................................................................... .. [200,000 ] 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
003 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................. 27,975 27,975 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 27,738 27,738 
ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 
005 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ ....... 77,163 168,163 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements .............................................................................. . [91,000 ] 
006 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... ................. 87,525 87,525 
008 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................. ............. 251,060 251,060 
009 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) ............................................................................. 17,4 28 17,428 
MODIFICATIONS 
011 PATRIOT MODS ............................................................................................................... .......................... 241,883 241,883 
012 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................ ........................... 30,119 15,119 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ....................... [–15,000 ] 
013 GMLRS MOD .................................................................................................................. ............................. 18,221 18,221 
014 STINGER MODS ............................................................................................................... ........................... 2,216 2,216 
015 AVENGER MODS ............................................................................................................... ......................... 6,171 6,171 
016 ITAS/TOW MODS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 19,576 19,576 
017 MLRS MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................. 35,970 35,970 
018 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................. 3,148 3,148 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
019 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 33,778 33,778 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
020 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 3,717 3,717 
021 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MISSILES) ........................................................................................... .............. 1,544 1,544 
022 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 4,704 4,704 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................... 1,419,957 1,695,957 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
001 STRYKER VEHICLE ............................................................................................................ ........................ 181,245 181,245 
MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
002 STRYKER (MOD) .............................................................................................................. .......................... 74,085 388,085 
Lethality Upgrades ............................................................................................................. .................... [314,000 ] 
003 STRYKER UPGRADE ............................................................................................................ ...................... 305,743 305,743 
005 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ...................................................................................................... ................ 225,042 225,042 
006 HOWITZER, MED SP FT 155MM M109A6 (MOD) ..................................................................................... ..... 60,079 60,079 
007 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................................ .. 273,850 273,850 
008 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ............................................................................. 123, 629 195,629 
Additional Vehicles – Army Unfunded Requirement ................................................................................ . [72,000 ] 
009 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,461 2,461 
010 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE ................................................................................................... .............. 2,975 2,975 
011 M88 FOV MODS ............................................................................................................... ........................... 14,878 14,878 
012 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ....................................................................................................... .................... 33,455 33,455 
013 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ....................................................................................................... ................... 367,939 407,939 
Program Increase ............................................................................................................... .................... [40,000 ] 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
015 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (TCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... .... 6,479 6,479 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
016 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 4,991 4,991 
017 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ........................................................................................ .. 26,294 26,294 
018 PRECISION SNIPER RIFLE ..................................................................................................... .................... 1,984 –1,984 
Army request – schedule delay .................................................................................................. ............... [–1,984 ] 
019 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ....................................................................................... . 1,488 –1,488 
Army request – schedule delay .................................................................................................. ............... [–1,488 ] 
020 CARBINE .................................................................................................................... ................................ 34,460 34,460 
021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ........................................................................... 8,367 14 ,750 
Army requested adjustment ...................................................................................................... ............... [6,383 ] 
022 HANDGUN .................................................................................................................... ............................... 5,417 –5,417 
Army request – early to need and schedule delay ................................................................................ ...... [–5,417 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6479 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
023 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................. ....... 2,777 2,777 
024 M777 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................... 10,070 10,070 
025 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................ ........................ 27,566 27,566 
026 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................. .............. 44,004 44,004 
027 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. .............. 1,190 1,190 
028 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................... ......... 1,424 1,424 
029 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................ ............. 2,431 980 
Army request – schedule delay .................................................................................................. ............... [–1,451 ] 
030 M119 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 20,599 20,599 
032 MORTAR MODIFICATION ........................................................................................................ .................. 6,300 6,300 
033 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .................................................................................. 3,737 3,737 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
034 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .......................................................................................... ......... 391 2,848 
Army requested adjustment ...................................................................................................... ............... [2,457 ] 
035 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................ .. 9,027 9,027 
036 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ............... 304 304 
037 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ................................................................................... 2 ,392 2,392 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................... 1,887,073 2,311,573 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
001 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 43,489 43,489 
002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 40,715 40,715 
003 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 7,753 6,801 
Army request – program reduction ............................................................................................... ............ [–952 ] 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................... 24,728 24,728 
005 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 8,305 8,305 
006 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 34,330 34,330 
007 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 79,972 69,972 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ....................... [–10,000 ] 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
008 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 42,898 42,898 
009 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 43,500 43,500 
010 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 64,372 64,372 
TANK AMMUNITION 
011 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. 1 05,541 105,541 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
012 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................... 57, 756 57,756 
013 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .... 77,995 77,995 
014 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ............................................................................................. .......... 45,518 45,518 
015 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ........................................................................ 78,024  78,024 
ROCKETS 
016 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................... 7 ,500 7,500 
017 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............... 33,653 33,653 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
018 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ....................... 5,639 5,639 
019 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 9,751 9,751 
020 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................... 19,993 19,993 
021 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 9,761 9,761 
022 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ................... 9,749 9,749 
MISCELLANEOUS 
023 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ........... 3,521 3,521 
024 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................... ...... 1,700 1,700 
025 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) .......................................................................................... ......... 6,181 6,181 
026 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ....... 17,811 17,811 
027 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ................................................................................... 1 4,695 14,695 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
029 PROVISION OF INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ......................................................................................... ........ 221,703 221,703 
030 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ................................................................................. 113 ,250 113,250 
031 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................ .......................... 3,575 3,575 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ........................................................................... 1,233,378 1,222,426 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
001 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ............................................................................................... ............ 12,855 12,855 
002 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ..................................................................................................... .................. 53 53 
004 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............. 308,336 308,336 
005 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ... 90,040 90,040 
006 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ............................................................................... 8, 444 8,444 
007 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ................................................................................... 27,549 27,549 
008 PLS ESP .................................................................................................................... .................................. 127,102 127,102 
010 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ................................................................................. 48 ,292 48,292 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6480 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
011 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... ............. 130,993 130,993 
012 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ......................................................................... 19,146 19,146 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 
014 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 1,248 1,248 
015 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................ ............ 9,614 9,614 
COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 
016 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ..................................................................................... 78 3,116 643,370 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–139,746 ] 
017 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ........ 49,898 49,898 
018 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ......................................................................... 4,062  4,062 
019 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) .................................................................................................. .............. 5,008 5,008 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
020 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS ........................................................................... 196,30 6 196,306 
021 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 44,998 34,998 
Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................... [–10,000 ] 
022 SHF TERM ................................................................................................................... ............................... 7,629 7,629 
023 NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE) ................................................................................. 1 4,027 14,027 
024 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................ .......................... 13,453 13,453 
025 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 6,265 6,265 
026 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (TAC SAT) .............................................................................................. .............. 1,042 1,042 
027 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) .............................................................................................. ........ 7,116 7,116 
COMM—C3 SYSTEM 
028 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) ...................................................................................... .. 10,137 10,137 
COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 
029 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............. 64,640 54,640 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–10,000 ] 
030 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ............................................................................. 27,7 62 22,762 
Excess Program Management Costs ................................................................................................ ......... [–5,000 ] 
031 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................ ............ 9,422 9,422 
032 AMC CRITICAL ITEMS—OPA2 .................................................................................................... ................ 26,020 26,020 
033 TRACTOR DESK ............................................................................................................... .......................... 4,073 4,073 
034 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ............................................................................................ ....... 1,403 1,403 
035 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR .............................................................................. 9,19 9 9,199 
036 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM COMM/ELECTRONICS ................................................................... 349 349 037 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM .................................................................... 25,597 25, 597 
038 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ...................................................................................................... ................. 21,854 21,854 
040 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ....................................................................... 24,388 24 ,388 
COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 
042 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE ................................................................................................. ........... 1,349 1,349 
043 ARMY CA/MISO GPF EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 3,695 3,695 
INFORMATION SECURITY 
045 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP ................................................................................ 19, 920 19,920 
046 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ........................................................................................... ..... 72,257 72,257 
COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 
047 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................ ......... 16,082 16,082 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
048 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ................... 86,037 86,037 
050 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ..................................................................... 8,550 8,550 051 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ...................................................................... 73,496 73 ,496 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
054 JTT/CIBS-M ................................................................................................................. ................................ 881 881 
055 PROPHET GROUND ............................................................................................................. ....................... 63,650 48,650 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–15,000 ] 
057 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 260,268 250,268 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–10,000 ] 
058 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) ...................................................................................... ..... 3,906 3,906 
059 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 13,929 13,929 
060 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ...................................................................................... ......... 3,978 3,978 
061 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................. 7 ,542 7,542 
062 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ................................................................................. 8 ,010 8,010 
063 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM-M .................................................................... 8,125 8,12 5 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
064 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ........................................................................................... .. 63,472 63,472 
065 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ................................................................................... 2, 556 2,556 
066 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 8,224 8,224 
067 CREW ....................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,960 2,960 
068 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ......................................................................... 1,722  1,722 
069 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... 447 447 070 CI MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................................... ....................... 228 228 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
071 SENTINEL MODS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 43,285 43,285 
072 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ....................................................................................................... ..................... 124,216 124,216 
074 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF .............................................................................. 23,2 16 23,216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6481 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
076 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 60 ,679 60,679 
077 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) .............................................................................................. ........... 53,453 53,453 
078 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP ................................................................................................... .............. 3,338 3,338 
079 PROFILER ................................................................................................................... ............................... 4,057 4,057 
081 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ..................................................................................... 1 33,339 133,339 
082 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ...................................................................................... ..... 47,212 47,212 
083 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) ................................................................................................. ................ 22,314 22,314 
084 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................ ........ 12,131 12,131 
085 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ........... 10,075 10,075 
086 COUNTERFIRE RADARS ......................................................................................................... ................... 217,379 167,379 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–50,000 ] 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
087 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... .................. 1,190 1,190 
090 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... 28,176 28,176 
091 IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ......... 20,917 15,917 
Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................... [–5,000 ] 
092 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... ....... 5,850 5,850 
093 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ..................................................................... 12,738 12 ,738 
094 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ........ 145,405 145,405 
095 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ............................................................................ 162,6 54 146,654 
Program growth ................................................................................................................. .................... [–16,000 ] 
096 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP ....................................................................... 4,446 4 ,446 
098 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET .......................................................................... 16,218  16,218 
099 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... ......... 1,138 1,138 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
100 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .......... 12,089 12,089 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..... 105,775 105,775 
102 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ......................................................................... 18,995  18,995 
103 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ .. 62,319 62,319 
104 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................. 17 ,894 17,894 
ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 
106 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. 4,242 4,242 
ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 
107 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ........... 425 425 
108 BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................................. ............ 7,438 7,438 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
108A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 6,467 6,467 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
109 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .................... 248 248 
110 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... .. 1,487 1,487 
112 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ........................... 26,302 26,302 
BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 
113 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ....................... 9,822 9,822 
114 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ........... 21,516 21,516 
115 BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET .................................................................................................... ............... 4,959 4,959 
116 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... 52,546 52,546 
ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 
117 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ............................................................................. 58,6 82 58,682 
118 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ..................................................................................... 1 3,565 13,565 
119 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ... 2,136 2,136 
120 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... . 6,960 6,960 
121 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQPMT (EOD EQPMT) ...................................................................... 17,424 1 7,424 
122 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............ 8,284 8,284 
123 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 5,459 5,459 
124 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ........... 8,429 8,429 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
125 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ....................... 18,876 18,876 
127 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ .................. 2,287 2,287 
128 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................. 7, 733 7,733 
129 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ................. 49,798 49,798 
130 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... .................. 43,639 43,639 
132 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............... 13,118 13,118 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ..................................................................... 28,278 28 ,278 
135 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS .......................................................................... 34,544  34,544 
136 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. ............... 595 595 
PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 
137 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 5,368 5,368 
138 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................. 35 ,381 35,381 
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 
139 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... .............. 73,828 73,828 
MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 
140 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... 2 5,270 25,270 
141 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............. 2,760 2,760 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6482 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
142 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) .......................................................................................... .......... 5,903 5,903 
143 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ................. 26,125 26,125 
146 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED ...................................................................................................... ................. 27,156 27,156 
147 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ..................... 16,750 16,750 
148 PLANT, ASPHALT MIXING ...................................................................................................... ................... 984 984 
149 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) ................................................................................... 2 ,656 2,656 
150 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ............................................................................ 2,531  2,531 
151 FAMILY OF DIVER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... .... 446 446 
152 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ......................... 19,640 19,640 
153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ .......... 5,087 5,087 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 
154 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ .................. 39,772 39,772 
155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ........... 5,835 5,835 
GENERATORS 
156 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ....... 166,356 166,356 
157 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................. 11 ,505 11,505 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ .................... 17,496 17,496 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
160 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ...... 74,916 74,916 
161 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............. 303,236 278,236 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–25,000 ] 
162 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ......... 45,210 45,210 
163 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER ................................................................................... 3 0,068 30,068 
164 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ...................................................................... 9,793 9, 793 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 
165 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 4,650 4,650 
166 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ............................................................................... 34 ,487 34,487 
167 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... . 11,083 11,083 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................... 17, 937 17,937 
170 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ......... 52,040 52,040 
171 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 1,568 1,568 
172 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... .. 64,219 64,219 
173 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. .......... 1,525 1,525 
174 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... ..... 3,268 3,268 
176 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... .......................... 7,191 7,191 
OPA2 
177 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ...................... 48,511 48,511 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................ 5,899,028 5,613,282 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
002 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................. .................. 978,750 
Additional 12 Aircraft—Navy Unfunded Requirement ............................................................................... [978,750 ] 
003 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .................................................................................................... ................... 897,542 873,042 
Anticipated contract savings ................................................................................................... ................ [–7,700 ] 
Cost growth for support equipment .............................................................................................. ............ [–16,800 ] 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 48,630 48,630 
005 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................. ................................ 1,483,414 2,329,414 
Additional 6 Aircraft—Marine Corps Unfunded Requirement .................................................................... [846 ,000 ] 
006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 203,060 203,060 
007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 41,300 41,300 
008 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,436,355 1,421,355 
Support funding carryover ...................................................................................................... ................ [–15,000 ] 
009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 43,853 43,853 
010 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) ................................................................................................. ................. 800,057 800,057 
011 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 56,168 56,168 
012 MH–60S (MYP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 28,232 28,232 
014 MH–60R (MYP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 969,991 964,991 
Poor justification of production line shutdown funds ........................................................................... .... [–5,000 ] 
016 P–8A POSEIDON .............................................................................................................. ........................... 3,008,928 3,008,928 
017 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 269,568 250,568 
Advance procurement cost growth ................................................................................................ ........... [–19,000 ] 
018 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ........................................................................................................... ...................... 857,654 857,654 
019 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 195,336 195,336 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
020 JPATS ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 8,914 8,914 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
021 KC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 192,214 192,214 
022 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 24,451 24,451 
023 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................ ............................. 494,259 559,259 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6483 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Additional Air Vehicle ......................................................................................................... ................... [65,000 ] 
024 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 54,577 54,577 
025 MQ–8 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 120,020 156,020 
MQ–8 UAV-Additional three air vehicles ......................................................................................... ........ [36,000 ] 
026 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................ ............................. 3,450 3,450 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
028 EA–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 9,799 9,799 
029 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 23,151 38,151 
Additional Low Band Transmitter Modifications .................................................................................. ... [15,000 ] 
030 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 41,890 45,190 
AV–8B Link 16 upgrades, unfunded requirement ................................................................................... ... [3,300 ] 
031 ADVERSARY .................................................................................................................. ............................. 5,816 5,816 
032 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 978,756 968,456 
Unjustified request ............................................................................................................ ..................... [–10,300 ] 
034 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 46,887 46,887 
035 SH–60 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ............................... 107,728 107,728 
036 H–1 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 42,315 40,565 
Unjustified growth—installation funding ........................................................................................ ......... [–1,750 ] 
037 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 41,784 41,784 
038 P–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,067 3,067 
039 E–2 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 20,741 20,741 
040 TRAINER A/C SERIES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 27,980 27,980 
041 C–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 8,157 8,157 
042 C–130 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ............................... 70,335 69,041 
Unjustified growth—installation funding ........................................................................................ ......... [–1,294 ] 
043 FEWSG ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 633 633 
044 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES ................................................................................................. .............. 8,916 8,916 
045 E–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 185,253 185,253 
046 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ............................................................................................... ........... 76,138 72,338 
Unjustified growth—installation funding ........................................................................................ ......... [–3,800 ] 
047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ................ 23,702 23,702 
048 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 105,439 105,439 
049 POWER PLANT CHANGES ........................................................................................................ .................. 9,917 9,917 
050 JPATS SERIES ............................................................................................................... .............................. 13,537 13,537 
051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............... 131,732 131,732 
052 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .................................................................................................... .............. 202,745 202,745 
053 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM ............................................................................................. ..... 3,062 3,062 
054 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 48,206 48,206 
055 P–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 28,492 28,492 
056 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ...................................................................................................... ................. 7,680 7,680 
057 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .............................. 22,464 22,464 
058 RQ–7 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 3,773 3,773 
059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. .............. 121,208 144,208 
MV–22 Ballistic Protection ..................................................................................................... ................. [8,000 ] 
MV–22 integrated aircraft survivability—MC UFR ................................................................................. .. [15,000 ] 
060 F–35 STOVL SERIES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 256,106 256,106 
061 F–35 CV SERIES ............................................................................................................. ............................. 68,527 68,527 
062 QRC ........................................................................................................................ .................................... 6,885 6,885 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 1,563,515 1,478,515 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–85,000 ] 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
064 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........... 450,959 450,959 
065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................. ........... 24,010 24,010 
066 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ..................... 42,012 42,012 
067 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............ 2,455 2,455 
068 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............. 50,859 50,859 
069 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 1,801 1,801 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 16,126,405 17,927,811 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
001 TRIDENT II MODS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,099,064 1,099,064 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
002 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .............. 7,748 7,748 
STRATEGIC MISSILES 
003 TOMAHAWK ................................................................................................................... ............................ 184,814 214,814 
Minimum Sustaining Rate Increase ............................................................................................... .......... [30,000 ] 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
004 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ............................... 192,873 207,873 
Additional captive air training missiles ....................................................................................... ............. [15,000 ] 
005 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................. ............................. 96,427 96,427 
006 JSOW ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 21,419 21,419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6484 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
007 STANDARD MISSILE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 435,352 435,352 
008 RAM ........................................................................................................................ .................................... 80,826 80,826 
011 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ........................................................................... 4,26 5 4,265 
012 AERIAL TARGETS ............................................................................................................. ......................... 40,792 40,792 
013 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................. 3,335 3,335 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
014 ESSM ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 44,440 44,440 
015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 54,462 54,462 
016 HARM MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................ 122,298 122,298 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
017 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ........... 2,397 2,397 
018 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON ............................................................................................. ...... 39,932 39,932 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
019 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ......... 57,641 61,309 
Classified Program ............................................................................................................. ..................... [3,668 ] 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
020 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 7,380 7,380 
021 MK–48 TORPEDO .............................................................................................................. .......................... 65,611 65,611 
022 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 6,912 6,912 
MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
023 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS ......................................................................................................... .................... 113,219 113,219 
024 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS ................................................................................................... .............. 63,317 63,317 
025 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 13,254 13,254 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
026 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........... 67,701 67,701 
027 ASW RANGE SUPPORT .......................................................................................................... ..................... 3,699 3,699 
DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 
028 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 3,342 3,342 
GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
029 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ..................................................................................................... ............... 11,937 11,937 
MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
030 CIWS MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 53,147 53,147 
031 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ........................................................................................................ .................. 19,022 19,022 
032 GUN MOUNT MODS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 67,980 67,980 
033 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... . 19,823 19,823 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
035 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 149,725 149,725 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 3,154,154 3,202,822 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 101,238 101,238 
002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............ 67,289 67,289 
003 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... .............. 20,340 20,340 
004 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 40,365 40,365 
005 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ......................................................................................... .... 49,377 49,377 
006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. ..... 59,651 59,651 
007 JATOS ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,806 2,806 
008 LRLAP 6 ″ LONG RANGE ATTACK PROJECTILE ......................................................................................... 11,596 11, 596 
009 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... .................. 35,994 35,994 
010 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ........................................................................................ . 36,715 36,715 
011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................. ............. 45,483 45,483 
012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................ ..... 52,080 52,080 
013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ........... 10,809 10,809 
014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......... 4,469 4,469 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
015 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ...................................................................................................... ............... 46,848 46,848 
016 LINEAR CHARGES, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............... 350 350 
017 40 MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... .......................... 500 500 
018 60MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,849 1,849 
019 81MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,000 1,000 
020 120MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 13,867 13,867 
022 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................... 1,390 1,390 
023 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 14,967 14,967 
024 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 45,219 45,219 
026 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 29,335 29,335 
027 NON LETHALS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 3,868 3,868 
028 AMMO MODERNIZATION ......................................................................................................... ................. 15,117 15,117 
029 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 11,219 11,219 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC .............................................................................. 723,741 723,741 
SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY 
OTHER WARSHIPS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6485 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
001 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 1,634,701 1,634,701 
002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 874,658 874,658 
003 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ................................................................................................... ................ 3,346,370 3,346,370 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 1,993,740 1,993,740 
005 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS .................................................................................................... .............. 678,274 678,274 
006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 14,951 14,951 
007 DDG 1000 ................................................................................................................... .................................. 433,404 433,404 
008 DDG–51 ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 3,149,703 3,549,703 
Incremental funding for one DDG–51 ............................................................................................. .......... [400,000 ] 
010 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ....................................................................................................... ................... 1,356,991 1,356,991 
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 
012 LPD–17 ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 550,000 550,000 
013 AFLOAT FORWARD STAGING BASE ................................................................................................ .......... 97,000 
Accelerate shipbuilding funding ................................................................................................ .............. [97,000 ] 
014A LX(R) ADVANCE PROCURMENT (CY) ............................................................................................. ........... 250,000 
LX(R) Acceleration ............................................................................................................. .................... [250,000 ] 
015 LHA REPLACEMENT ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) .............................................................................. 277,5 43 476,543 
Accelerate LHA–8 advanced procurement .......................................................................................... ....... [199,000 ] 
016A LCU Replacement ........................................................................................................... .............................. 34,000 
Accelerate LCU replacement ..................................................................................................... ............... [34,000 ] 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 
017 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................ ......................... 674,190 674,190 
019 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 138,200 138,200 
020 OUTFITTING ................................................................................................................. ............................. 697,207 673,207 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–24,000 ] 
021 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR .................................................................................................... ................ 255,630 255,630 
022 SERVICE CRAFT .............................................................................................................. ........................... 30,014 30,014 
023 LCAC SLEP .................................................................................................................. ............................... 80,738 80,738 
024 YP CRAFT MAINTENANCE/ROH/SLEP .............................................................................................. ......... 21,838 21,838 
025 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS .................................................................................... 3 89,305 389,305 
025A T-ATS(X) Fleet Tug ........................................................................................................ .............................. 75,000 
Accelerate T-ATS(X) ............................................................................................................ ................... [75,000 ] 
TOTAL SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY ............................................................................... 16,597,457 17,628,457 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 
001 LM–2500 GAS TURBINE ........................................................................................................ ....................... 4,881 4,881 
002 ALLISON 501K GAS TURBINE ................................................................................................... .................. 5,814 5,814 
003 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) ................................................................................................ .............. 32,906 32,906 
GENERATORS 
004 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ..................................................................................................... ............. 36,860 36,860 
NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
005 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 87,481 87,481 
PERISCOPES 
006 SUB PERISCOPES & IMAGING EQUIP ............................................................................................. ........... 63,109 63,109 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
007 DDG MOD .................................................................................................................... ............................... 364,157 424,157 
Additional DDG Modification-Unfunded Requirement .............................................................................. [ 60,000 ] 
008 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................ 16,089 16,089 
009 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ............................................................................................ .. 2,255 2,255 
010 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE ............................................................................................................ ......................... 28,571 28,571 
011 LCC 19/20 EXTENDED SERVICE LIFE PROGRAM .................................................................................... ... 12,313 12,313 
012 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 16,609 16,609 
013 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 10,498 10,498 
014 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ....... 35,747 35,747 
015 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............ 48,399 48,399 
016 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ........................................................................................................ ................... 23,072 23,072 
017 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 55,283 55,283 
018 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 18,563 18,563 
019 DSSP EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ......................... 7,376 7,376 
021 LCAC ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 20,965 20,965 
022 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ........... 51,652 51,652 
023 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 102,498 102,498 
024 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS ................................................................................................. .......... 3,027 3,027 
025 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ......... 7,399 7,399 
REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
027 REACTOR COMPONENTS ......................................................................................................... .................. 296,095 296,095 
OCEAN ENGINEERING 
028 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .......... 15,982 15,982 
SMALL BOATS 
029 STANDARD BOATS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 29,982 29,982 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
030 OTHER SHIPS TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ......... 66,538 66,538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6486 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 
031 OPERATING FORCES IPE ....................................................................................................... .................... 71,138 71,138 
OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 
032 NUCLEAR ALTERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................... 132,625 132,625 
033 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... 2 3,500 23,500 
034 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ............... 85,151 85,151 
035 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ................ 35,228 35,228 
036 REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ............................................................................................ ...... 87,627 53,077 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory testing .................................................................... .. [–34,550 ] 
LOGISTIC SUPPORT 
037 LSD MIDLIFE ................................................................................................................ ............................. 2,774 2,774 
SHIP SONARS 
038 SPQ–9B RADAR ............................................................................................................... ............................ 20,551 20,551 
039 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 103,241 103,241 
040 SSN ACOUSTICS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 214,835 234,835 
Submarine Towed Array-Unfunded Requirement ..................................................................................... . [20,000 ] 
041 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... 7,331 7,331 
042 SONAR SWITCHES AND TRANSDUCERS ............................................................................................. ....... 11,781 11,781 
ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
044 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ... 21,119 21,119 
045 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 8,396 8,396 
046 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............. 146,968 146,968 
047 SURTASS .................................................................................................................... ................................. 12,953 12,953 
048 MARITIME PATROL AND RECONNSAISANCE FORCE ............................................................................... 13,7 25 13,725 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 
049 AN/SLQ–32 .................................................................................................................. ................................. 324,726 324,726 
RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 
050 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ....................................................................................................... ................... 148,221 148,221 
051 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ...................................................................................... ... 152 152 
SUBMARINE SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT 
052 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT PROG ........................................................................................... .... 79,954 79,954 
OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
053 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY .......................................................................................... ... 25,695 25,695 
054 TRUSTED INFORMATION SYSTEM (TIS) ........................................................................................... ........ 284 284 
055 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ...................................................................... 14,416 1 4,416 
056 ATDLS ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 23,069 23,069 
057 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ................................................................................... 4, 054 4,054 
058 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................ .... 21,014 21,014 
059 SHALLOW WATER MCM .......................................................................................................... .................. 18,077 18,077 
060 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) .............................................................................................. ............ 12,359 12,359 
061 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ....................................................................................... ... 4,240 4,240 
062 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 17,440 17,440 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
063 OTHER TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .............. 41,314 41,314 
AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
064 MATCALS .................................................................................................................... ............................... 10,011 10,011 
065 SHIPBOARD AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL .............................................................................................. ......... 9,346 9,346 
066 AUTOMATIC CARRIER LANDING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ..... 21,281 21,281 
067 NATIONAL AIR SPACE SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............... 25,621 25,621 
068 FLEET AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ...... 8,249 8,249 
069 LANDING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................ ........................ 14,715 14,715 
070 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 29,676 29,676 
071 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ......... 13,737 13,737 
OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
072 DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND & CONTROL ......................................................................................... . 1,314 1,314 
074 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ .............. 13,600 13,600 
075 DCGS-N ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 31,809 31,809 
076 CANES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 278,991 278,991 
077 RADIAC ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 8,294 8,294 
078 CANES-INTELL ............................................................................................................... ............................ 28,695 28,695 
079 GPETE ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 6,962 6,962 
080 MASF ....................................................................................................................... ................................... 290 290 
081 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY .......................................................................................... ...... 14,419 14,419 
082 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................ .......... 4,175 4,175 
083 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 44,176 44,176 
SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 
084 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................................... ... 8,722 8,722 
085 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION ............................................................................................. ...... 108,477 108,477 
086 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ............................................................................................. ....... 16,613 16,613 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 
087 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ......... 20,691 20,691 
088 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... . 60,945 60,945 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6487 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
089 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... ..... 30,892 30,892 
090 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) .............................................................................................. ........ 118,113 118,113 
SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 
091 JCS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ......... 4,591 4,591 
092 ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... .............. 1,403 1,403 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 
093 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ....................................................................................... ..... 135,687 135,687 
094 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................ ............ 970 970 
CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 
095 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ........................................................................................... .... 11,433 11,433 
OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 
096 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 2,529 2,529 
SONOBUOYS 
097 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ................. 168,763 168,763 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
098 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .... 46,979 46,979 
100 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 123,884 123,884 
103 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ........... 15,090 15,090 
104 DCRS/DPL ................................................................................................................... ................................ 638 638 
106 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .............................................................................................. ...... 14,098 14,098 
111 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 49,773 49,773 
SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 
112 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 5,300 5,300 
SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
115 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. .......... 298,738 298,738 
120 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........ 71,245 71,245 
FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
123 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ .......... 240,694 240,694 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
124 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........... 96,040 96,040 
125 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 30,189 30,189 
OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
129 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..... 22,623 22,623 
130 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 9,906 9,906 
OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 
134 TRAINING DEVICE MODS ....................................................................................................... ................... 99,707 99,707 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 2,252 2,252 
136 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............... 2,191 2,191 
137 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 2,164 2,164 
138 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................ 14,705 14,705 
139 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,497 2,497 
140 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................. 12,517 12,517 
141 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 3,018 3,018 
142 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ................... 14,403 14,403 
143 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .............. 1,186 1,186 
SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
144 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........ 18,805 18,805 
145 OTHER SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ...... 10,469 10,469 
146 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 5,720 5,720 
147 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ......... 211,714 211,714 
TRAINING DEVICES 
148 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 7,468 7,468 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
149 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ......... 36,433 36,433 
150 EDUCATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 3,180 3,180 
151 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........... 4,790 4,790 
153 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......... 4,608 4,608 
154 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... .. 5,655 5,655 
155 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ......................... 9,929 9,929 
156 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ... 26,795 26,795 
157 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 88,453 88,453 
159 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... .. 99,094 99,094 
OTHER 
160 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... .... 99,014 99,014 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 21,439 21,439 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
161 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 328,043 328,043 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................ 6,614,715 6,660,165 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6488 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
001 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................. ............................... 26,744 26,744 
002 LAV PIP .................................................................................................................... .................................. 54,879 54,879 
ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 
003 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ..... 2,652 2,652 
004 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ........................................................................................... .... 7,482 7,482 
005 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ...................................................................................... . 17,181 17,181 
006 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ......................................................................... 8,224 8,224 
OTHER SUPPORT 
007 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 14,467 14,467 
008 WEAPONS ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ...... 488 488 
GUIDED MISSILES 
009 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ................................................................................................... .............. 7,565 7,565 
010 JAVELIN .................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,091 51,091 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements .............................................................................. . [50,000 ] 
011 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW .......................................................................................................... .................... 4,872 4,872 
012 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) ................................................................................ 668  668 
OTHER SUPPORT 
013 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 12,495 152,495 
Additional missiles ............................................................................................................ ...................... [140,000 ] 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
014 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ..................................................................................................... ................. 13,109 13,109 
015 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ................................................................... 35,147 32,9 56 
Procurement early to need ...................................................................................................... ................ [–2,191 ] 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
016 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 21,210 21,210 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
017 COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ................ 792 792 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ....................................................................................... ...... 3,642 3,642 
020 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................ 3,520 3,520 
RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
021 RADAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ......................... 35,118 35,118 
022 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) .................................................................................... . 130,661 98,546 
Delay in IOTE .................................................................................................................. ...................... [–32,115 ] 
023 RQ–21 UAS .................................................................................................................. ................................ 84,916 84,916 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
024 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ........................................................................................................ .................... 9,136 9,136 
025 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 29,936 29,936 
028 DCGS-MC .................................................................................................................... ................................ 1,947 1,947 
OTHER COMM/ELEC EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
031 NIGHT VISION EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 2,018 2,018 
OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 
032 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) .............................................................................. 67,2 95 67,295 
033 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................................. ......... 43,101 40,101 
Marine Corps common hardware suite contract delay .............................................................................. . [–3,000 ] 
034 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................ 29,255 29,255 
035 RADIO SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 80,584 80,584 
036 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... .... 66,123 66,123 
037 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .. 79,486 79,486 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
037A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 2,803 2,803 
ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
038 COMMERCIAL PASSENGER VEHICLES .............................................................................................. ........ 3,538 3,538 
039 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............ 22,806 22,806 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
041 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................. ....... 7,743 7,743 
043 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............. 79,429 79,429 
044 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................ ............. 3,157 3,157 
OTHER SUPPORT 
045 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 6,938 6,938 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
046 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT ......................................................................................... .. 94 94 
047 BULK LIQUID EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................. 896 896 
048 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... .................. 136 136 
049 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED ................................................................................................... ............ 10,792 10,792 
050 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........ 3,235 3,235 
051 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 7,666 7,666 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
052 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 33,145 33,145 
053 GARRISON MOBILE ENGINEER EQUIPMENT (GMEE) ............................................................................... 1,4 19 1,419 
GENERAL PROPERTY 
057 TRAINING DEVICES ........................................................................................................... ........................ 24,163 24,163 
058 CONTAINER FAMILY ........................................................................................................... ...................... 962 962 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6489 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
059 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... .... 6,545 6,545 
060 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) .......................................................................... 7,533  7,533 
OTHER SUPPORT 
062 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 4,322 4,322 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 8,292 8,292 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................................ 1,131,418 1,284,112 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL FORCES 
001 F–35 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 5,260,212 5,161,112 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ............................................................................................ .............. [–99,100 ] 
002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 460,260 460,260 
TACTICAL AIRLIFT 
003 KC–46A TANKER .............................................................................................................. ........................... 2,350,601 2,326,601 
Program Decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–24,000 ] 
OTHER AIRLIFT 
004 C–130J ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 889,154 848,354 
Unit cost growth and contract delays ........................................................................................... ........... [–40,800 ] 
005 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 50,000 50,000 
006 HC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 463,934 453,934 
Unit cost growth ............................................................................................................... ...................... [–10,000 ] 
007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 30,000 30,000 
008 MC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 828,472 797,572 
Program efficiencies ........................................................................................................... ..................... [–30,900 ] 
009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 60,000 60,000 
MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 
011 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ....................................................................................................... ....................... 2,617 2,617 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
012 TARGET DRONES .............................................................................................................. ......................... 132,028 132,028 
014 RQ–4 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 37,800 37,800 
015 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 552,528 702,528 
Accelerating procurement schedule to meet CCDR demand ........................................................................ [1 60,000 ] 
Restrain growth in government costs ............................................................................................ ........... [–10,000 ] 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 
017 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 32,458 32,458 
018 B–1B ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 114,119 114,119 
019 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 148,987 148,987 
020 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ................................................................................ 84,3 35 84,335 
022 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 464,367 692,071 
F–15 MIDS JTRS transfer to RDT&E ............................................................................................... ........ [–12,796 ] 
F–15C AESA radars .............................................................................................................. .................. [48,000 ] 
F–15D AESA radars .............................................................................................................. .................. [192,500 ] 
023 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 17,134 17,134 
024 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 126,152 126,152 
025 F–35 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 70,167 70,167 
026 INCREMENT 3.2B ............................................................................................................. ........................... 69,325 69,325 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
028 C–5 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 5,604 5,604 
030 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 46,997 46,997 
031 C–21 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 10,162 10,162 
032 C–32A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 44,464 44,464 
033 C–37A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 10,861 10,861 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
034 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 134 134 
035 T–6 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 17,968 17,968 
036 T–1 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 23,706 23,706 
037 T–38 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 30,604 30,604 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
038 U–2 MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................ 22,095 22,095 
039 KC–10A (ATCA) .............................................................................................................. ............................. 5,611 5,611 
040 C–12 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,980 1,980 
042 VC–25A MOD ................................................................................................................. .............................. 98,231 98,231 
043 C–40 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 13,171 13,171 
044 C–130 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 7,048 146,248 
C–130 AMP increase ............................................................................................................. ................... [75,000 ] 
C–130H Electronic Prop Control System – UPL .................................................................................... ..... [13,500 ] 
C–130H In-flight Prop Balancing System – UPL ................................................................................... .... [1,500 ] 
Eight-Bladed Propeller ......................................................................................................... .................. [16,000 ] 
T–56 3.5 Engine Mod ............................................................................................................ ................... [33,200 ] 
045 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................... 29,713 29,713 
046 C–135 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 49,043 49,043 
047 COMPASS CALL MODS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 68,415 97,115 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6490 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ............................................................................................ .......... [28,700 ] 
048 RC–135 ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 156,165 156,165 
049 E–3 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 13,178 13,178 
050 E–4 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 23,937 23,937 
051 E–8 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 18,001 18,001 
052 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................ . 183,308 183,308 
053 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................. 4 4,163 44,163 
054 H–1 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 6,291 6,291 
055 UH–1N REPLACEMENT .......................................................................................................... ..................... 2,456 2,456 
056 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 45,731 45,731 
057 RQ–4 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................... 50,022 50,022 
058 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 21,660 21,660 
059 OTHER AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................. ........................ 117,767 115,521 
C2ISR TDL transfer to COMSEC equipment ......................................................................................... .... [–2,246 ] 
060 MQ–1 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 3,173 3,173 
061 MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 115,226 115,226 
063 CV–22 MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................... 58,828 58,828 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
064 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 656,242 656,242 
COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
065 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 33,716 33,716 
POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 
067 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 38,837 38,837 
068 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 5,911 5,911 
069 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 30,108 30,108 
070 CV–22 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT .............................................................................................. .......... 3,353 3,353 
071 C–135 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 4,490 4,490 
072 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,225 3,225 
073 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 14,969 8,969 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–6,000 ] 
074 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 971 971 
076 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,000 5,000 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 
077 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS .................................................................................................. .............. 18,802 18,802 
WAR CONSUMABLES 
078 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ..................... 156,465 156,465 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
079 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............ 1,052,814 1,111,900 
Transfer from RDT&E for NATO AWACS ............................................................................................. ... [59,086 ] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
079A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 42,503 42,503 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................. 15,657,769 16,049,413 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 
001 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ........................................................................................... ....... 94,040 94,040 
TACTICAL 
003 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ......................................................................................... ....... 440,578 430,578 
Unit cost efficiencies ......................................................................................................... ...................... [–10,000 ] 
004 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) ........................................................................................................ ...................... 200,777 200,777 
005 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ............................... 390,112 381,728 
Joint program unit cost variance ............................................................................................... .............. [–8,384 ] 
006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............. 423,016 423,016 
007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................. 133,697 133,697 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 
008 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION ........................................................................................ ... 397 397 
CLASS IV 
009 MM III MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 50,517 50,517 
010 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 9,639 9,639 
011 AGM–88A HARM ............................................................................................................... ........................... 197 197 
012 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ........................................................................................... .......... 25,019 25,019 
MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
014 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 48,523 48,523 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS 
028 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... .............. 276,562 276,562 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
028A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 893,971 893,971 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 2,987,045 2,968,661 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
001 ADVANCED EHF ............................................................................................................... .......................... 333,366 333,366 
002 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ....................................................................................... ... 53,476 74,476 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6491 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
SATCOM pathfinder .............................................................................................................. ................. [26,000 ] 
Unjustified support growth ..................................................................................................... ................ [–5,000 ] 
003 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 199,218 199,218 
004 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) .................................................................................................. .............. 18,362 18,362 
005 GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) ................................................................................................. ............... 66,135 66,135 
006 DEF METEOROLOGICAL SAT PROG(SPACE) ......................................................................................... .... 89,351 40,000 
Minimum sustainment of DMSP–20 program ......................................................................................... ... [–49,351 ] 
007 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ...................................................................................... 5 71,276 571,276 
008 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ....................................................................................... 800,201 800,201 
009 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) .......................................................................................................... .......................... 452,676 452,676 
TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................... 2,584,061 2,555,710 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
ROCKETS 
001 ROCKETS .................................................................................................................... ................................ 23,788 23,788 
CARTRIDGES 
002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. ............................. 131,102 169,602 
Increase to match size of A–10 fleet ........................................................................................... ............... [38,500 ] 
BOMBS 
003 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 89,759 89,759 
004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 637,181 637,181 
005 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) .......................................................................................... .... 39,690 39,690 
006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ........... 374,688 354,688 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–20,000 ] 
OTHER ITEMS 
007 CAD/PAD .................................................................................................................... ................................. 58,266 58,266 
008 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) .......................................................................................... ...... 5,612 5,612 
009 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 103 103 
010 MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 1,102 1,102 
011 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 3,044 3,044 
FLARES 
012 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 120,935 120,935 
FUZES 
013 FUZES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 213,476 213,476 
SMALL ARMS 
014 SMALL ARMS ................................................................................................................. ............................ 60,097 60,097 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................. 1,758,843 1,777,343 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
001 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 8,834 8,834 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 
002 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ............... 58,160 58,160 
003 CAP VEHICLES ............................................................................................................... ............................ 977 977 
004 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 12,483 12,483 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 
005 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................. .......... 4,728 4,728 
006 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 4,662 4,662 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
007 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ........................................................................................ ...... 10,419 10,419 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
008 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 23,320 23,320 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 
009 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 6,215 6,215 
010 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 87,781 87,781 
COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 
011 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ..................... 136,998 139,244 
Transfer for Link 16 Upgrades .................................................................................................. .............. [2,246 ] 
012 MODIFICATIONS (COMSEC) ..................................................................................................... ................. 677 677 
INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
013 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ....... 4,041 4,041 
014 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 22,573 22,573 
015 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............... 14,456 14,456 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
016 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS .......................................................................................... ....... 31,823 31,823 
017 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............... 5,833 5,833 
018 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................ ......... 1,687 1,687 
019 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ....................................................................................... . 22,710 22,710 
020 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ............................................................................................... ........ 21,561 21,561 
021 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................................. ...... 286,980 286,980 
022 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX .................................................................................................. .......... 36,186 36,186 
024 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ........................................................................ 9,597 9,597 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6492 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
025 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ..... 27,403 27,403 
026 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................ ..... 7,212 7,212 
027 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ....... 11,062 30,962 
Additional battlefield air operations kits to meet need ........................................................................ ...... [19,900 ] 
028 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ...... 131,269 131,269 
029 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ..................................................................................................... ................ 33,606 33,606 
030 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N ......................................................................................... . 5,232 5,232 
031 C3 COUNTERMEASURES ......................................................................................................... ................... 7,453 7,453 
032 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM ........................................................................................ .. 3,976 3,976 
033 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................ .............................. 25,515 16,515 
LOGIT—prioritize FIAR projects ................................................................................................. ............ [–9,000 ] 
034 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MGMT SYSTEM .................................................................... 9,255 9,25 5 
035 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ............................................................................................... .......... 7,523 7,523 
036 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYS ......................................................................................... ....... 12,043 12,043 
037 AIR OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 10.2 ........................................................................................... ............ 24,246 14,846 
Fielding funds ahead of need ................................................................................................... ............... [–9,400 ] 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
038 INFORMATION TRANSPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ....... 74,621 74,621 
039 AFNET ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 103,748 98,748 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ ................... [–5,000 ] 
041 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ............................................................................ 5,19 9 5,199 
042 USCENTCOM .................................................................................................................. ............................ 15,780 15,780 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
043 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................. 7 9,592 64,592 
Ahead of need .................................................................................................................. ...................... [–15,000 ] 
044 SPACE BASED IR SENSOR PGM SPACE ............................................................................................ ......... 90,190 90,190 
045 NAVSTAR GPS SPACE .......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,029 2,029 
046 NUDET DETECTION SYS SPACE .................................................................................................. .............. 5,095 5,095 
047 AF SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK SPACE ......................................................................................... ... 76,673 76,673 
048 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ............................................................................................... ........... 113,275 113,275 
049 MILSATCOM SPACE ............................................................................................................ ....................... 35,495 35,495 
050 SPACE MODS SPACE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 23,435 23,435 
051 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEM ........................................................................................................ .................. 43,065 43,065 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 77,538 133,438 
Battlefield Airmen Kits Unfunded Requirement ................................................................................... ..... [19,900 ] 
Joint Terminal Control Training Simulation Unfunded Requirement ......................................................... [36,000  ] 
054 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................... 8,400 8,400 
055 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 6,144 6,144 
056 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ................................................................................................... ............ 77,010 77,010 
MODIFICATIONS 
057 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................ ...................... 71,800 71,800 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
058 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,370 2,370 
059 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 79,623 79,623 
DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 
060 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 7,249 7,249 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
061 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............. 9,095 9,095 
062 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 17,866 17,866 
064 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................... .................... 61,850 61,850 
065 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 30,477 30,477 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
067 DARP RC135 ................................................................................................................. ............................... 25,072 25,072 
068 DCGS-AF .................................................................................................................... ................................. 183,021 183,021 
070 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............... 629,371 629,371 
071 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. ......................................................................................... .... 100,663 100,663 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
071A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 15,038,333 15,038,333 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
073 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 59,863 59,863 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 18,272,438 18,312,084 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 
001 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 1,488 1,488 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 
002 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 2,494 2,494 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 
003 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................................... ............. 9,341 9,341 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
007 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ............................................................................................... .......... 8,080 15,080 
SHARKSEER ...................................................................................................................... ................... [7,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6493 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... .................... 62,789 62,789 
009 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 9,399 9,399 
010 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ..................................................................................... ..... 1,819 1,819 
011 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK ......................................................................................... . 141,298 141,298 
012 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................................................. ................ 12,732 12,732 
013 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ........................................................................................... ... 64,098 64,098 
014 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ............................................................................................... ........... 617,910 617,910 
015 JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 84,400 84,400 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 
016 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 5,644 5,644 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 
017 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 11,208 11,208 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 
018 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ............................................................................ 1,298  1,298 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 
020 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 1,048 1,048 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
021 VEHICLES ................................................................................................................... ................................ 100 100 
022 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 5,474 5,474 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
023 THAAD ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 464,067 464,067 
024 AEGIS BMD .................................................................................................................. .............................. 558,916 679,361 
Increase SM–3 Block IB canisters ............................................................................................... ............. [2,565 ] 
Increase SM–3 Block IB purchase ................................................................................................ ............ [117,880 ] 
025 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 147,765 –147,765 
SM–3 Block IB .................................................................................................................. ..................... [–147,765 ] 
026 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ....................................................................................................... .................... 78,634 78,634 
027 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ..................................................................................................... ..................... 30,587 30,587 
028 IRON DOME .................................................................................................................. .............................. 55,000 –55,000 
Realignment of Iron Dome to Overseas Contingency Operations ................................................................ [–41 ,400 ] 
Request excess of requirement .................................................................................................. ................ [–13,600 ] 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 
035 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ............................................................................ 37,1 77 37,177 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 
036 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ....................................................................................................... .................. 46,939 46,939 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
038 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ....................................................................................................... .................... 13,027 13,027 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 
040 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ....................................................................................................... .................. 27,859 27,859 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 617,757 617,757 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
041 MC–12 ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 63,170 –63,170 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................................................................................... ............ [–63,170 ] 
042 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ....................................................................................... 135,985 135,985 
044 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ...................................................................................................... ................. 61,275 61,275 
045 U–28 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 63,170 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................................................................................... ............ [63,170 ] 
047 RQ–11 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .............................................................................................. .......... 20,087 20,087 
048 CV–22 MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ....................... 18,832 18,832 
049 MQ–1 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... .......... 1,934 1,934 
050 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... .......... 11,726 21,726 
MQ–9 capability enhancements ................................................................................................... ............ [10,000 
] 
051 STUASL0 .................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,514 1,514 
052 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE ................................................................................................... ................ 204,105 204,105 
053 AC/MC–130J ................................................................................................................. ................................ 61,368 61,368 
054 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 66,861 31,412 
C–130 TF/TA adjustments ........................................................................................................ ................ [–35,449 ] 
SHIPBUILDING 
055 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .................. 32,521 32,521 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
056 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .................... 174,734 174,734 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
057 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 93,009 93,009 
058 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................... 14,964 14,964 
059 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................... ........................ 79,149 79,149 
060 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ............. 33,362 33,362 
061 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ...................... 143,533 143,533 
062 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 73,520 73,520 
063 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ....................................................................................................... ................... 186,009 186,009 
064 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................ .......... 19,693 19,693 
065 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ....................................................................................... ... 3,967 3,967 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6494 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
066 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... 19 ,225 19,225 
068 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........... 213,252 213,252 
CBDP 
074 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS .............................................................................. 141, 223 141,223 
075 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION .......................................................................................... ..... 137,487 137,487 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................................ 5,130,853 5,030,084 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
001 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ........................................................................................ ... 99,701 –99,701 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–99,701 ] 
TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .................................................................... 99,701 –99,701 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... 106,967,393 110,823,998 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
003 AERIAL COMMON SENSOR (ACS) (MIP) ........................................................................................... ......... 99,500 99,500 
004 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 16,537 16,537 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
016 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ....................... 8,700 8,700 
023 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ..................... 32,000 32,000 
031 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 8,250 8,250 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................... 164,987 164,987 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
003 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................. 37,260 37,260 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................... 37,260 37,260 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
016 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 7,030 7,030 
021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ........................................................................... 19,000 1 9,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................... 26,030 26,030 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................... 4,000 4,000 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
008 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 11,700 11,700 
009 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 4,000 4,000 
010 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 7,000 7,000 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
012 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................... 5,0 00 5,000 
013 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .... 10,000 10,000 
015 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ........................................................................ 2,000 2,000 
ROCKETS 
017 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............... 136,340 136,340 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
019 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 4,000 4,000 
021 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 8,000 8,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ........................................................................... 192,040 192,040 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
005 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ... 243,998 243,998 
009 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV .......................................................................... 223,27 6 223,276 
011 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... ............. 130,000 130,000 
012 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ......................................................................... 393,100  393,100 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
021 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 5,724 5,724 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
051 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ...................................................................... 29,500 29 ,500 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.034 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6495 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
057 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 54,140 54,140 
059 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 6,542 6,542 
061 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................. 3 ,860 3,860 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
068 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ......................................................................... 14,84 7 14,847 
069 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... 19,535 19, 535 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
084 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................ ........ 2,601 2,601 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
087 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... .................. 48 48 
094 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ........ 252 252 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..... 652 652 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
111 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. ............... 4,035 4,035 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
131 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. ........................ 53,800 53,800 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ..................................................................... 700 700 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ .................... 10,486 10,486 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................... 8,5 00 8,500 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................ 1,205,596 1,205,596 
JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND 
NETWORK ATTACK 
001 ATTACK THE NETWORK ......................................................................................................... ................... 219,550 215,086 
Adjustment due to low execution in prior years ................................................................................. ....... [–4,464 ] 
JIEDDO DEVICE DEFEAT 
002 DEFEAT THE DEVICE .......................................................................................................... ...................... 77,600 77,600 
FORCE TRAINING 
003 TRAIN THE FORCE ............................................................................................................ ......................... 7,850 7,850 
STAFF AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
004 OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................. ............................. 188,271 138,271 
Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................... [–50,000 ] 
TOTAL JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND ..................................................................... 493,271 438,807 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
026 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................ ............................. 55,000 55,000 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
030 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 41,365 41,365 
032 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 8,000 8,000 
037 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 6,300 6,300 
047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ................ 14,198 14,198 
051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............... 72,700 72,700 
052 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .................................................................................................... .............. 13,988 13,988 
059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. .............. 4,900 4,900 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................. ........... 943 943 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 217,394 217,394 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
010 LASER MAVERICK ............................................................................................................. ........................ 3,344 3,344 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 3,344 3,344 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 9,715 9,715 
002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............ 11,108 11,108 
003 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... .............. 3,603 3,603 
006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. ..... 11,982 11,982 
011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................. ............. 4,674 4,674 
012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................ ..... 3,456 3,456 
013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ........... 1,989 1,989 
014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......... 4,674 4,674 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
020 120MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 10,719 10,719 
023 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 3,993 3,993 
024 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 67,200 67,200 
025 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 518 518 
026 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 3,299 3,299 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.035 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6496 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC .............................................................................. 136,930 136,930 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 186 186 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 12,000 12,000 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................ 12,186 12,186 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
GUIDED MISSILES 
010 JAVELIN .................................................................................................................... ................................. 7,679 7,679 
OTHER SUPPORT 
013 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 10,311 10,311 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
014 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ..................................................................................................... ................. 8,221 8,221 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
018 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 3,600 3,600 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ....................................................................................... ...... 8,693 8,693 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
027 RQ–11 UAV .................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,430 3,430 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
052 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 7,000 7,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................................ 48,934 48,934 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
015 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 13,500 13,500 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
044 C–130 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,410 1,410 
056 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 39,300 39,300 
058 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 5,690 5,690 
061 MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 69,000 69,000 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................. 128,900 128,900 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL 
006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............. 280,902 280,902 
007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................. 2,520 2,520 
CLASS IV 
010 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 5,720 5,720 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 289,142 289,142 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
CARTRIDGES 
002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. ............................. 8,371 8,371 
BOMBS 
004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 17,031 17,031 
006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ........... 184,412 184,412 
FLARES 
012 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 11,064 11,064 
FUZES 
013 FUZES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 7,996 7,996 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................. 228,874 228,874 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
025 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ..... 3,953 3,953 
027 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ....... 2,000 2,000 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
042 USCENTCOM .................................................................................................................. ............................ 10,000 10,000 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 4,065 4,065 
056 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ................................................................................................... ............ 15,400 15,400 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
058 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ....................................................................................................... .................... 3,580 3,580 
059 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 3,407 3,407 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
062 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 46,790 46,790 
064 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................... .................... 400 400 
065 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 9,800 9,800 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.035 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6497 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
071 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. ......................................................................................... .... 28,070 28,070 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
071A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 3,732,499 3,732,499 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 3,859,964 3,859,964 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... .................... 1,940 1,940 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
028 IRON DOME .................................................................................................................. .............................. 41,400 
Realignment of Iron Dome to Overseas Contingency Operations—Subject to Title XVI ............................... [41,400 ] 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
028A DAVID SLING ............................................................................................................... .............................. 150,000 
David’s Sling Weapon System Procurement—Subject to Title XVI ............................................................. [150,0 00 ] 
028B ARROW 3 ................................................................................................................... ................................. 15,000 
Arrow 3 Upper Tier Procurement—Subject to Title XVI ............................................................................ [15,000 ] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 35,482 35,482 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
041 MC–12 ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,000 5,000 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
056 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .................... 35,299 35,299 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
061 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ...................... 15,160 15,160 
063 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ....................................................................................................... ................... 15,000 15,000 
068 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........... 104,537 104,537 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................................ 212,418 418,818 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
007 MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............. 420,000 
NGREA Program Increase ......................................................................................................... .............. [420,000 ] 
TOTAL NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT ................................................................. 420,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... 7,257,270 7,829,206 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................... 13,018 13,018 
002 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........... 239,118 279,118 
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .. [40,000 ] 
003 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ....... 72,603 72,603 
004 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ..................................................................... 100,3 40 100,340 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH .................................................................................................... 425,079 465,079 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
005 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. .............. 28,314 28,314 
006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY .............................................................................. 38,374 38,374 
007 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ....................................................................................................... .......................... 6,879 6,879 
008 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ................ 56,884 56,884 
009 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ... 19,243 19,243 
010 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ .................. 45,053 53,053 
A2/AD Anti-Ship Missile Study .................................................................................................. .. [8,000 ] 
011 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... .... 29,428 29,428 
012 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION .................................................................................. .. 27,862 27,862 
013 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. 68,839 68 ,839 
014 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............... 92,801 92,801 
015 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ............................................. 3,866 3,866 016 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. ... 5,487 5,487 
017 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 48,340 48,340 
018 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ................................................................................ .. 55,301 55,301 
019 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ............. 33,807 33,807 
020 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............... 25,068 25,068 
021 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 23,6 81 23,681 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.035 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6498 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
022 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 2 0,850 20,850 
023 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY .......................................................... 36,160 36,160  
024 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 1 2,656 12,656 
025 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ... 63,409 63,409 
026 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 24,735 24,735 
027 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............ 35,795 35,795 
028 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ................ 76,853 76,853 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................................ 879,685 887,685 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
029 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... . 46,973 46,973 
030 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ..... 69,584 69,584 
031 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ..... 89,736 89,736 
032 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 57,663 57, 663 
033 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................. 113,071 113,071 034 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 5,55 4 5,554 
035 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................ 12,636 12,636 037 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ...................................................................................................... ........................ 7,502 7,502 
038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ........................................................... 17,425 17, 425 
039 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ...................................................................................................... ........................ 11,912 11,912 
040 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 27,520 27,520 041 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ...................................................................................................... ......................... 2,381 2,381 
042 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ...................................................................................................... ........................ 2,431 2,431 
043 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ... 26,874 26,874 
044 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 49,44 9 49,449 
045 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ........................ 10,999 10,999 
046 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .............................................. 177,159 177,159 047 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................... 13,993 13,993 048 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. ... 5,105 5,105 
049 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. .. 40,929 40,929 
050 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................. 10,727 10,727 051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. 20,145 2 0,145 
052 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................. 38,163 38,163 053 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ............ 37,816 37,816 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 895,747 895,747 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
054 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ....................................................................... 10,3 47 10,347 
055 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................... ..... 25,061 25,061 
056 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ......................................................................... 49,63 6 49,636 
057 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .................................................. 13,426 13,426 058 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ............................................................................... 4 6,749 46,749 
060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. ... 6,258 6,258 
061 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV ..................................................... 13,472 13,472 
062 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 7,292 7, 292 
063 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ............................................................... 8,813 8,813  
065 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ... 6,075 6,075 
067 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV .................................................................... 21,233  21,233 
068 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ........................................................................................... ........... 31,962 31,962 
069 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 22,194  22,194 
071 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .......................................................................................... ............. 9,805 9,805 
072 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................. .. 40,917 40,917 
073 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) .......................................................... 30,058 3 0,058 
074 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ........................ 155,361 155,361 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................. 498,659 498,659 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
076 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS ................................................................................................. .................... 12,939 12,939 
078 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... .. 18,843 18,843 
079 0604280A JOINT TACTICAL RADIO .............................................................................................. .................. 9,861 9,861 
080 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ................................................................. 8,763 8 ,763 
081 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ........... 4,309 4,309 
082 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ......................................................................................................
........................ 15,138 15,138 
083 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS .......................................................................................... .......... 74,128 80,628 
Army requested realignment ..................................................................................................... ... [1,500 ] 
Soldier Enhancement Program .................................................................................................... . [5,000 ] 
085 0604611A JAVELIN ........................................................................................................... ............................... 3,945 3,945 
087 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... .................. 10,076 10,076 
088 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ...................................................................... 40,37 4 40,374 
089 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................... ........ 67,582 67,582 
090 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ....................................................................... 1,76 3 1,763 
091 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ............................................................................... 27,155 27,155 
092 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ........................................ 24,569 24,569 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6499 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
093 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 23,364 23,3 64 
094 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 8,960  8,960 
095 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV .................................................... 9,138 9,138 096 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE .................................................................. 21,622  21,622 
097 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION .............................................................. 99,242 9 9,242 
098 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... .... 21,379 21,379 
099 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV .................................................................... 48,339  48,339 
100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ................................................ 2,726 2,726 101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ...................... 45,412 45,412 102 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV .................................................................................. 55,215 55,215 
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ........................................ 163,643 163,643 105 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 12,309 12,309 
106 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ......................................................... 15,700 15, 700 
107 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ........................... 6,243 6,243 
108 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ................................................................................... .. 18,776 18,776 
109 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ............ 1,953 1,953 
110 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 67,3 58 67,358 
111 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) .................................................... 136,011 121,0 11 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ ....... [–15,000 ] 
112 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ............................................................................ 23 0,210 230,210 
113 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) .............................................................................. .. 13,357 13,357 
114 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... .......... 18,055 18,055 
115 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ......................... 5,677 5,677 
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .................................................................... 77,570 101,570 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement .............................................. [24,000 ] 
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 18,112 78,112 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement .............................................. [60,000 ] 
118 0605350A WIN-T INCREMENT 3—FULL NETWORKING ................................................................................. . 39,700 39,700 
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ............................................................................ .. 12,987 12,987 
120 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ...... 88,866 83,054 
EMD contract delays ............................................................................................................ ...... [–5,812 ] 
121 0605456A PAC–3/MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................. ...................... 2,272 2,272 
122 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ......................................................... 214,099 21 4,099 
123 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE ............................................................................................. ............. 49,247 39,247 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... ..... [–10,000 ] 
124 0605626A AERIAL COMMON SENSOR .............................................................................................. .............. 2 2 
125 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................... 10,599 10,599 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH.32,486 32,486 
127 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................. 8,880 8,880 
128 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .............................................................................. 1 52,288 152,288 
129 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ......................... 5,022 5,022 
130 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... .. 12,686 12,686 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ....................................................... 2,068,950 2,128,638 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
131 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... .... 20,035 20,035 
132 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ....... 16,684 16,684 
133 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............... 62,580 62,580 
134 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ................ 20,853 20,853 
135 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............... 205,145 205,145 
136 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. 19,430 19,430 
138 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... ....... 277,646 277,646 
139 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ..................................................... 51,550 51,550 140 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. ..... 33,246 33,246 
141 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................
............... 4,760 4,760 
142 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ................................................................ 8,303 8, 303 
143 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ........... 20,403 20,403 
144 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... ....... 10,396 10,396 
145 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... ..... 49,337 49,337 
146 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ............ 52,694 52,694 
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ...................................................... 938 938 148 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ............. 60,319 60,319 
149 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. ..... 28,478 28,478 
150 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................... 32,604 24,604 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ........ [–8,000 ] 
151 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ..................................................... 3,186 3,186 152 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .............. 48,955 48,955 
SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................ 1,027,542 1,019,542 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
154 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................ 18 ,397 18,397 
155 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ........................ 9,461 9,461 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6500 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................... 4,945 4,945 
157 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 7,569 7,569 
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................ 69,8 62 69,862 
159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................... 66,653 66 ,653 
160 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .......................................................................... 37,40 7 37,407 
161 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... 1,151 1 ,151 
162 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................... .. 51,164 51,164 
163 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE .................................................................................... .... 2,481 2,481 
164 0607141A LOGISTICS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ................ 1,673 1,673 
166 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ................ 13,237 13,237 
167 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... ...... 105,816 105,816 
169 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE .......................................................................... 40, 565 40,565 
171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) .............................. 35,719 35,719 172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................... 257, 167 354,167 
Stryker Lethality Upgrades ..................................................................................................... .... [97,000 ] 
173 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... .......... 15,445 15,445 
175 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...................................................... 364 364 176 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... .......................... 4,361 4,361 
177 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................... 3,154 3,154 178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................. 35,951 35,9 51 
179 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ....................... 34,686 34,686 
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ...................................................... 10,750 10,750 181 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ...... 402 402 
183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM .......................................................... 64,159 64 ,159 
184 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ............................................................ 17,527 17, 527 
185 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ........ 20,515 20,515 
187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. .. 12,368 12,368 
188 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................... 31, 154 31,154 
189 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ..... 12,274 12,274 
190 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ................................................................................. . 9,355 9,355 
191 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................... 7,053 7,053  
193 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ .... 750 750 
194 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. .. 13,225 13,225 
195 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ... 22,870 22,870 
196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................ 25,592 25 ,592 
199 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... .............................. 7,297 7,297 
201 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING .............................................................................. 3,800 3,800 
202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ................................................................. 48,442  48,442 
202A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 4,536 4,536 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 1,129,297 1,226,297 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ................................................. 6,924,959 7,121,647 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ....... 116,196 134,196 
Defense University Research Instumentation Program increase ..................................................... [18,000 ] 
002 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................... 19,126 19,126 
003 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........... 451,606 506,606 
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .. [55,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH .................................................................................................... 586,928 659,928 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. . 68,723 68,723 
005 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. .. 154,963 154,963 
006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 49,0 01 49,001 
007 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... .. 42,551 42,551 
008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................... 45,056  45,056 
009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................... 115,051  115,051 
010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ...................................................... 42,252 62,252 
Service Life Extension for the AGOR Ship .................................................................................... [20 ,000 ] 
011 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................... 6,119 6,119 
012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. 123,750 142,350 
Accelerate undersea warfare research .......................................................................................... [ 18,600 ] 
013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................. 179,68 6 179,686 
014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................... 37,418 37,418 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................................ 864,570 903,170 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
015 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 37,09 3 37,093 
016 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 38,04 4 38,044 
017 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................... 34,899 34,899  
018 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ......................................................... 137,562 137,5 62 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6501 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
019 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 12,745 12,745 
020 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............................. 258,860 258,860 021 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................... 57, 074 57,074 
022 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 4,807 4,807  
023 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 13,748  13,748 
024 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................... 66,041 66,041 025 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................ 1,991 1,991 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 662,864 662,864 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
026 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ................................................................................... ...... 41,832 41,832 
027 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................ ............... 5,404 5,404 
028 0603237N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL .......................................................................... 3,08 6 3,086 
029 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................... 11,643 11,643 
030 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................... .......... 5,555 5,555 
031 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE .................................................................................. ... 3,087 3,087 
032 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 1,6 36 1,636 
033 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES .................................................... 118,588 113,588 
LDUUV development growth ....................................................................................................... [–5,000 ] 
034 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ...................................................................................... ........ 77,385 77,385 
035 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ....... 8,348 8,348 
036 0603525N PILOT FISH ........................................................................................................ ............................. 123,246 123,246 
037 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... ...................... 28,819 28,819 
038 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER ................................................................................................... ...................... 112,678 112,678 
039 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL .............................................................................................. .............. 710 710 
040 0603553N SURFACE ASW ....................................................................................................... ......................... 1,096 1,096 
041 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 87,160 93,360 
Accelerate unmanned underwater vehicle development ................................................................. [10,000 ] 
Universal launch and recovery module unfunded outyear tail ....................................................... [–3,800 ] 
042 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 1 0,371 10,371 
043 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ...................................................................................... ........ 11,888 11,888 
044 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ................................................................ 4,332  4,332 
045 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .................................................................................... .. 482,040 482,040 
046 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 2 5,904 25,904 
047 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ....................................................................................................... ......................... 511,802 511,802 
048 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ........................................................................................ ............ 118,416 118,416 
049 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ......................................................................................... ......... 35,901 35,901 
050 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT .................................................................................................. ................... 971,393 971,393 
051 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ............................................................................................... .................. 206,149 206,149 
052 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) ................................................................................. .... 8,000 8,000 
053 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ ............. 7,678 7,678 
054 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ..................................................................................... ....... 219,082 219,082 
055 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ................................................................ 623 623 056 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 18,260 18, 260 
057 0603658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 76,247 76,247 
058 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 4,520 4,5 20 
059 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION .......................................................................................... ......... 20,711 20,711 
060 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ............... 47,761 47,761 
061 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................ .............. 5,226 5,226 
062 0603734N CHALK CORAL ....................................................................................................... ......................... 182,771 182,771 
063 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ........................................................................................ ........... 3,866 3,866 
064 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 360,065 360,065 
065 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ..................................................................................................... ....................... 237,416 237,416 
066 0603751N RETRACT ELM ....................................................................................................... ......................... 37,944 37,944 
067 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN .................................................................................................... ...................... 47,312 47,312 
068 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES .................................................................................................
.................... 17,408 17,408 
069 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ... 9,359 9,359 
070 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........... 887 887 
071 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING .................................................................................. .... 29,448 29,448 
072 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ............................................ 91,479 91,479 073 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS .............................................................. 67,360 67 ,360 
074 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ........................................ 48,105 127,205 
Full ship shock trials for CVN–78 .............................................................................................. ... [79,100 ] 
075 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................................................................... .... 20,089 20,089 
076 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) .............................. 18,969 18,969 077 0604279N ASE SELF-PROTECTION OPTIMIZATION .................................................................................. .... 7,874 7,874 
078 0604292N MH-XX ............................................................................................................. ............................... 5,298 5,298 
079 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 46,486 75,486 
LX(R) Acceleration ............................................................................................................. ........ [29,000 ] 
080 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE (JCREW) .......................... 3,817 3,817 081 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .......................................................... 9,595 9,595 082 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT .............. 29,581 25,246 
Maritime concept generation and development growth .................................................................. [–4,335 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6502 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
083 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT .............................................. 285,849 285,849 
084 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH.36,656 36,656 
085 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ....................................................................................... ..... 9,835 9,835 
086 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ............................................................................ 580 580 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................. 5,024,626 5,129,591 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
087 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... ............. 21,708 21,708 
088 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 11,101 11,101 
089 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ .............. 39,878 39,878 
090 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ............ 53,059 53,059 
091 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 21,358 21,35 8 
092 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... ..... 4,515 4,515 
093 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ......... 1,514 1,514 
094 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ............ 5,875 5,875 
095 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... .......... 81,553 81,553 
096 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. ................. 272,149 272,149 
097 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ......................... 27,235 27,235 
098 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... ............. 35,763 35,763 
099 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. .................................. 87,918 87,918 
100 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ...... 12,679 12,679 
101 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. .................................. 56,921 56,921 
102 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... .. 23,685 23,685 
103 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ....... 507,093 507,093 
104 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ........ 411,767 411,767 
105 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ............................................................... 25,071 25,071 
106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ........................................................... 443,433 433, 433 
Aegis development support growth ............................................................................................... [–10,000 ] 
107 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ...... 747 747 
108 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ........... 97,002 97,002 
109 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... ..... 129,649 129,649 
110 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ....................... 11,647 11,647 
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) FOR AVIATION ... 2,778 2,778 112 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ........................ 23,695 23,695 113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) SYS-
TEM.134,708 484,708 
Competitive air vehicle risk reduction activities ............................................................................ [3 00,000 ] 
Government and industry source selection preparation ................................................................. [50,000 ] 
114 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... ..... 43,914 43,914 
115 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. .... 109,908 109,908 
116 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... .......................... 57,928 57,928 
117 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ .......... 120,217 120,217 
118 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ................................................................. 241,75 4 241,754 
119 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ........................ 122,556 122,556 
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ................................................................................. 48,213 60,213 
Accelerate submarine combat and weapon system modernization ................................................... [12,000 ] 
121 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... ..... 49,712 49,712 
122 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................. . 4,096 4,096 
123 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... ....... 167,719 167,719 
124 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. .................. 15,122 15,122 
125 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 33,738 33,738 
126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 8,123 8,12 3 
127 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS .................................................. 7,686 7,686 128 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ...... 405 405 
129 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ... 153,836 153,836 
130 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. ... 99,619 99,619 
131 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) .......................................................................... . 116,798 116,798 
132 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ............ 4,353 4,353 
133 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... .............. 9,443 9,443 
134 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ................. 32,469 32,469 
135 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ......... 537,901 537,901 
136 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ......... 504,736 504,736 
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS ................................... 59,265 20,800 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. .......... [–38,465 ] 
138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY .................................................... 47,579 21,244 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. .......... [–26,335 ] 
139 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 5,91 4 5,914 
140 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 89,7 11 89,711 
141 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ........................... 632,092 632,092 
142 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... .......... 7,778 7,778 
143 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ...... 25,898 25,898 
144 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ............................................................................ 2 47,929 247,929 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6503 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
145 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................... 103,199 103,199 
146 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ....................................................................................... ..... 998 998 
147 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....... 17,785 17,785 
148 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ...................................................................................... ....... 35,905 35,905 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ....................................................... 6,308,800 6,596,000 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
149 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... .... 30,769 30,769 
150 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ....... 112,606 112,606 
151 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............... 61,234 61,234 
152 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................... 6,995 6,995 153 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ................................................................................. . 4,011 4,011 
154 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... .......... 48,563 48,563 
155 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ............ 5,000 5,000 
157 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ...... 925 925 
158 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ......................................................... 78,143 78,14 3 
159 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ......... 3,258 3,258 
160 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ................................................................... 76,948 7 6,948 
161 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... ..... 132,122 132,122 
162 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ........ 351,912 351,912 
163 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ................................................................. 17,985 17,985 
164 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ....................................................... 5,316 5,316 165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ...................................................................... 6,519  6,519 
166 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ................................................................................. 13,649 13,649 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 955,955 955,955 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
174 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ......................................................................... 107 ,039 107,039 
175 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. . 46,506 46,506 
176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... 3,900 4 ,700 
Accelerate combat rapid attack weapon ........................................................................................ [8 00 ] 
177 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... ..... 16,569 16,569 
178 0203761N RAPID TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION (RTT) ................................................................................. .... 18,632 11,132 
TIPS program growth ............................................................................................................ ...... [–7,500 ] 
179 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ...................... 133,265 133,265 
181 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................... 62,867 51,067 
Joint aerial layer network growth .............................................................................................. .. [–11,800 ] 
182 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... .................... 36,045 36,045 
183 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ......................................... 25,228 25,228 184 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... .... 54,218 54,218 
185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) .......................................... 11,335 11,335 186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ......................................................................... 80 ,129 65,629 
Block II test assets early to need ............................................................................................. ..... [–14,500 ] 
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 39,087 39 ,087 
188 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ......... 1,915 1,915 
189 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ................................................................... 46,609  46,609 
190 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ................. 52,708 34,708 
AARGM extended range program growth ..................................................................................... [–18,00 0 ] 
191 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... .................. 149,997 149,997 
192 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ......................................................................... 24,4 60 24,460 
193 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... .......................... 42,206 47,706 
Accelerate torpedo upgrades .................................................................................................... .... [5,500 ] 
194 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. .............. 117,759 117,759 
195 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .................................................................................
101,323 101,323 
196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................. 67 ,763 67,763 
197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) .............................................. 13,431 13,431 198 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS .............................................. 56,769 56,769 199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ............................................................................. 2 0,729 20,729 
200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) .................................................. 13,152 13,152 201 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ .......... 48,535 48,535 
202 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .................. 76,016 76,016 
203 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................... 32,172 32,172 208 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. .... 53,239 53,239 
209 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ....................................... 21,677 21,677 210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................... 28, 102 28,102 
211 0303150M WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................... 294 294 213 0305160N NAVY METEOROLOGICAL AND OCEAN SENSORS-SPACE (METOC) ............................................. 599 599 214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 6,207 6, 207 
215 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. .. 8,550 8,550 
216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................. 41,831 41,831 
217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................ 1,105 1,1 05 
218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................ 33,149 33 ,149 
219 0305220N RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... .............................. 227,188 227,188 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6504 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
220 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................. 52,770 52,770 
221 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................. 635 635 
222 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... .............................. 688 688 
223 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ .... 4,647 4,647 
224 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ................................ 6,435 6,435 
225 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 49,1 45 49,145 
226 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ............................................................... 9,246 9 ,246 
227 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .................. 150,854 150,854 
228 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... ... 4,757 4,757 
229 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........... 24,185 24,185 
231 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... .... 4,321 4,321 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 1,252,185 1,252,185 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 3,482,173 3,436,673 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .................................................. 17,885,916 18,344,181 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........... 329,721 374,721 
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .. [45,000 ] 
002 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ....... 141,754 141,754 
003 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ............................................................................ 13,778 13,778 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH .................................................................................................... 485,253 530,253 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602102F MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 125,234 125,234 
005 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................... .... 123,438 123,438 
006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................ 10 0,530 100,530 
007 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION .............................................................................................. ............... 182,326 182,326 
008 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................. ................... 147,291 147,291 
009 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ................... 116,122 116,122 
010 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ ............. 99,851 99,851 
011 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ....... 115,604 115,604 
012 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ................................................................. 164,909 164,909 
013 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................................................................................ .......... 42,037 42,037 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................................ 1,217,342 1,217,342 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
014 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................................................................ 37,66 5 47,665 
Metals Affordability Initiative ................................................................................................ ..... [10,000 ] 
015 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ...................................................................... 18,3 78 18,378 
016 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ........................................................................................ ........ 42,183 42,183 
017 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ..................................................................................... ... 100,733 100,733 
018 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 168,821 16 8,821 
019 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .... 47,032 47,032 
020 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... .. 54,897 54,897 
021 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) ............................................................................. 12,853 12,853 
022 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................ 25,448 25,448 023 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 48,536 48,536 
024 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... .... 30,195 30,195 
025 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................... 42, 630 52,630 
Maturation of advanced manufacturing for low-cost sustainment ................................................. [10,000 ] 
026 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ....................................... 46,414 46,414 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 675,785 695,785 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
027 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 5 ,032 5,032 
029 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... .......... 4,070 4,070 
030 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. .. 21,790 21,790 
031 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ... 4,736 4,736 
033 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................................ 30,771 30,771 
034 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ................................................................. 39,765 39,765 
036 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE ................................................................................................. ................... 1,246,228 786,228 
Delayed EMD contract award ..................................................................................................... [–460,000 ] 
037 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ............................................................................................... ............... 3,512 8,512 
Technology transfer program increase .......................................................................................... [ 5,000 ] 
038 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM .......................... 54,637 54,637 040 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON .......................................................................................... ......... 76,108 56,108 
Unjustified increase and analysis of alternatives .......................................................................... [–20 ,000 ] 
044 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................... ..... 6,457 19,957 
SSA, Weather, or Launch Activities ............................................................................................. [13,500 ] 
045 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ........................................................................................... ............ 246,514 246,514 
046 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT .................................................................................. .. 75,166 75,166 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6505 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
049 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ..................................................................................... ...... 8,830 8,830 
050 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ............................................................... 14,939 1 4,939 
051 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) .................................... 142,288 142,288 052 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. 81,732 96 ,732 
Increase USCC Cyber Operations Technology Development ........................................................... [15,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................. 2,062,575 1,616,075 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
055 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... .. 929 929 
056 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ................................................................................. . 60,256 60,256 
057 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ........ 5,973 5,973 
058 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ..................................................................................... .... 32,624 32,624 
059 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............... 24,208 24,208 
060 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ... 32,374 32,374 
061 0604426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... .......................... 243,909 243,909 
062 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ........................................................................................ ......... 8,358 8,358 
063 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ................................................................ 292,23 5 292,235 
064 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... . 40,154 40,154 
065 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ...................................................................................................... ........................ 2,506 2,506 
066 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ............... 57,678 57,678 
067 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ................. 8,187 8,187 
068 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................ ............. 15,795 15,795 
069 0604800F F–35—EMD .......................................................................................................... ............................ 589,441 589,441 
071 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ...................................... 84,438 184,438 
EELV Program—Rocket Propulsion System Development .............................................................. [100,000 ] 
072 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ........................................................................................ ....... 36,643 36,643 
073 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... ............ 142,551 142,551 
074 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B ................................................................................. ..... 140,640 140,640 
075 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 3,598 3, 598 
076 0605221F KC–46 ............................................................................................................. .................................. 602,364 402,364 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–200,000 ] 
077 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ........................................................................................... ............. 11,395 11,395 
078 0605229F CSAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ....................................................................................... ........... 156,085 156,085 
080 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ..... 228,230 228,230 
081 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... ............. 72,084 72,084 
082 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ..... 56,343 52,343 
Excess to need ................................................................................................................. ............ [–4,000 ] 
083 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E ................................................................................. ........ 47,629 47,629 
084 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... .... 271,961 271,961 
085 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ... 212,121 212,121 
086 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ............................ 186,481 186,481 
087 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ........ 18,082 18,082 
088 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... ... 993 993 
089 0307581F NEXTGEN JSTARS .................................................................................................... ....................... 44,343 44,343 
091 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ........................................................................ 102 ,620 102,620 
092 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............ 14,563 14,563 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ....................................................... 3,847,791 3,743,791 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
093 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... .... 23,844 23,844 
094 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............... 68,302 73,302 
Airborne Sensor Data Correlation Project ..................................................................................... [5 ,000 ] 
095 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................
............... 34,918 34,918 
097 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ............................................................................. 10,476 10,476 
098 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ........ 673,908 673,908 
099 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) .......................................................................... 21, 858 21,858 
100 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... .............. 28,228 28,228 
101 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .......... 40,518 40,518 102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ................................................ 27,895 27,895 103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ........................................................................... 16, 507 16,507 
104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. 18,997 18,997 
106 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ...................................................... 185,305 180 ,305 
Excess to need ................................................................................................................. ............ [–5,000 ] 
107 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. ... 4,841 4,841 
108 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................... 1 5,357 15,357 
109 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............... 1,315 1,315 
111 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... .............. 2,315 2,315 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 1,174,584 1,174,584 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
112 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ................................. 350,232 350,232 113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING .................................................................. 10,465 10,465 
114 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ .............. 24,577 24,577 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6506 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
117 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ........................................................ 69,694 29, 694 
Forward financing, excluding funding for audit readiness ............................................................ [–40,000 ] 
118 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY .................................................................... 26,718 26,718 
119 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ................. 10,807 10,807 
121 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 74,520 74,520 
122 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ ..... 451 451 
123 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ...................... 2,245 2,245 
124 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 108,183 108,183 
125 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... .............. 178,929 178,929 
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM ......................................................................... 28,48 1 28,481 
127 0101314F NIGHT FIST—USSTRATCOM ............................................................................................. .............. 87 87 
128 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................... 5,315 5 ,315 
131 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 8,090 8,0 90 
132 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................. 123,439 123,439 
134 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 16,200 
A–10 restoration: operational flight program development ............................................................. [16,200 ] 
135 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 148,297 198,297 
AESA Radar Integration ......................................................................................................... .... [50,000 ] 
136 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ...................... 179,283 192,079 
Transfer from procurement ...................................................................................................... .... [12,796 ] 
137 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... .... 14,860 14,860 
138 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ...................... 262,552 262,552 
139 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 115,395 53,921 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. .......... [–61,474 ] 
140 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .................. 43,360 43,360 
141 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................... 46,160 46,160 143 0207224F COMBAT RESCUE AND RECOVERY ........................................................................................ ....... 412 412 
144 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ........ 657 657 
145 0207247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ............................ 31,428 31,428 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ........................................................................... 1,1 05 1,105 
147 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ........................ 14,249 14,249 
148 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...................................................... 103,942 103,942  
149 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ................................................................ 12,79 3 12,793 
150 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... .... 21,193 21,193 
151 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ................................................................................ .. 559 559 
152 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) .............................................................. 161,812 1 61,812 
153 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................. .. 6,001 6,001 
155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ..................................................................... 7,79 3 7,793 
156 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... ..... 12,465 12,465 
157 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ............... 1,681 1,681 
159 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................... 16,796 16,796 
161 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ........................... 21,564 21,564 
162 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... ....... 24,994 24,994 
163 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS .................................................................................. . 6,035 6,035 
164 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ ... 4,358 4,358 
165 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ............. 55,835 55,835 
167 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ . 12,874 12,874 
168 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ . 7,681 7,681 
171 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) .................................................................. 5,974 5,974 
177 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... ....... 13,815 13,815 
178 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ......................................................... 80,360 80, 360 
179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ..................................................................... 3,90 7 3,907 
180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................... 75,062 75,062 181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................... 46, 599 46,599 
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE .................................................................... 2,470 2 ,470 
186 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ............ 112,775 112,775 
189 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ............................................................................ 4, 235 4,235 
192 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. ... 7,879 7,879 
193 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ..................... 29,955 29,955 
194 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) .................................... 21,485 21,485 195 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ....................... 2,515 2,515 
198 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. .. 472 472 
199 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ....................................................................................... ...... 12,137 12,137 
200 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................... 361 361  
203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................... 3,162 3 ,162 
204 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................... 1,543 1,543 205 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ .... 7,860 7,860 
206 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ........ 6,902 6,902 
207 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ........................... 34,471 34,471 
209 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ... 50,154 60,154 
Wide Area Surveillance Capability .............................................................................................. . [10,000 ] 
210 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... .... 13,245 13,245 
211 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................ 22,784 22 ,784 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6507 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
212 0305219F MQ–1 PREDATOR A UAV ............................................................................................... ................. 716 716 
213 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... .............................. 208,053 203,053 
Program delays ................................................................................................................. .......... [–5,000 ] 
214 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING .................................................................... 21,587 21,587 
215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .................................................................... 43,98 6 43,986 
216 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ............................. 197,486 138,400 
Transfer to Procurement for NATO AWACS ................................................................................. [–59,086  ] 
217 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ .......... 28,434 28,434 
218 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ................... 180,902 180,902 
220 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .................. 81,911 81,911 
221 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... .............. 3,149 3,149 
222 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ....... 14,447 14,447 
223 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ............................................................................. 2 0,077 20,077 
225 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ .......... 853 853 
226 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ................. 33,962 33,962 
227 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............... 42,864 37,864 
Forward financing .............................................................................................................. ........ [–5,000 ] 
228 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ........................ 54,807 54,807 
229 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ........................ 31,010 31,010 
230 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ................................................................. 6,802 6 ,802 
231 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ................................. 1,799 1,799 
232 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ......... 48,453 48,453 
233 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. .................................. 36,576 36,576 
235 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. ...... 7,963 7,963 
236 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........... 1,525 1,525 
237 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ...................................................................... 112, 676 80,576 
Program growth ................................................................................................................. ......... [–32,100 ] 
238 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ...... 12,657 12,657 
239 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ................ 1,836 1,836 
240 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ........... 121 121 
241 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... .... 5,911 5,911 
242 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... ..... 3,604 3,604 
243 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ........... 4,598 4,598 
244 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ............................................................................. 1,103 1,103 
246 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................... 101,840 101,840 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 12,780,142 12,780,142 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 17,010,339 16,896,675 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ...................................................... 26,473,669 25,874,505 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ................................................................................... ......... 38,436 38,436 
002 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........... 333,119 333,119 
003 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................................................................................... ............... 42,022 42,022 
004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ................................................................. 56,544 56,544 
005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM .............................................................................. . 49,453 54,453 
STEM program increase .......................................................................................................... .... [5,000 ] 
006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ................... 25,834 35,834 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ......... [10,000 ] 
007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ..................................................................... 46,26 1 46,261 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH .................................................................................................... 591,669 606,669 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
008 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ........... 19,352 19,352 
009 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............. 114,262 114,262 
010 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ........................................................................... 51 ,026 51,026 
011 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ......................................... 48,226 48,226 012 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 356,358 356,358 
014 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ........................................................................................ ........ 29,265 29,265 
015 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ..................................................................... 208,1 11 208,111 
016 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ............... 13,727 13,727 
018 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ................ 314,582 309,582 
Multi-azimuth defense fast intercept round engagement system ..................................................... [–5,000 ] 
019 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 22 0,115 201,721 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–18,394 ] 
020 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ............ 174,798 174,798 
021 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES ..................................................... 155,415 155,4 15 
022 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................. 8,824 8,824 023 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ....... 37,517 37,517 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................................ 1,751,578 1,728,184 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6508 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
024 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 25,915 25,915 
026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ..................................................................... 71,17 1 111,171 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ......... [40,000 ] 
027 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ..................................................................................... .......... 21,782 21,782 
028 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION AND DEFEAT ......... 290,654 290,654 030 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ......................................................... 12,139 12,139  
031 0603177C DISCRIMINATION SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. .. 28,200 28,200 
032 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............... 45,389 7,367 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ............................................................................. [–26,05 5 ] 
Move to support Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ............................................................................... [–11 ,967 ] 
033 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR .................................................................................................... ....................... 9,876 9,876 
034 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH ................................................................................................. ................. 17,364 17,364 
035 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................... 18,802 18,802  
036 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER CAPABILITY ................. 2,679 2,679 037 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... 64,708 51,458 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ......... [–13,250 ] 
038 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ........ 185,043 185,043 
039 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... .... 126,692 126,692 
040 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................ .................. 14,645 14,645 
041 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS .................................................................. 59,83 0 49,830 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–10,000 ] 
042 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ... 46,753 7,195 
MOKV Concept Development ....................................................................................................... [–39,558 ] 
043 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................... 140,094 140,094 044 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH ................................................................................................... ........................ 118,666 108,666 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–10,000 ] 
045 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... 4 3,966 30,466 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–13,500 ] 
046 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ............................................................... 141,540  129,540 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–12,000 ] 
047 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ........................................................................ 6,9 80 6,980 
050 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................. 157,056 142,056 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ......... [–15,000 ] 
051 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 33,515 41, 015 
Efforts to counter-ISIL and Russian aggression ............................................................................ [7,50 0 ] 
052 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ..................................................... 16,543 16,543 053 0603713S DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY ................................................ 29,888 29,888 054 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ................................................................. 65,836 65,836 
055 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ......................................... 79,037 89,037 
Trusted Source Implementation for Field Programmable Gate Arrays Study ................................... [10,000 ] 
056 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ....................................................................................... ............ 9,626 7,126 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–2,500 ] 
057 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................. 79,021 79,021 
058 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .......................................................... 201,335 201,3 35 
059 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 452 ,861 432,861 
Excessive program growth ....................................................................................................... .... [–20,000 ] 
060 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ................. 257,127 257,127 
061 0603769SE DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................... 10,771 10,771 062 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE .................................................................................. ........ 15,202 15,202 
063 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS ................................................................................. ........ 90,500 70,500 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ......... [–20,000 
] 
066 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ ..... 18,377 18,377 
067 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 82,589 82,589 
068 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ................................................................ 37,420 37,420 
069 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ......................... 42,488 42,488 
070 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... 57,7 41 57,741 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 3,229,821 3,093,491 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
071 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ................. 31,710 31,710 073 0603600D8Z WALKOFF ......................................................................................................... .............................. 90,567 90,567 
074 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM ........................................................................... 1 5,900 15,900 
075 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ...................................... 52,758 52,758 076 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT .................................................. 228,021 228,02 1 
077 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................ 1,284,891 1,284 ,891 
077A 0603XXXX MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ..................................................................................... .......... 81,525 
Divert attitude control systems technology to support Multi-Object Kill Vehicle ............................. [10,000 ] 
Establish MOKV Program of Record ............................................................................................ [71 ,525 ] 
078 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL .................................................. 172,754 172,754 079 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ................................................................................. ...... 233,588 233,588 
080 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............. 409,088 409,088 
080A 0603XXXC WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY—HIGH POWER DE ................................................................................ 2 6,055 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ............................................................................. [26,055  ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6509 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
081 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA .............................................................................................. ............. 400,387 400,387 
082 0603892C AEGIS BMD ......................................................................................................... ............................ 843,355 843,355 
083 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................. 31,632 31,632 
084 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ........................................................ 23,289 23,2 89 
085 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
COMMUNICATI.450,085 437,785 
Future Spirals concurrency with multiple ongoing efforts and excess growth ................................. [–12,300 ] 
086 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................... 49,570 49,570  
087 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ......................................... 49,211 49,211 088 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH .................................................................................................. ................... 9,583 9,583 
089 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ...................................................................................... .......... 72,866 72,866 
090 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ....... 102,795 0 
Realign Israeli Cooperative Programs to Overseas Contingency Operations .................................... [–102,795 ] 
091 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST .................................................................................... ......... 274,323 274,323 
092 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ................................................................................. ..... 513,256 513,256 
093 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ........................................................................................... ............... 10,129 10,129 
094 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ............................................................................................... .................... 10,350 10,350 
095 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ................................................................... 1,518 11,518 
Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ......... [10,000 ] 
096 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................. .. 96,300 96,300 
097 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ ... 469,798 469,798 
098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVEL-
OPMENT.3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESS-
MENTS.25,200 25,200 
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) .......................................................................... 13 7,564 137,564 
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ..................................................................... 278,944  298,944 
Redesigned kill vehicle development ............................................................................................ . [20,000 ] 
107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ......................................... 26,225 26,225 108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... ....................... 55,148 55,148 
109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................. .. 86,764 86,764 
110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ................ 34,970 34,970 
111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... .. 172,645 172,645 
112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST ....................................................... 64,618 64,6 18 
114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ........................................................ 2,660 2,66 0 
115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... .............. 963 963 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES .............................. 6,816,554 6,839,039 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD ...................... 8,800 8,800 117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 78,817 88 ,817 
Concept development by the Army of a CPGS option ..................................................................... [5,000 ] 
Concept development by the Navy of a CPGS option ..................................................................... [5,000 ] 
118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD .......................................................... 303,647 303, 647 
119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) .................................................. 23,424 23,42 4 
120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) ............................................. 14,285 14,285  
121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES ....................................................... 7,156 7,156  
122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 12, 542 12,542 
123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................... 19 1 191 
124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ...... 3,273 3,273 
125 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ....... 5,962 5,962 
126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ........................................ 13,412 13,412 127 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... .......... 2,223 2,223 
128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ....................................................... 31,660 31,6 60 
129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ........................................................ 13,085 13,0 85 
130 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES .................................................... 7,209 7,209 131 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ..... 15,158 13,794 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............ [–1,364 ] 
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ............................................ 4,414 4,414 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .................................................. 545,258 553,894 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ..................................................................... 5, 581 5,581 
134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 3,0 81 3,081 
135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ................................ 229,125 229,125 136 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... .......... 28,674 21,674 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–7,000 ] 
138 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ....................................................... 45,235 4 5,235 
139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ......................................................................... 24,936 24,936 
141 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) ............................. 35,471 35,471 144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ................... 37,655 37,655 
145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ ..... 3,015 3,015 
146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... .... 5,287 5,287 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6510 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION .................................................... 5,289 5,289 
148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ........................................................................... .. 2,120 2,120 
149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ..................................................................... 102,2 64 102,264 
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANS-
FER.2,169 2,169 
159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... .......... 13,960 13,960 
160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ................................................................ 51,775  51,775 
161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ...................................... 9,533 9,533 162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. .... 17,371 21,371 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ......... [4,000 ] 
163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .............. 71,571 71,571 
164 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. ..... 4,123 4,123 
165 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ................................................................ 1,9 46 1,946 
166 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ....... 7,673 7,673 
169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES .................................................. 10,413 10,413  
170 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) .................................................. 971 971 171 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE .............................................................................................. .................... 6,579 6,579 
173 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ............... 43,811 43,811 174 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. .............. 35,871 35,871 
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT - IT ............................................................................. .... 1,072 1,072 
177A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 49,500 49,500 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 856,071 853,071 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
178 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. ....... 7,929 7,929 
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMA-
TION MANA.1,750 1,750 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) .............. 294 294 
181 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ..................................................... 22,576 22,5 76 
182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 1,901 1,901 183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G- 
TSCMIS).8,474 8,474 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ................ 33,561 33,561 
186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................... 3,061 3,061 
187 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. .................. 64,921 64,921 
189 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ................................................................... 3,645  3,645 
193 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ........................................................ 963 963 194 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ...................................... 10,186 10,186 195 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... .... 36,883 36,883 
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................... 13,735 13,735 197 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... ....... 6,101 6,101 
198 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ............................................................................. 43 ,867 43,867 
199 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................... 8 ,957 8,957 
200 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................... 146 ,890 146,890 
201 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................................... 21 ,503 21,503 
202 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... ..... 20,342 20,342 
203 0303170K NET-CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ............................................................................ .. 444 444 
205 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. .................. 1,736 1,736 
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES ........................................................................... 65,060 65,060 
210 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... .............. 2,976 2,976 
215 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. .................. 4,182 4,182 
216 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ......................... 18,130 18,130 
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................ 5,302 5, 302 
221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................ 3,239 3,2 39 
225 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ....................... 11,733 11,733 
226 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM ....................................................... 2,119 2,119 234 0708011S INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ........................................................................................... ............ 24,605 24,605 
235 0708012S LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ........... 1,770 1,770 
236 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJCS ................................................................................................ .............. 2,978 2,978 
237 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... .............................. 18,151 23,151 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle .................. [5,000 ] 
238 1105232BB RQ–11 UAV ........................................................................................................ .............................. 758 758 
240 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ...................... 173,934 189,134 
MC–130 Terrain Following/Terrain Avoidance Radar Program ...................................................... [15,200 ] 
241 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. ... 6,866 6,866 
242 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... .......... 63,008 63,008 
243 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ..................... 25,342 25,342 
244 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ..................... 3,401 3,401 
245 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ .................. 3,212 3,212 
246 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ..................... 63,597 63,597 
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. .. 3,933 3,933 
248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ......................................................................... 10, 623 10,623 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 3,564,272 3,564,272 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6511 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 4,538,910 4,559,110 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
249 XXXXXXX DEFENSE WIDE CYBER VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT .............................................................. 200,000 
Assess all major weapon systems for cyber vulnerability ................................................................ [200,000  ] 
251 XXXXXXX TECHNOLOGY OFFSET INITIATIVE ....................................................................................... ....... 400,000 
Supports innovative technology development ................................................................................ [400, 000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................... 600,000 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ..................................................... 18,329,861 18,833,458 
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
001 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. ..... 76,838 76,838 
002 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... ........... 46,882 46,882 
003 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ....................................................................... 4 6,838 46,838 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ................................................................. 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL RDT&E ....................................................................................................................... 69,784,963 70,344,349 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. ..... 1,500 1,500 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 1,500 1,500 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ................................................... 1,500 1,500 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ...................... 35,747 35,747 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 35,747 35,747 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ................................................... 35,747 35,747 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
133 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE .......................................................................... 30 0 300 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ...................... 16,800 16,800 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 17,100 17,100 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ........................................................ 17,100 17,100 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES .....................................................
090 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ......... 267,595 
Arrow 3 ........................................................................................................................ ................ [19,500 ] 
Arrow System Improvement Program ............................................................................................. [4 5,500 ] 
David’s Sling .................................................................................................................. .............. [99,800 ] 
Realign Israeli Cooperative Programs to Overseas Contingency Operations ...................................... [102,795 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ............................ 267,595 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ...................... 137,087 137,087 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 137,087 137,087 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ....................................................... 137,087 404,682 
TOTAL RDT&E ........................................................................................................................ 191,434 459,029 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.036 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6512 September 29, 2015 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 1,094,429 1,594,429 
Force Readiness Restoration—Operations Tempo ................................................................................... ......... [500,000 ] 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 68,873 68,873 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .............. 1,214,116 1,291,316 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [77,200 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 7,616,008 7,626,508 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [10,500 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 2,617, 169 2,789,369 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [172,200 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 4 21,269 421,269 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ... 164,743 164,743 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .................................................................................. 448,633 448,633 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 13,645,240 14,405,140 
MOBILIZATION 
180 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ............................ 401,638 401,638 
200 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ...................... 6,532 6,532 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 408,170 408,170 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
210 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 131,536 131,536 
220 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................... 47,843 47,843 
230 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. ....................... 42,565 42,565 
240 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ......... 490,378 490,378 
250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 981,000 989,200 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [33,200 ] 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ...................... [–25,000 ] 
260 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ................................ 940,872 940,872 
270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ........ 230,324 230,324 
280 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 603,519 603,519 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 491,922 491,922 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 194,079 194,079 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 227,951 227,951 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ................ 161,048 161,048 
330 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... .......... 170,118 170,118 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 4,713,155 4,721,355 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
360 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ...................... 813,881 813,881 
370 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ..................... 714,781 703,781 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ...................... [–11,000 ] 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .................... 322,127 322,127 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 384,813 384,813 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 1,781,350 1,781,350 
410 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 292,532 292,532 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 375,122 375,122 
430 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 1,119,848 1,115,348 
Spirit of America program growth ............................................................................................... ................... [–4,500 ] 
440 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... ......................... 225,358 225,358 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 239,755 239,755 
460 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................................................... ... 223,319 223,319 
470 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ ....... 469,865 469,865 
480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. ................. 40,521 40,521 
530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 1,120,974 1,140,974 
Additional SOUTHCOM ISR and intel support ...................................................................................... ......... [20,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................. 8,124,246 8,128,746 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
540 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –847,900 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–86,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .................... [–431,000 ] 
Streamlining of Army Management Headquarters ................................................................................... ........ [–180,900 ] 
Working Capital Fund carryover above allowable ceiling ......................................................................... ....... [–150,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –847,900 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................................................................................ 26,890,811 26,815,511 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6513 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 16,612 16,612 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 486,531 486,531 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 105,446 105,446 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 516,791 516,791 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 87,587 87,587 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 348,601 348,601 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ................ 81,350 81,350 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .............. 59,574 91,974 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [32,400 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 570,852 557,852 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ...................... [–13,000 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 245,68 6 259,286 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [13,600 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 4 0,962 40,962 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 2,559,992 2,592,992 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 10,665 10,665 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 18,390 18,390 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 14,976 14,976 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 8,841 8,841 
170 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 52,928 52,928 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 105,800 105,800 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
190 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –12,600 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–8,000 ] 
Streamlining of Army Reserve Management Headquarters ........................................................................... .... [–4,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –12,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................ 2,665,792 2,686,192 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 709,433 1,094,533 
Increased Operations Tempo to Meet Readiness Objectives ........................................................................ ...... [385,100 ] 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 167,324 167,324 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 741,327 741,327 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 88,775 96,475 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... ................ [7,700 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 32,130 32,130 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 943,609 996,209 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... ................ [13,000 ] 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [39,600 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 703,137 703,137 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ................ 84,066 84,066 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .............. 166,848 189,348 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [22,500 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 1,022,970 998,970 
Justification does not match summary of price and program changes .............................................................. . [–14,000 ] 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........................... [–10,000 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 673,68 0 708,880 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [35,200 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 9 54,574 954,574 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 6,287,873 6,766,973 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 6,570 6,570 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 59,629 59,729 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase .............................................................................. ......... [1,000 ] 
NGB Heritage Painting Program .................................................................................................. .................. [–900 ] 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 68,452 68,452 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 8,841 8,841 
170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 283,670 272,170 
Army Marketing Program unjustified program growth .............................................................................. ...... [–11,500 ] 
180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 2,942 2,942 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 430,104 418,704 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
200 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –46,200 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–26,000 ] 
Streamlining of Army National Guard Management Headquarters ................................................................... [ –20,200 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6514 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –46,200 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ........................................................................................ 6,717,977 7,139,477 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. . 37,225 37,225 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................... 376,844 390,744 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—AV–8B Program Related Logistics ................................................................. [4,000 ] 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—CH–53 Program Related Logisitics ................................................................ . [1,900 ] 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—MV–22 Program Related Logisitics ................................................................ [1,200 ] 
MV–22 Fleet Engineering Support Unfunded Requirement ........................................................................... .... [6,800 ] 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. .................. 897,536 912,536 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................ [15,000 ] 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 544,056 549,356 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—MV–22 Aviation Logisitics ....................................................................... ..... [5,300 ] 
140 ELECTRONIC WARFARE ......................................................................................................... .......................... 96,916 96,916 
150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ............... 192,198 192,198 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 453,942 453,942 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................. 35 1,871 351,871 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 1,186,847 1,171,847 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ...................... [–15,000 ] 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 123,948 123,948 
200 DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ................................................................................................... .................... 2,443 2,443 
210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ... 98,914 98,914 
220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .............................................................................. 73 ,110 73,110 
230 CRUISE MISSILE ............................................................................................................. .................................. 110,734 110,734 
240 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... .......................... 1,206,736 1,206,736 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ........... 141,664 141,664 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 523,122 535,122 
Ship Self-Defense Systems Maintenance Backlog Reduction ........................................................................ .... [12,000 ] 
270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ............... 371,872 371,872 
280 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ....................... 896,061 896,061 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 2,220,423 2,245,723 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [25,300 ] 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 4,472,468 4,472,468 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 14,378,930 14,435,430 
MOBILIZATION 
310 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. .................. 422,846 422,846 
320 AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................................... ............. 6,464 6,964 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—F–18 Aircraft Activations/Inactivations ......................................................... [500 ] 
330 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. .................. 361,764 361,764 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....... 69,530 69,530 
350 INDUSTRIAL READINESS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 2,237 2,237 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ......................... 21,823 21,823 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 884,664 885,164 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
370 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 149,375 149,375 
380 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................... 9,035 9,035 
390 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ............... 156,290 156,290 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 653,728 653,728 
410 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ................................ 8,171 8,171 
420 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ........ 168,471 162,471 
Civilian Institutions Graduate Education Program ............................................................................... .......... [–6,000 ] 
430 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 196,048 196,048 
440 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 234,233 235,233 
Naval Sea Cadet Corps .......................................................................................................... ........................ [1,000 ] 
450 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 137,855 137,855 
460 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ................ 77,257 77,257 
470 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .................................... 47,653 47,653 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 1,838,116 1,833,116 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 923,771 923,771 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 13,967 13,967 
500 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................... 12 0,812 120,812 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................. 350, 983 346,983 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........................... [–4,000 ] 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 265,948 260,948 
Navy Fleet Band National Tour .................................................................................................. ................... [–5,000 ] 
530 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 335,482 335,482 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6515 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 197,724 197,724 
570 PLANNING, ENGINEERING AND DESIGN ........................................................................................... ............... 274,936 274,936 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 1,122,178 1,122,178 
590 HULL, MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ..... 48,587 48,587 
600 COMBAT/WEAPONS SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 25,599 25,599 
610 SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ........ 72,768 72,768 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ .................... 577,803 577,803 
680 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND AGENCIES .................................................................................... .... 4,768 4,768 
710 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 560,754 560,754 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 4,896,080 4,887,080 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
720 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –856,200 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–610,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .................... [–87,000 ] 
Streamlining of Navy Management Headquarters ................................................................................... ......... [–159,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –856,200 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ........................................................................................ 21,997,790 21,184,590 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 227,583 227,583 
040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ...................... 86,259 86,259 
050 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... ... 746,237 775,037 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [28,800 ] 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 2,057,362 2,057,362 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 3,117,441 3,146,241 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
070 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................... 16,460 16,460 
080 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 977 977 
090 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 97,325 97,325 
100 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ........ 40,786 40,786 
120 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 164,806 164,806 
130 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 39,963 39,963 
140 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .................................... 23,397 23,397 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 383,714 383,714 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 37,386 37,386 
160 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 358,395 351,695 
Unjustified Growth Marine Corps Heritage Center ................................................................................ .......... [–6,700 ] 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 76,105 76,105 
200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 45,429 45,429 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 517,315 510,615 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
210 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –87,700 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–25,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .................... [–28,000 ] 
Streamlining of Marine Corps Management Headquarters ........................................................................... .... [–24,700 ] 
Working Capital Fund carryover above allowable ceiling ......................................................................... ....... [–10,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –87,700 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ....................................................................... 4,018,470 3,952,870 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ........... 563,722 563,722 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ................... 6,218 6,218 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. .................. 82,712 82,712 
040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........... 326 326 
050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 13,436 13,436 
070 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ............. 557 557 
090 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 14,499 14,499 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 117,601 117,601 
120 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ....................... 29,382 29,382 
130 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 48,513 49,213 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [700 ] 
140 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 102,858 102,858 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 979,824 980,524 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6516 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 1,505 1,505 
160 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................. 13,7 82 13,782 
170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 3,437 3,437 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 3,210 3,210 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 21,934 21,934 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
210 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –42,100 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–41,000 ] 
Streamlining of Navy Reserve Management Headquarters ........................................................................... .... [–1,100 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –42,100 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ................................................................................ 1,001,758 960,358 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ............................. 97,631 97,631 
020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 18,254 18,254 
030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 28,653 30,053 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [1,400 ] 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 111,923 111,923 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 256,461 257,861 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
050 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 924 924 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 10,866 10,866 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 8,785 8,785 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 20,575 20,575 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
080 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –2,100 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–1,000 ] 
Streamlining of Marine Corps Reserve Management Headquarters ................................................................... [–1,100 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –2,100 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ........................................................................... 277,036 276,336 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 3,336,868 3,599,468 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration .................................................................................. ............... [235,300 ] 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ............................................................................................ ................. [27,300 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ................. 1,897,315 1,915,015 
Increase Range Use Support Unfunded Requirement ................................................................................ ....... [37,700 ] 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........................... [–20,000 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ..... 1,797,549 1,690,349 
A–10 to F–15E Training Transition .............................................................................................. ................... [–78,200 ] 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........................... [–29,000 ] 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 6,537,127 6,497,127 
Remove FY 15 contractor logistics support costs ................................................................................ .............. [–40,000 ] 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 1,997, 712 2,132,812 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [135,100 ] 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 2,841,948 2,841,948 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .............................................................................. 90 0,965 889,965 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........................... [–11,000 ] 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ... 205,078 205,078 
135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 893,272 893,272 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 20,407,834 20,665,034 
MOBILIZATION 
170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 259,95 6 259,956 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 708,799 708,799 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 968,755 968,755 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 92,191 92,191 
200 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................... 21,871 21,871 
210 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... .......... 77,527 77,527 
220 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 228,50 0 228,500 
230 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 772,870 772,870 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 359,304 379,304 
Remotely Piloted Aircraft Flight Training Acceleration ......................................................................... .......... [20,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6517 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
250 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ................................ 710,553 726,553 
Consolidation of Air Battle Manager Resources not properly documented ........................................................ [– 4,000 ] 
Unmanned Aerial Surveillance (UAS) Training .................................................................................... ........... [20,000 ] 
260 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ........ 228,252 228,252 
270 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 76,464 76,464 
280 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 375,513 375,513 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 79,690 79,690 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 3,803 3,803 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 180,807 180,807 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ................ 167,478 167,478 
330 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .................................... 59,263 59,263 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 3,434,086 3,470,086 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
350 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................... 862,022 842,022 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........................... [–20,000 ] 
360 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 61,745 61,745 
370 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 298,75 9 298,759 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 1,108,220 1,108,220 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 689,797 681,797 
DEAMS reduction-Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................... ............ [–8,000 ] 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 498,053 498,053 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................... 900,253 900,253 
420 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ................................ 25,411 27,711 
Civil Air Patrol ............................................................................................................... .............................. [2,300 ] 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 89,148 89,148 
460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 1,187,859 1,187,859 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 5,721,267 5,695,567 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
470 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –1,006,500 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–580,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .................... [–217,000 ] 
Streamlining of Air Force Management Headquarters .............................................................................. ....... [–209,500 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –1,006,500 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................... 30,531,942 29,792,942 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 1,779,378 1,781,878 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration .................................................................................. ............... [2,500 ] 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................... 226,243 220,243 
Justification does not match summary of price and program changes for civilian pay ....................................... [–6,00 0 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 487,036 487,036 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 109,34 2 109,642 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [300 ] 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 373,707 370,707 
Air Force Support Standard Correction—transfer to SAG 11G not properly accounted ...................................... [–3,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 2,975,706 2,969,506 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 53,921 53,921 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 14,359 14,359 
080 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... ..... 13,665 13,665 
090 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... ........... 6,606 6,606 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 88,551 88,551 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
110 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –107,500 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–104,000 ] 
Streamlining of Air Force Reserve Management Headquarters ...................................................................... ... [–3,500 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –107,500 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................ 3,064,257 2,950,557 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 3,526,471 3,568,671 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration .................................................................................. ............... [42,200 ] 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................... 740,779 743,379 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... ................ [2,600 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,763,859 1,763,859 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6518 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 288,78 6 307,586 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [18,800 ] 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 582,037 582,037 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 6,901,932 6,965,532 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 23,626 23,626 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 30,652 30,652 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 54,278 54,278 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
080 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –200,300 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–168,000 ] 
Streamlining of Air National Guard Management Headquarters ..................................................................... . [–2,300 ] 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........................... [–30,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –200,300 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG .......................................................................................... 6,956,210 6,819,510 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ............................ 485,888 505,888 
Middle East Assurance Initiative ............................................................................................... ..................... [20,000 ] 
020 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ............ 534,795 534,795 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................... 4 ,862,368 4,841,168 
Overestimation of civilian FTE ................................................................................................. ...................... [–21,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 5,883,051 5,881,851 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
040 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. ................. 142,659 142,659 
050 NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY ................................................................................................ .................. 78,416 78,416 
060 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................. 354,372  354,372 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 575,447 575,447 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
070 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ....................... 160,320 180,320 
STARBASE ....................................................................................................................... ............................ [20,000 ] 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............... 570,177 570,177 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... ...... 1,374,536 1,374,536 
110 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ............ 642,551 642,551 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ......... 1,282,755 1,292,755 
SHARKSEER ...................................................................................................................... .......................... [10,000 ] 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ................. 26,073 26,073 
150 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... ...................... 366,429 366,429 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ........................ 192,625 192,625 
180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ........ 115,372 115,372 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ......... 524,723 495,523 
Global Security Contingency Fund ............................................................................................... .................. [–22,200 ] 
Reduction to Combating Terrorism Fellowship .................................................................................... ............ [–7,000 ] 
200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... ...................... 508,396 508,396 
230 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................. . 33,577 33,577 
240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ............ 415,696 415,696 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ... 2,753,771 2,784,021 
Impact Aid ..................................................................................................................... ............................... [30,000 ] 
School lunches for territories ................................................................................................. ......................... [250 ] 
270 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ........................ 432,068 432,068 
290 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ............... 110,612 110,612 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ............ 1,388,285 1,393,535 
Commission to Assess the Threat to the U.S. from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack ............................................... [2, 000 ] 
OSD fleet architecture study ................................................................................................... ....................... [1,000 ] 
OUSD (Policy) unjustified growth ............................................................................................... ................... [–2,000 ] 
OUSD AT&L Congressional Mandate (BRAC Support) ................................................................................. .. [–10,500 ] 
Readiness environmental protection initiative—program increase ................................................................. .... [14,750 ] 
310 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 83,263 83 ,263 
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .......... 621,688 621,688 
330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 14,379,428 14,379,428 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 25,982,345 26,018,645 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
340 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –791,300 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–37,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .................... [–78,400 ] 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........................... [–5,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6519 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Streamlining of Department of Defense Management Headquarters .................................................................. [–670,900 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ..................................................................................................................... –791,300 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ....................................................................... 32,440,843 31,684,643 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ...................................................................... 14,0 78 14,078 
020 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID .............................................................................. .. 100,266 100,266 
030 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ............................................................................................... ............... 358,496 358,496 
040 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ........................ 84,140 84,140 
050 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ........... 234,829 234,829 
060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ............ 292,453 292,453 
070 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... ........ 368,131 368,131 
080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ......... 8,232 8,232 
090 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ........................................................................... 203 ,717 203,717 
SUBTOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ..................................................................................... 1,664,342 1,664,342 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ......................................................................................... 1,664,342 1,664,342 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 138,227,228 135,927,328 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ................................ 257,900 257,900 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ........................... 1,110,836 1,110,836 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ............... 261,943 261,943 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .................................. 22,160 22,160 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ............ 1,119,201 1,119,201 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. .................. 117,881 117,881 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ....................... 50,000 50,000 
140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ............................ 4,500,666 4,526,466 
Army expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program ......................................................................... ........ [25,800 ] 
150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ...................................................................................... ... 10,000 5,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ............................. [–5,000 ] 
160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 1,834,777 1,834,777 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .................................................................................. .. 100,000 
AFRICOM Intelligence, Surveilance, and Reconnissance ........................................................................... ....... [100,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 9,285,364 9,406,164 
MOBILIZATION 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ..................... 40,000 40,000 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ......................................................................................................................... 40,000 40,000 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ................... 529,891 529,891 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 5,033 5,033 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 100,480 100,480 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ...................... 154,350 154,350 
530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 1,267,632 1,267,632 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 2,057,386 2,057,386 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ......................................................................................... 11,382,750 11,503,550 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ....................... 2,442 2,442 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ............... 813 813 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ............ 779 779 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ....................... 20,525 20,525 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 24,559 24,559 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................. 24,559 24,559 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.038 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6520 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ................................ 1,984 1,984 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ....................... 4,671 4,671 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .................................. 15,980 15,980 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ............ 12,867 12,867 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ....................... 23,134 23,134 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... . 1,426 1,426 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 60,062 60,062 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .................. 783 783 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. 783 783 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ......................................................................................... 60,845 60,845 
AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
MINISTRY OF DEFENSE 
010 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ................................... 2,214,899 2,214,899 
030 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ................ 182,751 182,751 
040 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ........................ 281,555 281,555 
SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF DEFENSE ........................................................................................................... 2,679,205 2,679,205 
MINISTRY OF INTERIOR 
060 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ................................... 901,137 901,137 
080 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ................ 116,573 116,573 
090 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ........................ 65,342 65,342 
SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF INTERIOR .......................................................................................................... 1,083,052 1,083,052 
TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ................................................................................... 3,762,257 3,762,257 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. ....................... 715,000 715,000 
SUBTOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................ 715,000 715,000 
TOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................... 715,000 715,000 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. ...................... 600,000 531,450 
Realignment to Air Force ....................................................................................................... ......................... [–42,750 ] 
Realignment to Army ............................................................................................................ .......................... [–25,800 ] 
SUBTOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .............................................................................................. 600,000 531,450 
TOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. 600,000 531,450 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ............ 358,417 361,717 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ........................ [3,300 ] 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. .. 110 110 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .............. 4,513 4,513 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ............................. 126,501 126,501 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ................... 75,897 92,897 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ........................ [17,000 ] 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ............ 2,770 2,770 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ............................... 34,101 34,101 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ............... 1,184,878 1,184,878 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... .............. 16,663 16,663 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ........................ 1,922,829 1,922,829 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ...................... 33,577 33,577 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 26,454 26,454 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY .................................................................................. 2 2,305 22,305 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ........................ 513,969 513,969 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ....................... 10,007 10,007 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ............. 60,865 60,865 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ......................... 275,231 275,231 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. .. 7,819 7,819 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ........................ 61,422 61,422 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 4,738,328 4,758,628 
MOBILIZATION 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ......... 5,307 5,307 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.039 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6521 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................... 160,002 160,002 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ......................................................................................................................... 165,309 165,309 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ....................... 44,845 44,845 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 44,845 44,845 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ................................. 2,513 2,513 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................ 500 500 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................... 5, 309 5,309 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 1,469 1,469 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ................... 156,671 156,671 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ........ 8,834 8,834 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ ..................... 1,490 1,490 
710 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 6,320 6,320 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. 183,106 183,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ......................................................................................... 5,131,588 5,151,888 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 353,133 353,133 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ .................................. 259,676 259,676 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ............................ 240,000 240,000 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ........................ 16,026 16,026 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 868,835 868,835 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................... 37,862 37,862 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 37,862 37,862 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ................... 43,767 43,767 
200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 2,070 2,070 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. 45,837 45,837 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ......................................................................... 952,534 952,534 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ............ 4,033 4,033 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ..................... 60 60 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ................... 20,300 20,300 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ........................ 7,250 7,250 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 31,643 31,643 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES .................................................................................. 31,643 31,643 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ............................... 2,500 2,500 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ........................ 955 955 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 3,455 3,455 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ............................................................................. 3,455 3,455 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ........................ 1,505,738 1,548,488 
Air Force expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program .................................................................... ....... [42,750 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .................. 914,973 919,273 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ........................ [4,300 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ...... 31,978 31,978 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ............................ 1,192,765 1,192,765 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................... 85,62 5 85,625 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................... 917,269 917,269 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ................... 30,219 30,219 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ................ 174,734 174,734 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................... 869 869 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ......................... 5,008 5,008 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ............................................................................... 1 00,190 100,190 
135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 22,893 22,893 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.039 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6522 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 4,982,261 5,029,311 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 2,995,703 2,995,703 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. .................... 108,163 108,163 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ............................ 511,059 511,059 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................... 4,642 4,642 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ......................................................................................................................... 3,619,567 3,619,567 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................. 92 92 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ....................... 11,986 11,986 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 12,078 12,078 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ............................ 86,716 86,716 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................... 3,836 3,836 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .................. 165,348 165,348 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .................... 204,683 141,683 
Reduction to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq ........................................................................ ............ [–63,000 ] 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ......................... 61 61 
460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 15,463 15,463 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. 476,107 413,107 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ................................................................................ 9,090,013 9,074,063 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ............................ 51,086 51,086 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................... 7,020 7,020 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 58,106 58,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................. 58,106 58,106 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ..................... 19,900 19,900 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 19,900 19,900 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ........................................................................................... 19,900 19,900 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ............................. 9,900 9,900 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................ . 2,345,835 2,345,835 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 2,355,735 2,355,735 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ................ 18,474 18,474 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ........... 29,579 29,579 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. .................. 110,000 110,000 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ......................... 5,960 5,960 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .......... 1,677,000 1,577,000 
Reduction from Coalition Support Funds ......................................................................................... ................ [–100,000 ] 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ..... 73,000 73,000 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ............. 106,709 106,709 
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ............ 2,102 2,102 
330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 1,427,074 1,427,074 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................... 3,449,898 3,349,898 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................... 5,805,633 5,705,633 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................... 37,638,283 37,594,883 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.039 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6523 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ....................... 508,008 508,008 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ........................... 763,300 763,300 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ............... 1,054,322 1,054,322 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .................................. 1,546,129 1,546,129 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ............ 3,158,606 3,158,606 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. .................. 438,909 438,909 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 7,469,274 7,469,274 
MOBILIZATION 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ..................... 261,683 261,683 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ......................................................................................................................... 261,683 261,683 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ................... 485,778 485,778 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 485,778 485,778 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ......................................................................................... 8,216,735 8,216,735 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ............ 4,940,365 4,940,365 
020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ............................... 1,830,611 1,830,611 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .............. 103,456 103,456 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ............ 33,201 33,201 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ............... 4,287,658 4,287,658 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... .............. 787,446 787,446 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ........................ 5,960,951 5,960,951 
120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. .................. 1,554,863 1,554,863 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ...................... 704,415 704,415 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 20,202,966 20,202,966 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ......................................................................................... 20,202,966 20,202,966 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 931,079 931,079 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ .................................. 931,757 931,757 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 1,862,836 1,862,836 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................... 347,476 347,476 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 347,476 347,476 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ......................................................................... 2,210,312 2,210,312 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ................... 930,341 930,341 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ................ 924,845 924,845 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................... 271,177 271,177 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ......................... 382,824 382,824 
135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 14,224 14,224 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 2,523,411 2,523,411 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 2,229,196 2,229,196 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. .................... 148,318 148,318 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ............................ 1,617,571 1,617,571 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ......................................................................................................................... 3,995,085 3,995,085 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ............................ 1,141,491 1,141,491 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. 1,141,491 1,141,491 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ................................................................................ 7,659,987 7,659,987 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................... 38,290,000 38,290,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.039 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6524 September 29, 2015 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................................. 130,491,227 129,468,888 
A–10 restoration: Military Personnel ........................................................................................... .................................. [132,000 ] 
Additional support for the National Guard’s Operation Phalanx .................................................................. .................. [21,700 ] 
Basic Housing Allowance ........................................................................................................ ..................................... [300,000 ] 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ............................................................................................ ................................ [18,200 ] 
Financial Literacy Training .................................................................................................... ..................................... [85,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ................................... [–480,500 ] 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase .............................................................................. ........................ [4,300 ] 
Projected understrength ........................................................................................................ ....................................... [–115,839 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ........................................ [–987,200 ] 
Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Fund Contributions ................................................................................................ 6,243,449 6,243,449 
Total, Military Personnel ............................................................................................................................... ....... 136,734,676 135,712,337 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations .............................................................................................. .................................. 3,204,758 3,204,758 
Total, Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................. 3,204,758 3,204,758 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 
INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ......................................................................................................... ...................... 50,432 50,432 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .......................................................................................................... 50,432 50,432 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ............................. 62,898 62,898 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................. 62,898 62,898 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ................................................................................................. ...................... 45,084 45,084 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................................... 45,084 45,084 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 
COMMISSARY RESALE STOCKS COMMISSARY OPERATIONS .......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,154,154 1,435,354 
Restoration of Proposed Efficiencies ........................................................................................... ..................... [142,200 ] 
Restoration of Savings from Legislative Proposals .............................................................................. .............. [139,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA .......................................................................................................... 1,154,154 1,435,354 
NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND 
MPF MLP POST DELIVERY AND OUTFITTING ................................................................................................... ...................... 15,456 15,456 
NATIONAL DEF SEALIFT VESSEL LG MED SPD RO/RO MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ...................... 124,493 124,493 
DOD MOBILIZATION ALTERATIONS ................................................................................................... ..................... 8,243 8,243 
TAH MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................................ .................................. 27,784 27,784 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................................... ....................... 25,197 25,197 
READY RESERVE FORCE ............................................................................................................ .............................. 272,991 272,991 
TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ................................................................................................... 474,164 474,164 
CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .......................... 139,098 139,098 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6525 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 579,342 579,342 
PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ..................................... 2,281 2,281 
TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION ..................................................................................... 720,721 720,721 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ..................................................................... 739, 009 761,009 
SOUTHCOM Operational Support for Central America ............................................................................... ...... [30,000 ] 
Transfer to Demand Reduction Program ........................................................................................... ............... [–8,000 ] 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ................ 111,589 119,589 
Expanded drug testing .......................................................................................................... .......................... [8,000 ] 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ........................................................................ 850,598 880,598 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ....................... 310,459 310,459 
RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 4,700 2,100 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... ......................... [–2,600 ] 
PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,000 –1,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ............................. [–1,000 ] 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ................................................................................................ 316,159 312,559 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. ...................................... 9,082,298 8,962,926 
Consolidated health plan unauthorized .......................................................................................... .................. [–29,719 ] 
Pharmacy benefit reform unauthorized ........................................................................................... ................. [–30,528 ] 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ................................................................................. ................. [–59,125 ] 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ ................................ 14,892,683 14,886,930 
Access to TRICARE Prime for certain beneficiaties .............................................................................. ............. [4,000 ] 
TRICARE consolidation not authorized ........................................................................................... ................ [–9,753 ] 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 2,415,658 2,300,164 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ................................................................................. ................. [–115,494 ] 
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................... ........................ 1,677,827 1,654,814 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ................................................................................. ................. [–23,013 ] 
MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 327,967 325,908 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ................................................................................. ................. [–2,059 ] 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ............................ 750,614 750,614 
BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .................. 1,742,893 1,741,690 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increase .................................................................................. ................. [–1,203 ] 
RESEARCH ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 10,996 10,996 
EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................................... ........................ 59,473 59,473 
ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................... .......................... 231,356 231,356 
DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ....................................................................................................... ........................ 103,443 103,443 
ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................ ......................... 515,910 515,910 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT ......................................................................................................... ......................... 41,567 41,567 
CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT ....................................................................................................... ......................... 17,356 17,356 
UNDISTRIBUTED INITIAL OUTFITTING ............................................................................................................. ................................... 33,392 33,392 
REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION .................................................................................................... .................... 330,504 330,504 
THEATER MEDICAL INFORMATION PROGRAM ............................................................................................
........... 1,494 1,494 
IEHR ........................................................................................................................... ................................................ 7,897 7,897 
UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. ..................................... –433,300 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ...................... [–54,700 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ........................... [–378,600 ] 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................... 32,243,328 31,543,134 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS .................................................................................................................... 35,917,538 35,524,944 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS TRANSPORTATION OF FALLEN HEROES ................................................................................................ ................. 2,500 2,500 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................. 2,500 2,500 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ................................................................................................. ...................... 86,350 86,350 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................................... 86,350 86,350 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6526 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ..................................................................... 186, 000 186,000 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ........................................................................ 186,000 186,000 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ....................... 10,262 10,262 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ................................................................................................ 10,262 10,262 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. ...................................... 65,149 65,149 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ ................................ 192,210 192,210 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 9,460 9,460 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ............................ 5,885 5,885 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................... 272,704 272,704 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE .................................................................................................... ........................ 300,000 
Provides assistance to Ukraine ................................................................................................. ....................... [300,000 ] 
TOTAL UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE ........................................................................................................ 300,000 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ............................................................................................. ............ 2,100,000 1,000,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ............................. [–1,100,000 ] 
TOTAL COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ..................................................................................... 2,100,000 1,000,000 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS .................................................................................................................... 2,657,816 1,857,816 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Alaska 
Army Fort Greely Physical Readiness Training Facility ................................................. 7,800 7,800 
California 
Army Concord Pier .................................................................................................. 98,000 98,00 0 
Colorado 
Army Fort Carson, Colorado Rotary Wing Taxiway ....................................................................... 5,800 5,80 0 
Cuba 
Army Guantanamo Bay Unaccompanied Personnel Housing .................................................... 0 0 
Georgia 
Army Fort Gordon Command and Control Facility .......................................................... 90,000 90,000 
Germany 
Army Grafenwoehr Vehicle Maintenance Shop ................................................................. 51,000 51,000 
Maryland 
Army Fort Meade Access Control Point—Mapes Road .................................................... 0 15,000 Army Fort Meade Access Control Point—Reece Road ...................................................... 0 19,500 
New York 
Army Fort Drum NCO Academy Complex ...................................................................... 19,000 19,000 Army U.S. Military Academy Waste Water Treatment Plant ............................................................ 70,000 70,000  
Oklahoma 
Army Fort Sill Reception Barracks Complex Ph2 ....................................................... 56,000 56,000 Army Fort Sill Training Support Facility .................................................................. 13,400 13,400 
Texas 
Army Corpus Christi Powertrain Facility (Infrastructure/Metal) ......................................... 85,000 85,000 Army Joint Base San Antonio Homeland Defense Operations Center ................................................. 43,000 0 
Virginia 
Army Arlington National Cemetery Arlington National Cemetery Southern Expansion (DAR) .................... 0 30,000 Army Fort Lee Training Support Facility .................................................................. 33,000 33,000 Army Joint Base Myer-Henderson Instruction Building .......................................................................... 37 ,000 0 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Host Nation Support ....................................................................... ... 36,000 36,000 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Minor Construction ........................................................................ ... 25,000 25,000 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... .. 73,245 73,245 
Military Construction, Army Total ......................................................................................................................... 743,245 727,745 
Arizona 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6527 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Navy Yuma Aircraft Maint. Facilities & Apron (So. CALA) ................................... 50,635 50,635 
Bahrain Island 
Navy SW Asia Mina Salman Pier Replacement .......................................................... 37,700 37,700 Navy SW Asia Ship Maintenance Support Facility .................................................... 52,091 52,091 
California 
Navy Camp Pendleton Pendleton Ops Center ........................................................................ 0 0 Navy Camp Pendleton Raw Water Pipeline Pendleton to Fallbrook ........................................ 44,540 44,540 Navy Coronado Coastal Campus Utilities .................................................................... 4,856 4,856 Navy Lemoore F–35C Hangar Modernization and Addition ........................................ 56,497 56,497 Navy Lemoore F–35C Training Facilities ................................................................... 8,187 8,187 Navy Lemoore RTO and Mission Debrief Facility ...................................................... 7,146 7,146 Navy Miramar KC–130J Enlisted Air Crew Trainer ..................................................... 0 11,200 Navy Point Mugu E–2C/D Hangar Additions and Renovations ........................................ 19,453 19,453 Navy Point Mugu Triton Avionics and Fuel Systems Trainer .......................................... 2,974 2,974 
Navy San Diego LCS Support Facility ......................................................................... 37,366 37,366 Navy Twentynine Palms Microgrid Expansion ......................................................................... 9,160 9,160 
Florida 
Navy Jacksonville Fleet Support Facility Addition .......................................................... 8,455 8,455 Navy Jacksonville Triton Mission Control Facility .......................................................... 8,296 8,296 Navy Mayport LCS Mission Module Readiness Center ............................................... 16,159 16,159 Navy Pensacola A-School Unaccompanied Housing (Corry Station) .............................. 18,347 18,347 Navy Whiting Field T–6B JPATS Training Operations Facility .......................................... 10,421 10,421 
Georgia 
Navy Albany Ground Source Heat Pumps ............................................................... 7,851 7,851 Navy Kings Bay Industrial Control System Infrastructure ............................................ 8,099 8,099 Navy Townsend Townsend Bombing Range Expansion Phase 2 .................................... 48,279 43,279 
Guam 
Navy Joint Region Marianas Live-Fire Training Range Complex (NW Field) .................................... 125,677 125,677 Navy Joint Region Marianas Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Closure .............................................. 10,777 10,777 Navy Joint Region Marianas Sanitary Sewer System Recapitalization ............................................. 45,314 45,314 
Hawaii 
Navy Barking Sands PMRF Power Grid Consolidation ....................................................... 30,623 30,623 Navy Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam UEM Interconnect Sta C to Hickam .................................................... 6,335 6 ,335 
Navy Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Welding School Shop Consolidation .................................................... 8,546 8,546 
Navy Kaneohe Bay Airfield Lighting Modernization ......................................................... 26,097 26,097 Navy Kaneohe Bay Bachelor Enlisted Quarters ................................................................ 68,092 68,092 Navy Kaneohe Bay P–8A Detachment Support Facilities ................................................... 12,429 12,429 Navy MCB Hawaii LHD Pad Conversions MV–22 Landing Pads ....................................... 0 0 
Italy 
Navy Sigonella P–8A Hangar and Fleet Support Facility ............................................ 62,302 62,302 Navy Sigonella Triton Hangar and Operation Facility ................................................ 40,641 40,641 
Japan 
Navy Camp Butler Military Working Dog Facilities (Camp Hansen) ................................. 11,697 11,697 Navy Iwakuni E–2D Operational Trainer Complex .................................................... 8,716 8,716 Navy Iwakuni Security Modifications—CVW5/MAG12 HQ ......................................... 9,207 9,207 Navy Kadena AB Aircraft Maint. Shelters & Apron ....................................................... 23,310 23,310 Navy Yokosuka Child Development Center .................................................................. 13,846 13,846 
Maryland 
Navy Patuxent River Unaccompanied Housing .................................................................... 40,935 40,935 
North Carolina 
Navy Camp Lejeune 2nd Radio BN Complex Operations Consolidation ............................... 0 0 Navy Camp Lejeune Range Safety Improvements ............................................................... 0 0 Navy Camp Lejeune Simulator Integration/Range Control Facility ..................................... 54,849 54,849 Navy Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station Air Field Security Improvements ........................................................ 0 23,300 
Navy Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station KC–130J Enlsited Air Crew Trainer Facility ........................................ 4,769 4,769 
Navy Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station Unmanned Aircraft System Facilities .................................................. 29,657 29,657 
Navy New River Operational Trainer Facility .............................................................. 3,312 3,312 
Navy New River Radar Air Traffic Control Facility Addition ........................................ 4,918 4,918 
Poland 
Navy RedziKowo Base AEGIS Ashore Missile Defense Complex .............................................. 51,270 51,270 
South Carolina 
Navy Parris Island Range Safety Improvements & Modernization ..................................... 27,075 27,075 
Virginia 
Navy Dam Neck Maritime Surveillance System Facility ................................................ 23,066 23,066 Navy Norfolk Communications Center ..................................................................... 75,289 75,289 Navy Norfolk Electrical Repairs to Piers 2,6,7, and 11 ............................................... 44,254 44,254 Navy Norfolk MH–60 Helicopter Training Facility .................................................... 7,134 7,134 Navy Portsmouth Waterfront Utilities ........................................................................... 45,513 45,513 Navy Quantico ATFP Gate ........................................................................................ 5,840 5,840 Navy Quantico Electrical Distribution Upgrade .......................................................... 8,418 8,418 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6528 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Navy Quantico Embassy Security Guard BEQ & Ops Facility ..................................... 43,941 43,941 
Navy Quantico TBS Fire Station Replacement ........................................................... 0 0 
Washington 
Navy Bangor Regional Ship Maintenance Support Facility ...................................... 0 0 Navy Bangor WRA Land/Water Interface ................................................................ 34,177 34,177 Navy Bremerton Dry Dock 6 Modernization & Utility Improve. ..................................... 22,680 22,680 Navy Indian Island Shore Power to Ammunition Pier ........................................................ 4,472 4,472 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations MCON Design Funds ......................................................................... 91,649 91,649 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ......................................................... 22, 590 22,590 
Military Construction, Navy Total .......................................................................................................................... 1,605,929 1,635,429 
Alaska 
AF Eielson AFB F–35A Flight Sim/Alter Squad Ops/AMU Facility ................................. 37,000 37,000 AF Eielson AFB Rpr Central Heat & Power Plant Boiler Ph3 ....................................... 34,400 34,400 
Arizona 
AF Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Age Covered Storage ............................................................. 4,700 4,700 AF Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Wash Rack .......................................................................... 12,200 12,200 AF Luke AFB Communications Facility ................................................................... 0 21,000 AF Luke AFB F–35A ADAL Fuel Offload Facility .................................................... 5,000 5,000 AF Luke AFB F–35A Aircraft Maintenance Hangar/Sq 3 ........................................... 13,200 13,200 AF Luke AFB F–35A Bomb Build-up Facility ........................................................... 5,500 5,500 AF Luke AFB F–35A Sq Ops/AMU/Hangar/Sq 4 ........................................................ 33,000 33,000 
Colorado 
AF U.S. Air Force Academy Front Gates Force Protection Enhancements ....................................... 10,000 10,000 
Florida 
AF Cape Canaveral AFS Range Communications Facility ......................................................... 21,000 21,000 AF Eglin AFB F–35A Consolidated HQ Facility ......................................................... 8,700 8,700 AF Hurlburt Field ADAL 39 Information Operations Squad Facility ................................ 14,200 14,200 
Greenland 
AF Thule AB Thule Consolidation PH 1 .................................................................. 41,965 41,965 
Guam 
AF Joint Region Marianas APR—Dispersed Maint Spares & SE Storage Fac ................................ 19,000 19,000 AF Joint Region Marianas APR—Installation Control Center ...................................................... 22,200 22,200 AF Joint Region Marianas APR—South Ramp Utilities Phase 2 ................................................... 7,100 7,100 AF Joint Region Marianas PAR—Lo/Corrosion Cntrl/Composite Repair ........................................ 0 0 AF Joint Region Marianas PRTC Roads ..................................................................................... 2,500 2 ,500 
Hawaii 
AF Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam F–22 Fighter Alert Facility ................................................................. 4 6,000 46,000 
Japan 
AF Yokota AB C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ......................................................... 8,461 8,461 
Kansas 
AF Mcconnell AFB Air Traffic Control Tower .................................................................. 0 0 
AF Mcconnell AFB KC–46A ADAL Deicing Pads .............................................................. 4,300 4,300 
Louisiana 
AF Barksdale AFB Consolidated Communications Facility ............................................... 0 0 
Maryland 
AF Fort Meade CYBERCOM Joint Operations Center, Increment 3 ............................. 86,000 86,000 
Missouri 
AF Whiteman AFB Consolidated Stealth Ops & Nuclear Alert Fac .................................... 29,500 29,500 
Montana 
AF Malmstrom AFB Tactical Response Force Alert Facility ................................................ 19,700 19,700 
Nebraska 
AF Offutt AFB Dormitory (144 RM) ........................................................................... 21,000 21,000 
Nevada 
AF Nellis AFB F–35A Airfield Pavements .................................................................. 31,000 31,000 AF Nellis AFB F–35A Live Ordnance Loading Area ................................................... 34,500 34,500 AF Nellis AFB F–35A Munitions Maintenance Facilities ............................................ 3,450 3,450 
New Mexico 
AF Cannon AFB Construct AT/FP Gate—Portales ........................................................ 7,800 7,800 AF Holloman AFB Fixed Ground Control ........................................................................ 0 0 AF Holloman AFB Marshalling Area ARM/DE-ARM Pad D ............................................. 3,000 3,000 AF Kirtland AFB Space Vehicles Component Development Lab ...................................... 12,800 12,800 
New York 
AF Fort Drum ASOS Expansion ............................................................................... 0 0 
Niger 
AF Agadez Construct Airfield and Base Camp ...................................................... 50,000 50,000 
North Carolina 
AF Seymour Johnson AFB Air Traffic Control Tower/Base Ops Facility ....................................... 17,100 17,100 
Oklahoma 
AF Altus AFB Dormitory (120 RM) ........................................................................... 18,000 18,000 AF Altus AFB KC–46A FTU ADAL Fuel Cell Maint Hangar ...................................... 10,400 10,400 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6529 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
AF Tinker AFB Air Traffic Control Tower .................................................................. 12,900 12,900 
AF Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Maintenance Dock ...................................................... 37,000 37,000 
Oman 
AF Al Musannah AB Airlift Apron ..................................................................................... 25,000 25,0 00 
South Dakota 
AF Ellsworth AFB Dormitory (168 RM) ........................................................................... 23,000 23,000 
Texas 
AF Joint Base San Antonio BMT Classrooms/Dining Facility 3 ..................................................... 35,000 35,000 AF Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 5 .................................................................. 71,000 71,00 0 
United Kingdom 
AF RAF Croughton Consolidated SATCOM/Tech Control Facility ..................................... 36,424 36,424 AF RAF Croughton JIAC Consolidation—PH 2 ................................................................. 94,191 94,191 
Utah 
AF Hill AFB F–35A Flight Simulator Addition Phase 2 ............................................ 5,900 5,900 AF Hill AFB F–35A Hangar 40/42 Additions and AMU ............................................ 21,000 21,000 AF Hill AFB Hayman Igloos .................................................................................. 11,500 11,500 
Worldwide Classified 
AF Classified Location Long Range Strike Bomber ................................................................. 77,130 77,130 AF Classified Location Munitions Storage ............................................................................. 3,000 3,00 0 
Worldwide Unspecified 
AF Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ......................................................................... 89,1 64 89,164 
AF Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction ............................................ 22,900 22,900  
Wyoming 
AF F. E. Warren AFB Weapon Storage Facility .................................................................... 95,000 95,000 
Military Construction, Air Force Total ................................................................................................................... 1,354,785 1,375,785 
Alabama 
Def-Wide Fort Rucker Fort Rucker ES/PS Consolidation/Replacement ................................... 46,787 46,787 Def-Wide Maxwell AFB Maxwell ES/MS Replacement/Renovation ............................................ 32,968 32,968 
Arizona 
Def-Wide Fort Huachuca JITC Buildings 52101/52111 Renovations .............................................. 3,884 3,884 
California 
Def-Wide Camp Pendleton SOF Combat Service Support Facility ................................................. 10,181 10,181 Def-Wide Camp Pendleton SOF Performance Resiliency Center-West ........................................... 10,371 10,371 Def-Wide Coronado SOF Logistics Support Unit One Ops Fac. #2 ...................................... 47,218 47,218 Def-Wide Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG Replace Fuel Storage and Distrib. Facilities ........................................ 10,700 10, 700 
Colorado 
Def-Wide Fort Carson, Colorado SOF Language Training Facility ....................................................... 8,243 8,243  
Conus Classified 
Def-Wide Classified Location Operations Support Facility ............................................................... 20,065 2 0,065 
Delaware 
Def-Wide Dover AFB Construct Hydrant Fuel System ......................................................... 21,600 21,600 
Djibouti 
Def-Wide Camp Lemonier Construct Fuel Storage & Distrib. Facilities ........................................ 43,700 43,700 
Florida 
Def-Wide Hurlburt Field SOF Fuel Cell Maintenance Hangar ................................................... 17,989 17,989 Def-Wide MacDill AFB SOF Operational Support Facility ...................................................... 39,142 39,142 
Georgia 
Def-Wide Moody AFB Replace Pumphouse and Truck Fillstands .......................................... 10,900 10,900 
Germany 
Def-Wide Garmisch Garmisch E/MS-Addition/Modernization ............................................. 14,676 14,676 Def-Wide Grafenwoehr Grafenwoehr Elementary School Replacement ..................................... 38,138 38,138 Def-Wide Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Incr 5 ..................................................... 85,034 8 5,034 
Def-Wide Spangdahlem AB Construct Fuel Pipeline ..................................................................... 5,500 5,500  
Def-Wide Spangdahlem AB Medical/Dental Clinic Addition .......................................................... 34,071 34,071 Def-Wide Stuttgart-Patch Barracks Patch Elementary School Replacement ............................................... 49,413 49,4 13 
Hawaii 
Def-Wide Kaneohe Bay Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement .................................................... 122,071 122,071 Def-Wide Schofield Barracks Behavioral Health/Dental Clinic Addition ........................................... 123,838 123,838 
Japan 
Def-Wide Kadena AB Airfield Pavements ............................................................................ 37,485 37,485 
Kentucky 
Def-Wide Fort Campbell, Kentucky SOF Company HQ/Classrooms ............................................................ 12,553 12 ,553 
Def-Wide Fort Knox Fort Knox HS Renovation/MS Addition .............................................. 23,279 23,279 
Maryland 
Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Campus Feeders Phase 2 ......................................................... 33,745 33,745 Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Incr 1 ................................................ 34,897 34,897 
Nevada 
Def-Wide Nellis AFB Replace Hydrant Fuel System ............................................................ 39,900 39,900 
New Mexico 
Def-Wide Cannon AFB Construct Pumphouse and Fuel Storage ............................................. 20,400 20,400 Def-Wide Cannon AFB SOF Squadron Operations Facility ..................................................... 11,565 11,565 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6530 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Def-Wide Cannon AFB SOF ST Operational Training Facilities ............................................. 13,146 13,146 
New York 
Def-Wide West Point West Point Elementary School Replacement ........................................ 55,778 55,778 
North Carolina 
Def-Wide Camp Lejeune SOF Combat Service Support Facility ................................................. 14,036 14,036 Def-Wide Camp Lejeune SOF Marine Battalion Company/Team Facilities ................................. 54,970 54,970 Def-Wide Fort Bragg Butner Elementary School Replacement .............................................. 32,944 32,944 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF 21 STS Operations Facility ......................................................... 16,863 16,863 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Battalion Operations Facility ..................................................... 38,549 38,549 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Indoor Range ............................................................................. 8,303 8,303 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Intelligence Training Center ....................................................... 28,265 28,265 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Special Tactics Facility (PH 2) .................................................... 43,887 43,887 
Ohio 
Def-Wide Wright-Patterson AFB Satellite Pharmacy Replacement ......................................................... 6,623 6,62 3 
Oregon 
Def-Wide Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fuel Facilities ....................................................................... 2,500 2,500 
Pennsylvania 
Def-Wide Philadelphia Replace Headquarters ........................................................................ 49,700 49,700  
Poland 
Def-Wide RedziKowo Base AEGIS Ashore Missile Defense System Complex ................................... 169,153 169,153 
South Carolina 
Def-Wide Fort Jackson Pierce Terrace Elementary School Replacement ................................... 26,157 26,157 
Spain 
Def-Wide Rota Rota ES and HS Additions ................................................................. 13,737 13,737 
Texas 
Def-Wide Fort Bliss Hospital Replacement Incr 7 ............................................................... 239,884 189,884 Def-Wide Joint Base San Antonio Ambulatory Care Center Phase 4 ........................................................ 61,776 61 ,776 
Virginia 
Def-Wide Fort Belvoir Construct Visitor Control Center ........................................................ 5,000 5,000 Def-Wide Fort Belvoir Replace Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility ............................................ 4,500 4,500 Def-Wide Joint Base Langley-Eustis Replace Fuel Pier and Distribution Facility ........................................ 28,000 28 ,000 
Def-Wide Joint Expeditionary Base Little 
Creek—Story SOF Applied Instruction Facility ....................................................... 23,916 23,916 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction .............................................................. .... 10,000 0 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations ECIP Design ........................................................................... .......... 10,000 10,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Conservation Investment Program .......................................... 150,00 0 150,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction .................................................. 8 ,687 8,687 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ...... 13,500 13,500 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ...... 42,183 42,183 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ...... 31,628 31,628 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ...... 1,078 1,078 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ...... 3,041 3,041 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ...... 27,202 27,202 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ . 5,000 5,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ . 3,000 3,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ . 15,676 15,676 
Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations East Coast Missile Site Planning and Design ...................................... 0 30,000 Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ......................................................................... ... 31,772 31,772 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total ............................................................................................................. 2,300,767 2,270,767 
Worldwide Unspecified 
NATO NATO Security Investment Pro-
gram NATO Security Investment Program ................................................... 120,000 120,000 
NATO Security Investment Program Total ............................................................................................................. 120,000 120,000 
Alabama 
Army NG Camp Foley Vehicle Maintenance Shop ................................................................. 0 4,500 
Connecticut 
Army NG Camp Hartell Ready Building (CST-WMD) .............................................................. 11,000 11,000 
Delaware 
Army NG Dagsboro National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop ........................................ 10,800 10,800 
Florida 
Army NG Palm Coast National Guard Readiness Center ....................................................... 18,000 18,000 
Georgia 
Army NG Fort Stewart Tactical Aerial Unmanned Systems ..................................................... 0 6,800 
Illinois 
Army NG Sparta Basic 10M–25M Firing Range (Zero) ................................................... 1,900 1,900 
Kansas 
Army NG Salina Automated Combat Pistol/MP Firearms Qual Course ........................... 2,400 2,400 Army NG Salina Modified Record Fire Range ............................................................... 4,300 4,300 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6531 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Maryland 
Army NG Easton National Guard Readiness Center ....................................................... 13,800 13,800 
Mississippi 
Army NG Gulfport Aviation Classification and Repair ..................................................... 0 40,000 
Nevada 
Army NG Reno National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Add/Alt ............................ 8,000 8,000 
Ohio 
Army NG Camp Ravenna Modified Record Fire Range ............................................................... 3,300 3,300 
Oregon 
Army NG Salem National Guard/Reserve Center Bldg Add/Alt (JFHQ) .......................... 16,500 16,500 
Pennsylvania 
Army NG Fort Indiantown Gap Training Aids Center ......................................................................... 16,000  16,000 
Vermont 
Army NG North Hyde Park National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Addition ........................... 7,900 7,900 
Virginia 
Army NG Richmond National Guard/Reserve Center Building (JFHQ) ................................ 29,000 29,000 
Washington 
Army NG Yakima Enlisted Barracks, Transient Training ............................................... 19,000 19,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design .................................................................... ..... 20,337 20,337 
Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ......................................................... 15,000 15,000 
Military Construction, Army National Guard Total ............................................................................................... 197,237 248,537 
California 
Army Res Miramar Army Reserve Center ......................................................................... 24,000 24,000 
Florida 
Army Res MacDill AFB AR Center/AS Facility ....................................................................... 55,000 55,000 
Mississippi 
Army Res Starkville Army Reserve Center ......................................................................... 9,300 9,300 
New York 
Army Res Orangeburg Organizational Maintenance Shop ..................................................... 4,200 4,200 
Pennsylvania 
Army Res Conneaut Lake DAR Highway Improvement ............................................................... 5,000 5,000 
Puerto Rico 
Army Res Fort Buchanan Access Control Point .......................................................................... 0 10,200 
Virginia 
Army Res Fort AP Hill Equipment Concentration .................................................................. 0 24,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ...... 9,318 9,318 
Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ . 6,777 6,777 
Military Construction, Army Reserve Total ............................................................................................................. 113,595 147,795 
Nevada 
N/MC Res Fallon NAVOPSPTCEN Fallon ..................................................................... 11,480 11,480 
New York 
N/MC Res Brooklyn Reserve Center Storage Facility .......................................................... 2,479 2,479 
Virginia 
N/MC Res Dam Neck Reserve Training Center Complex ....................................................... 18,443 18,443 
Worldwide Unspecified 
N/MC Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations MCNR Planning & Design ................................................................ . 2,208 2,208 
N/MC Res Unspecified Worldwide Locations MCNR Unspecified Minor Construction .............................................. 1,468  1,468 
Military Construction, Naval Reserve Total ........................................................................................................... 36,078 36,078 
Alabama 
Air NG Dannelly Field TFI—Replace Squadron Operations Facility ....................................... 7,600 7,600 
Arkansas 
Air NG Fort Smith MAP Consolidated SCIF ............................................................................. 0 0 
California 
Air NG Moffett Field Replace Vehicle Maintenance Facility ................................................ 6,500 6,500 
Colorado 
Air NG Buckley AFB ASE Maintenance and Storage Facility .............................................. 5,100 5,100 
Connecticut 
Air NG Bradley Ops and Deployment Facility ............................................................. 0 0 
Florida 
Air NG Cape Canaveral AFS Space Control Facility ....................................................................... 0 6,100 
Georgia 
Air NG Savannah/Hilton Head IAP C–130 Squadron Operations Facility ................................................... 9,000 9,00 0 
Hawaii 
Air NG Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam F–22 Composite Repair Facility .......................................................... 0  0 
Iowa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6532 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Air NG Des Moines MAP Air Operations Grp/CYBER Beddown-Reno Blg 430 ............................. 6,700 6,700 
Kansas 
Air NG Smokey Hill ANG Range Range Training Support Facilities ...................................................... 2,900 2,900  
Louisiana 
Air NG New Orleans Replace Squadron Operations Facility ................................................ 10,000 10,000 
Maine 
Air NG Bangor IAP Add to and Alter Fire Crash/Rescue Station ........................................ 7,200 7,200 
New Hampshire 
Air NG Pease International Trade Port Bldg Mod KC–46 Fuselage Trainer ..................................................... 0 0 Air NG Pease International Trade Port KC–46A ADAL Flight Simulator Bldg 156 ............................................ 2,800 2, 800 
New Jersey 
Air NG Atlantic City IAP Fuel Cell and Corrosion Control Hangar ............................................. 10,200 10,200 
New York 
Air NG Niagara Falls IAP Remotely Piloted Aircraft Beddown Bldg 912 ....................................... 7,700 7,700 
North Carolina 
Air NG Charlotte/Douglas IAP Replace C–130 Squadron Operations Facility ....................................... 9,000 9,000 
North Dakota 
Air NG Hector IAP Intel Targeting Facilities ................................................................... 7,300 7,300 
Oklahoma 
Air NG Will Rogers World Airport Medium Altitude Manned ISR Beddown ............................................. 7,600 7,600 
Oregon 
Air NG Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fire Crash/Rescue Station ..................................................... 7,200 7,200 
West Virginia 
Air NG Yeager Airport Force Protection- Relocate Coonskin Road .......................................... 3,900 3,900 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Air NG Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ......................................................................... 5,104 5,104 
Air NG Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ......................................................... 7,734  7,734 
Military Construction, Air National Guard Total ................................................................................................... 123,538 129,638 
Arizona 
AF Res Davis-Monthan AFB Guardian Angel Operations ............................................................... 0 0 
California 
AF Res March AFB Satellite Fire Station .......................................................................... 4,600 4,600 
Florida 
AF Res Patrick AFB Aircrew Life Support Facility ............................................................. 3,400 3,400 
Georgia 
AF Res Dobbins Fire Station/Security Complex ............................................................ 0 10,400 
Ohio 
AF Res Youngstown Indoor Firing Range .......................................................................... 9,400 9,400 
Texas 
AF Res Joint Base San Antonio Consolidate 433 Medical Facility ........................................................ 9,900 9,9 00 
Worldwide Unspecified 
AF Res Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ......................................................................... 13,400 13,400 
AF Res Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction ............................................ 6,121 6,1 21 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve Total ...................................................................................................... 46,821 57,221 
Florida 
FH Con 
Army Camp Rudder Family Housing Replacement Construction ......................................... 8,000 8,000 
Germany 
FH Con 
Army Wiesbaden Army Airfield Family Housing Improvements ........................................................... 3,500 3,500 
Illinois 
FH Con 
Army Rock Island Family Housing Replacement Construction ......................................... 20,000 20,000 
Korea 
FH Con 
Army Camp Walker Family Housing New Construction ..................................................... 61,000 61,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Con 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Family Housing P & D ....................................................................... 7,19 5 7,195 
Family Housing Construction, Army Total ............................................................................................................. 99,695 99,695 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... .. 25,552 25,552 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leased Housing ................................................................................. 144,879 144,879 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance of Real Property Facilities ............................................. 75,197 75,1 97 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6533 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management Account ........................................................................ 45,46 8 45,468 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management Account ........................................................................ 3,047  3,047 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Military Housing Privitization Initiative ............................................. 22,000 22 ,000 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous .................................................................................. .. 840 840 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ...... 10,928 10,928 
FH Ops 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ....... 65,600 65,600 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Army Total ..................................................................................... 393,511 393,511 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Improvements ......................................................................... ........... 150,649 150,649 
FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design .................................................................. ....... 9,849 9,849 
Family Housing Construction, Air Force Total ....................................................................................................... 160,498 160,498 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings Account .................................................................. ....... 38,746 38,746 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization ................................................................ ........ 41,554 41,554 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing .............................................................................. ............... 28,867 28,867 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .......................................................................... ........... 114,129 114,129 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management Account ................................................................... ..... 52,153 52,153 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous Account ................................................................ ...... 2,032 2,032 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services Account ..................................................................... .......... 12,940 12,940 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities Account .................................................................... ........... 40,811 40,811 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Air Force Total ............................................................................... 331,232 331,232 
Virginia 
FH Con 
Navy Wallops Island Construct Housing Welcome Center .................................................... 438 438 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Con 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Design ......................................................................................... ..... 4,588 4,588 
FH Con 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Improvements ................................................................................... . 11,515 11,515 
Family Housing Construction, Navy And Marine Corps Total ................................................................................ 16,541 16,541 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings Account ......................................................................... 17, 534 17,534 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ..... 64,108 64,108 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance of Real Property ........................................................... 99,323 9 9,323 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management Account ........................................................................ 56,18 9 56,189 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous Account ...................................................................... 373 373 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Privatization Support Costs ............................................................... 28,66 8 28,668 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services Account ............................................................................... 19,149 19,149 
FH Ops 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities Account .............................................................................. . 67,692 67,692 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Navy And Marine Corps Total ........................................................ 353,036 353,036 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings Account .................................................................. ....... 781 781 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings Account .................................................................. ....... 20 20 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings Account .................................................................. ....... 3,402 3,402 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing .............................................................................. ............... 10,679 10,679 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing .............................................................................. ............... 41,273 41,273 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance of Real Property ......................................................... .. 344 344 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance of Real Property ......................................................... .. 1,104 1,104 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management Account ................................................................... ..... 388 388 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services Account ..................................................................... .......... 31 31 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities Account .................................................................... ........... 172 172 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6534 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities Account .................................................................... ........... 474 474 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Defense-Wide Total ......................................................................... 58,668 58,668 
Worldwide Unspecified 
BRAC Base Realignment & Closure, 
Army Base Realignment and Closure ........................................................... 29,691 29,691 
Base Realignment and Closure—Army Total .......................................................................................................... 29,691 29,691 
Worldwide Unspecified 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations DOD BRAC Activities—Air Force ....................................................... 64,555  64,555 
Base Realignment and Closure—Air Force Total .................................................................................................... 64,555 64,555 
Worldwide Unspecified 
BRAC Base Realignment & Closure, 
Navy Base Realignment & Closure .............................................................. 118,906 118,906 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–100: Planing, Design and Management ...................................... 7,787 7,787 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–101: Various Locations .............................................................. 20 ,871 20,871 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–138: NAS Brunswick, ME .......................................................... 803 80 3 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–157: MCSA Kansas City, MO ..................................................... 41 41 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–172: NWS Seal Beach, Concord, CA ............................................ 4,872 4,87 2 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–84: JRB Willow Grove & Cambria Reg AP ................................... 3,808 3,808 
Base Realignment and Closure—Navy Total .......................................................................................................... 157,088 157,088 
Worldwide Unspecified 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Air Force .................................................................................. ........ 0 –34,400 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Army ....................................................................................... ......... 0 –56,600 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Defense-Wide ............................................................................... ..... 0 –134,000 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Assistance Program .............................................................. 0 – 110,000 
Prior Year Savings Total ............................................................................................................................... ........ 0 –335,000 
Total, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... ... 8,463,598 8,235,598 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation 
Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
Energy Programs 
Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ............................. 135,161 135,161 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National nuclear security administration: 
Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. ....................... 8,846,948 8,802,797 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ............... 1,940,302 1,941,500 
Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ......................... 1,375,496 1,359,996 
Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. ................. 402,654 388,000 
Total, National nuclear security administration .......................................................................................... 12,565,400 12,492,293 
Environmental and other defense activities: 
Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ............... 5,527,347 5,130,550 
Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ...................... 774,425 770,522 
Total, Environmental & other defense activities ............................................................................................ 6,301,772 5,901,072 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities .............................................................................................................. 18,867,172 18,393,365 
Total, Discretionary Funding ............................................................................................................................... ........... 19,002,333 18,528,526 
Nuclear Energy 
Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... .............................. 126,161 126,161 
Used nuclear fuel disposition .................................................................................................. .................................... 9,000 9,000 
Total, Nuclear Energy ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 135,161 135,161 
Weapons Activities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.040 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6535 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Directed stockpile work 
Life extension programs 
B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ........................ 643,300 643,300 
W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ....................... 244,019 244,019 
W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ................................ 220,176 220,176 
W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ...................... 195,037 195,037 
Total, Life extension programs ............................................................................................................................ 1,302,532 1,302,532 
Stockpile systems 
B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 52,247 52,247 
W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 50,921 50,921 
W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 64,092 64,092 
W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 68,005 68,005 
B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 42,177 42,177 
W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 89,299 89,299 
W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 115,685 115,685 
Total, Stockpile systems ............................................................................................................................... ....... 482,426 482,426 
Weapons dismantlement and disposition 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ...................... 48,049 48,049 
Stockpile services 
Production support ............................................................................................................. ............................ 447,527 447,527 
Research and development support ............................................................................................... ................... 34,159 34,159 
R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... ....................... 192,613 185,000 
Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... .............. 264,994 258,527 
Total, Stockpile services ............................................................................................................................... ....... 939,293 925,213 
Nuclear material commodities 
Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ......................... 32,916 32,916 
Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ......................... 174,698 174,698 
Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................... 107,345 107,345 
Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... ..................... 100,000 50,000 
Total, Nuclear material commodities .................................................................................................................. 414,959 364,959 
Total, Directed stockpile work ............................................................................................................................... .... 3,187,259 3,123,179 
Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) 
Science 
Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ........................... 50,714 50,714 
Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ..................... 98,500 104,100 
Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ....................... 109,000 109,000 
Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ........................ 47,000 47,000 
Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. .................... 84,400 84,400 
Total, Science ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 389,614 395,214 
Engineering 
Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ ............................ 50,821 50,821 
Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... .......... 17,371 17,371 
Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ............................ 24,461 24,461 
Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... .......................... 38,724 38,724 
Total, Engineering ............................................................................................................................... ............... 131,377 131,377 
Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield 
Ignition ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 73,334 73,334 
Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ .................... 22,843 22,843 
Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... ............. 58,587 58,587 
Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ................. 4,963 4,963 
Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas ........................................................................ ......... 8,900 8,900 
Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... .................. 333,823 333,823 
Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ............................................................................................... 502,450 502,450 
Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ....................... 623,006 617,006 
Responsive Capabilities Program ................................................................................................ ........................... 0 0 
Advanced manufacturing 
Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ .............. 112,256 93,448 
Processing technology development .............................................................................................. ................... 17,800 17,800 
Total, Advanced manufacturing ......................................................................................................................... 130,056 111,248 
Total, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,776,503 1,757,295 
Readiness in technical base and facilities (RTBF) 
Operating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.041 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6536 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Program readiness .............................................................................................................. ............................ 75,185 60,000 
Material recycle and recovery .................................................................................................. ....................... 173,859 160,000 
Storage ........................................................................................................................ .................................. 40,920 40,920 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... .............................. 104,327 100,000 
Total, Operating ............................................................................................................................... .................. 394,291 360,920 
Construction: 
15–D–302 TA–55 Reinvestment project, Phase 3, LANL ............................................................................. ......... 18,195 18,195 
11–D–801 TA–55 Reinvestment project Phase 2, LANL .............................................................................. ......... 3,903 3,903 
07–D–220 Radioactive liquid waste treatment facility upgrade project, LANL ..................................................... 11,533 11,533 
07–D–220-04 Transuranic liquid waste facility, LANL ............................................................................ ........... 40,949 40,949 
06–D–141 PED/Construction, Uranium Capabilities Replacement Project Y–12 .................................................... 430 ,000 430,000 
04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy replacement project, LANL .................................................................... .... 155,610 155,610 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .............. 660,190 660,190 
Total, Readiness in technical base and facilities ...................................................................................................... 1,054,481 1,021,110 
Secure transportation asset 
Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ............................. 146,272 140,000 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 105,338 97,118 
Total, Secure transportation asset ............................................................................................................................ 251,610 237,118 
Infrastructure and safety 
Operations of facilities 
Kansas City Plant .............................................................................................................. ............................ 100,250 100,250 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ............... 70,671 70,671 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. .................... 196,460 196,460 
Nevada National Security Site .................................................................................................. ....................... 89,000 89,000 
Pantex ......................................................................................................................... .................................. 58,021 58,021 
Sandia National Laboratory ..................................................................................................... ...................... 115,300 115,300 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ........................... 80,463 80,463 
Y–12 National security complex ................................................................................................. ...................... 120,625 120,625 
Total, Operations of facilities ............................................................................................................................. 830,790 830,790 
Safety operations .............................................................................................................. .................................... 107,701 107,701 
Maintenance .................................................................................................................... .................................... 227,000 252,000 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... .................................... 257,724 307,724 
Construction: 
16–D–621 Substation replacement at TA–3, LANL .................................................................................. ........... 25,000 25,000 
15–D–613 Emergency Operations Center, Y–12 ..................................................................................... ............. 17,919 17,919 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .............. 42,919 42,919 
Total, Infrastructure and safety ............................................................................................................................... .1,466,134 1,541,134 
Site stewardship 
Nuclear materials integration .................................................................................................. .............................. 17,510 17,510 
Minority serving institution partnerships program .............................................................................. ................... 19,085 19,085 
Total, Site stewardship ............................................................................................................................... .............. 36,595 36,595 
Defense nuclear security 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................ 619,891 631,891 
Construction: 
14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NV ............................................................... ........ 13,000 13,000 
Total, Defense nuclear security ............................................................................................................................... .. 632,891 644,891 
Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ............................ 157,588 157,588 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .................................... 283,887 283,887 
Total, Weapons Activities ............................................................................................................................... ................. 8,846,948 8,802,797 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D 
Global material security ....................................................................................................... ........................... 426,751 422,949 
Material management and minimization ........................................................................................... ............... 311,584 311,584 
Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ..................... 126,703 126,703 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... ................ 419,333 419,333 
Nonproliferation Construction: 
99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ..................................................................... 3 45,000 345,000 
Analysis of Alternatives ....................................................................................................... ..................... 0 5,000 
Total, Nonproliferation construction ............................................................................................................ 345,000 350,000 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs ............................................................................................ 1,629,371 1,630,569 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .................................... 94,617 94,617 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.041 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6537 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ..................... 234,390 234,390 
Use of prior-year balances ..................................................................................................... ..................................... –18,076 –18,076 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ......................................................................................................................... 1,940,302 1,941,500 
Naval Reactors 
Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ............................ 445,196 445,196 
Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... .................................... 444,400 430,400 
Ohio replacement reactor systems development ................................................................................... .......................... 186,800 186,800 
S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 133,000 133,000 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 45,000 43,500 
Construction: 
15–D–904 NRF Overpack Storage Expansion 3 ...................................................................................... .................. 900 900 
15–D–903 KL Fire System Upgrade ................................................................................................ ......................... 600 600 
15–D–902 KS Engineroom team trainer facility ................................................................................... ..................... 3,100 3,100 
14–D–902 KL Materials characterization laboratory expansion, KAPL .............................................................. ....... 30,000 30,000 
14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ............... 86,000 86,000 
10-D–903, Security upgrades, KAPL .............................................................................................. ......................... 500 500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 121,100 121,100 
Total, Naval Reactors ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 1,375,496 1,359,996 
Federal Salaries And Expenses 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 402,654 388,000 
Total, Office Of The Administrator ............................................................................................................................... .. 402,654 388,000 
Defense Environmental Cleanup 
Closure sites: 
Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ............................... 4,889 4,889 
Hanford site: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ................ 196,957 268,957 
Central plateau remediation: 
Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... ........................ 555,163 555,163 
Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... ................... 14,701 14,701 
Construction: 
15–D–401 Containerized sludge removal annex, RL ................................................................................ ........... 77,016 77,016 
Total, Hanford site ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 843,837 915,837 
Idaho National Laboratory: 
Idaho cleanup and waste disposition ............................................................................................ ......................... 357,783 357,783 
Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ..................... 3,000 3,000 
Total, Idaho National Laboratory ............................................................................................................................. 360,783 360,783 
NNSA sites 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ..................... 1,366 1,366 
Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ....................................... 62,385 62,385 
Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ............................ 2,500 2,500 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. .......................... 188,625 188,625 
Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ..................................................................................................................... 254,876 254,876 
Oak Ridge Reservation: 
OR Nuclear facility D & D 
OR Nuclear facility D & D ...................................................................................................... ........................ 75,958 75,958 
Construction: 
14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ ....... 6,800 6,800 
Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D ........................................................................................................................ 82,758 82,758 
U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... .............................. 26,895 26,895 
OR cleanup and disposition: 
OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ....................... 60,500 60,500 
Total, OR cleanup and disposition ...................................................................................................................... 60,500 60,500 
OR reservation community and regulatory support ................................................................................ ...................... 4,400 4,400 
Solid waste stabilization and disposition 
Oak Ridge technology development ............................................................................................... ........... 2,800 2,800 
Total, Oak Ridge Reservation ............................................................................................................................... .... 177,353 177,353 
Office of River Protection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.041 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6538 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Waste treatment and immobilization plant 
01–D–416 A-D/ORP-0060 / Major construction ..................................................................................... .............. 595,000 595,000 
01–D–16E Pretreatment facility ................................................................................................. ....................... 95,000 95,000 
Total, Waste treatment and immobilization plant ............................................................................................... 690,000 690,000 
Tank farm activities 
Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ .............. 649,000 649,000 
Construction: 
15–D–409 Low Activity Waste Pretreatment System, Hanford ...................................................................... 7 5,000 75,000 
Total, Tank farm activities ............................................................................................................................... .. 724,000 724,000 
Total, Office of River protection ............................................................................................................................... .1,414,000 1,414,000 
Savannah River sites: 
Savannah River risk management operations ...................................................................................... ................... 386,652 389,652 
SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ ....................... 11,249 11,249 
Radioactive liquid tank waste: 
Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... .......... 581,878 581,878 
Construction: 
15–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #6 ............................................................................................ ............ 34,642 34,642 
05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River ........................................................................ .... 194,000 194,000 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... ........ 228,642 228,642 
Total, Radioactive liquid tank waste .................................................................................................................. 810,520 810,520 
Total, Savannah River site ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,208,421 1,211,421 
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 
Waste isolation pilot plant .................................................................................................... ................................ 212,600 212,600 
Construction: 
15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ....................................................... 23,218 2 3,218 
15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ......... 7,500 7,500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .. 30,718 30,718 
Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ................................................................................................................. 243,318 243,318 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 281,951 281,951 
Program support ................................................................................................................ ......................................... 14,979 14,979 
Safeguards and Security: 
Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ............................... 17,228 17,228 
Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 8,216 8,216 
Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 8,492 8,492 
Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... ................................ 67,601 67,601 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ................................. 128,345 128,345 
Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ............................... 4,860 4,860 
West Valley .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,891 1,891 
Technology development ......................................................................................................... .................................... 14,510 14,510 
Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup ....................................................................................................................... 5,055,550 5,130,550 
Uranium enrichment D&D fund contribution (Legislative proposal) ................................................................ .............. 471,797 0 
Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup ........................................................................................................................... 5,527,347 5,130,550 
Other Defense Activities 
Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ...................................... 221,855 217,952 
Environment, health, safety and security 
Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ....................... 120,693 120,693 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 63,105 63,105 
Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ........................................................................................................ 183,798 183,798 
Enterprise assessments 
Enterprise assessments ......................................................................................................... ................................. 24,068 24,068 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 49,466 49,466 
Total, Enterprise assessments ............................................................................................................................... .... 73,534 73,534 
Office of Legacy Management 
Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ............................... 154,080 154,080 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 13,100 13,100 
Total, Office of Legacy Management .......................................................................................................................... 167,180 167,180 
Defense-related activities 
Defense related administrative support 
Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ................................... 35,758 35,758 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.041 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6539 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Authorized 
Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... ................................. 83,800 83,800 
Management ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 3,000 3,000 
Total, Defense related administrative support .......................................................................................................... 122,558 122,558 
Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ................................... 5,500 5,500 
Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................................... ..... 774,425 770,522 
Total, Other Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... ......... 774,425 770,522 
And the Senate agree to the same. 
From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the House bill and the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
M
ACTHORNBERRY , 
J. R ANDY FORBES , 
JEFFMILLER , 
JOEWILSON , 
FRANK A. L OBIONDO , 
MICHAEL R. T URNER , 
JOHNKLINE, 
MIKEROGERS , 
BILLSHUSTER , 
K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
DOUGLAMBORN , 
ROBERT J. W ITTMAN , 
DUNCAN HUNTER , 
VICKY HARTZLER , 
JOSEPH J. H ECK, 
BRADR. W ENSTRUP , 
ELISE M. S TEFANIK , 
MADELEINE Z. B ORDALLO , 
As additional conferees, from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for con-sideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
PETER T. K ING, 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consid-eration of secs. 571 and 573 of the House bill and secs. 561–63 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
T
ODDROKITA , 
MIKEBISHOP , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 314, 632, 634, 3111–13, 3119, 3133, and 3141 of the House bill and secs. 601, 632, 3118, and 3119 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
F
REDUPTON , 
JOEBARTON , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 1011, 1059, 1090, 1092, 1201, 1203–05, 1215, 1221, 1223, 1226, 1234–36, 1247–49, 1253, 1257, 1263, 1264, 1267, 1270, 1301, 1532, 1541, 1542, 1663, 1668–70, 2802, 3118, and 3119 of the House bill and secs. 1011, 1012, 1082, 1201–05, 1207, 1209, 1223, 1225, 1228, 1251, 1252, 1261, 1264, 1265, 1272, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, 1631, 1654, and 1655 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
TOMMARINO , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee 
on Homeland Security, for consideration of secs. 589 and 1041 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
CANDICE S. M ILLER , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of secs. 1040, 1052, 1085, 1216, 1641, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 1032, 1034, 1090, and 1227 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
DARRELL E. ISSA, As additional conferees, from the Committee 
on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 312, 632, 634, 2841, 2842, 2851–53, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 313, 601, and 632 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
P
AULCOOK, 
CRESENT HARDY , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of secs. 602, 631, 634, 838, 854, 855, 866, 871, 1069, and 1101–05 of the House bill and secs. 592, 593, 631, 806, 830, 861, 1090, 1101, 1102, 1104, 1105, 1107–09, 1111, 1112, 1114, and 1115 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: 
W
ILLHURD, 
STEVE RUSSELL , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Rules, for consideration of sec. 1032 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
P
ETESESSIONS , 
BRADLEY BYRNE , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for con-sideration of sec. 3136 of the House bill and sec. 1613 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
F
RANK D. L UCAS , 
STEPHEN KNIGHT , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Small Business, for consideration of secs. 831–34, 839, 840, 842–46, 854, and 871 of the House bill and secs. 828, 831, 882, 883, and 885 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
S
TEVE CHABOT , 
RICHARD L. H ANNA , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of secs. 302, 562, 569, 570a, 591, 1060a, 1073, 2811, and 3501 of the House bill and secs. 601, 642, 1613, 3504, and 3505 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
G
ARRET GRAVES , 
CARLOS CURBELO , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Veterans Affairs, for consideration of secs. 565, 566, 592, 652, 701, 721, 722, 1105, and 1431 of the House bill and secs. 539, 605, 633, 719, 1083, 1084, 1089, 1091, and 1411 of the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
D
AVID P. R OE, 
GUSM. B ILIRAKIS , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
JOHNMCCAIN, 
JAMES M. I NHOFE , 
JEFFSESSIONS , 
ROGER F. W ICKER , 
KELLY AYOTTE , 
DEBFISCHER , 
TOMCOTTON , 
MIKEROUNDS , 
LINDSEY GRAHAM , 
JOEDONNELLY , 
TIMKAINE. 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF 
THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in ex-planation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the accompanying conference report: 
The Senate amendment struck all of the 
House bill after the enacting clause and in-serted a substitute text. 
The House recedes from its disagreement 
to the amendment of the Senate with an amendment that is a substitute for the House bill and the Senate amendment. The differences between the House bill, the Sen-ate amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for clerical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the conferees, and minor drafting and clari-fying changes. 
Compliance with rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives and Senate regarding earmarks and congressionally directed spending items 
Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives and Rule XLIV(3) of the Standing Rules of the Senate, neither this conference report nor the accompanying joint statement of man-agers contains any congressional earmarks, congressionally directed spending items, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits, as defined in such rules. 
Summary of discretionary authorizations and 
budget implication 
The budget request for national defense 
discretionary programs within the jurisdic-tion of the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives for fiscal year 2016 was $604.2 billion. Of this amount, $534.2 billion was requested for base Department of Defense programs, $50.9 bil-lion was requested for overseas contingency operations, and $19.0 billion was requested for national security programs in the De-partment of Energy and the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board. 
The conference agreement would authorize 
$604.2 billion in fiscal year 2016, including $496.4 billion for base Department of Defense programs, $89.2 billion for overseas contin-gency operations, and $18.6 billion for na-tional security programs in the Department of Energy and the Defense Nuclear Facilities 
Safety Board. 
The two tables preceding the detailed pro-
gram adjustments in Division D of the ac-companying joint statement of managers summarize the discretionary authorizations in the agreement and the equivalent budget authority levels for fiscal year 2016 defense programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.041 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6540 September 29, 2015 
Budgetary effects of this Act (sec. 4) 
The Senate committee-reported bill con-
tained a provision (sec. 4) that would require the budgetary effects of this Act be deter-mined in accordance with the procedures es-tablished in title I of the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–139). 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The agreement includes the Senate provi-
sion. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
T
ITLE I—P ROCUREMENT  
BUDGET ITEMS  
ARMY  
Stryker vehicle lethality upgrades 
The House bill contained an increase in 
funding for Stryker vehicle lethality up-grades of $35.0 million in Research, Develop-ment, Test & Evaluation, Army and $44.5 million in Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army respec-tively. 
The Senate amendment contained an in-
crease in these same funding areas of $97.0 million and $314.0 million, respectively. 
The conference report, in Sections 4101 and 
4102, includes increased funding in line with the Senate amendment. 
The conferees support the Army’s plan to 
upgrade 81 Stryker vehicles with increased lethality as requested by the U.S. Army Eu-rope in a recent Operational Need State-ment. The conferees understand the urgency for this requirement given heightened secu-rity concerns of our NATO partners due to Russian aggression in Ukraine. As such, the conferees expect the rapid production of fully serviceable, upgraded Strykers. In order to meet the compressed timeline for fielding upgraded Strykers to the 2nd Cav-alry Regiment, the conferees expect the Army to manage this program with dispatch and efficiency. Identified risks associated with cost, schedule, and performance are to be managed with focused controls and lead-ership. The conferees view this initiative, which is intended to increase the combat power of a forward deployed unit, as an op-portunity to succeed in accordance with sig-nificant acquisition reforms illustrated in many provisions within this bill. 
With regard to cost, the conferees note the 
Army currently plans on starting with exist-ing chassis of Stryker vehicles discarded during the upgrade to Double V Hull (DVH) Strykers. This approach appears to add sig-nificantly to the unit cost for the lethality upgrades which the Army has informed the defense committees may be approximately $4.5 million per vehicle. The conferees note that the Army already has extensive upgrade programs for the Stryker vehicle to include additional DVH Strykers and the Engineer-ing Change Proposal modernization program. It is unclear if the Army ultimately plans on adding the lethality initiative to DVH Strykers, including those equipped with the Engineering Change Proposal upgrade. The conferees are concerned that simply adding a broad Stryker lethality package for the Army’s Stryker Brigade Combat Teams could add billions of dollars to the already stressed resources of the combat vehicle portfolio. Therefore, the committee encour-ages the Army to reduce the unit cost of the Stryker lethality upgrade program and evaluate ways to more efficiently pursue up-grades to the Stryker vehicle fleet and Stryker Brigade Combat Teams. 
AIR FORCE  
C–130H Modifications 
The base budget request included $7.0 mil-
lion in Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, Line 44 for C–130. The House bill authorized a funding in-
crease in that line item of $73.2 million for the restructured C–130 Avionics Moderniza-tion Program (AMP) Increments I and II ($10.0 million), T–56 3.5 Engine Modification ($33.2 million), and Eight-bladed Propeller ($30.0 million). 
The Senate amendment would authorize an 
increase in that line item by $123.2 million for the restructured C–130 AMP Increments I and II ($75.0 million), T–56 3.5 Engine Modi-fication ($33.2 million), Electronic Propeller Control System ($13.5 million), and In-flight Propeller Balancing System certification ($1.5 million). 
The agreement authorizes a total funding 
increase for Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, Line 44 of $139.2 million for the re-structured C–130 AMP Increments I and II ($75.0 million), T–56 3.5 Engine Modification ($33.2 million), Eight-Bladed Propeller ($16.0 million), Electronic Propeller Control Sys-tem ($13.5 million), and In-flight Propeller Balancing System certification ($1.5 mil-lion). 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Authorization of appropriations (sec. 101) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
101) that would authorize the appropriations for procurement activities at the levels iden-tified in section 4101 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 101). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
Prioritization of upgraded UH–60 Blackhawk 
helicopters within Army National Guard (sec. 111) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
112) that would require the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau to issue guidance that prioritizes UH–60 helicopter upgrades within the Army National Guard to those units with the highest flight hour aircraft and highest utilization rates, as well as require the Chief to submit a report to the congressional de-fense committees within 30 days after issuing such guidance, that describes such guidance. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Roadmap for replacement of A/MH–6 Mission 
Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet spe-cial operations requirements (sec. 112) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
142) that would direct the Secretary of De-fense to submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy for the replacement of the A/MH–6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet requirements particular to 
special operations for future rotary-wing, light attack, and reconnaissance require-ments. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Report on Options to Accelerate Replacement of 
UH–60A Blackhawk Helicopters of Army National Guard (sec. 113) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
113) that would require the Secretary of the Army to submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees by March 1, 2016, containing detailed options for the potential acceleration of the replacement of all UH– 60A helicopters of the Army National Guard. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Sense of Congress on Tactical Wheeled Vehicle 
Protection Kits (sec. 114) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
114) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the survivability and operational 
performance benefits provided by tactical wheeled vehicle add-on armor protection kits for the Army’s heavy tactical wheeled vehicle fleet. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
Modification of CVN–78 class aircraft carrier 
program (sec. 121) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 114) that would amend subsection (f) of section 122 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as added by section 121(c) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 692), by adding a reporting requirement to the USS John F. Kennedy (CVN–79) quarterly report. Begin-ning January 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Navy would be required to submit, as part of the CVN–79 quarterly report, a description of new design and engineering changes to CVN– 78 class aircraft carriers that exceed $5.0 mil-lion and occurred during the reporting pe-riod. The provision would require the report to include program or ship cost increases for each design or engineering change and any cost reduction achieved. The Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations would each be required to sign this addi-tional reporting requirement and would be precluded from delegating the certification. The required certification would have to in-clude a determination that each change serves the national security interests of the United States; cannot be deferred to a future ship due to operational necessity, safety, or substantial cost reduction; and was reviewed and endorsed by the Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Amendment to cost limitation baseline for CVN– 
78 class aircraft carrier program (sec. 122) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 111) that would further amend sec-tion 122 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Pub-lic Law 109–364) as amended by section 121(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) by adjusting the procurement cost cap for USS John F. Kennedy (CVN–79) and subsequent CVN–78 class aircraft carriers from $11,498,000,000 to $11,398,000,000. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would add an additional amendment to section 121(b) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364), as amended by sec-tion 121(a) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66). The conferees recognize that the De-partment of the Navy has made considerable gains in controlling the cost of CVN–78 class aircraft carriers and believe further efforts at cost reduction are warranted. The current cost cap and cost estimate for CVN–79 is $11.5 billion, which includes only limited program management reserve for unforeseeable issues during CVN–79 construction. The conferees expect the Department to continue to em-ploy efforts to reduce costs on this ship class and accordingly are lowering the Congres-sional cap to $11.4 billion. However, if during construction of CVN–79 the Chief of Naval Operations determines that measures re-quired to complete the ship within the re-vised cost cap shall result in an unacceptable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.043 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6541 September 29, 2015 
reduction to the ship’s operational capa-
bility, the Secretary of the Navy may in-crease the CVN–79 cost cap up to $11.5 bil-lion. If such action is taken, the Secretary of the Navy shall adhere to the notification re-quirements specified in section 121(d) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364). 
The conferees note that section 122 of the 
John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364) 
set the cost cap for the lead ship at $10.5 bil-lion, plus adjustments for inflation and other factors, and at $8.1 billion for subsequent CVN–78 class carriers, plus adjustments for inflation and other factors. Section 122 was amended by section 121(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), which revised the cost cap for the lead ship to $12.9 billion, plus adjustments for inflation and other factors, and to $11.5 billion for subsequent CVN–78 class carriers, plus adjustments for inflation and other factors. The conferees understand 90 percent or $3.1 billion of the $3.4 billion in-crease in the cost cap for follow-on ships is attributable to economic inflation, which in-cludes actual inflation realized and updated projections of future inflation based on Navy shipbuilding inflation indices. In view of this significant cost growth attributed to infla-tion, the Congressional Budget Office is di-rected to provide a report to the congres-sional defense committees no later than De-cember 1, 2015 that includes the following elements: 
(1) Explanation of how inflation was cal-
culated and projected in the cost estimates for CVN–78 class aircraft carriers in each an-nual budget from fiscal year 2007 to fiscal year 2015; 
(2) Description of inflation rates for CVN– 
78, CVN–79, and CVN–80, by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2007 until the obligation work limiting date for each ship; 
(3) Comparison of projected inflation rates 
vs. actual inflation rates for CVN–78 class aircraft carriers, by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2007 to fiscal year 2015; 
(4) Explanation of the key factors that are 
used to plan for and calculate current and projected inflation rates for CVN–78 class aircraft carrier cost estimates; 
(5) Explanation of root causes of inflation 
escalation above the planned inflation as-sumed in CVN–78 class aircraft carrier cost estimates; and 
(6) Component-level explanation of the $3.1 
billion increase in the cost estimate for CVN–79 and following aircraft carriers at-tributable to economic inflation. 
Extension and modification of limitation on 
availability of funds for Littoral Combat Ship (sec. 123) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 116) that would amend section 123 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by extending the limitation on funds for LCS–25 and LCS–26 until pre-existing requirements are met and would additionally require the Navy to provide to the congressional defense committees the following: an acquisition strategy for LCS–25 through LCS–32; a LCS mission module acquisition strategy; a plan to outfit Flight 0 and Flight 0+ Littoral Combat Ships with capabilities identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship; and a current test and evaluation master plan for the Littoral Combat Ship mission modules. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. Modification to multiyear procurement author-
ity for Arleigh Burke-class destroyers and associated systems (sec. 124) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
121) that would amend section 123(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to clarify that the Secretary of the Navy has the au-thority to procure Flight III destroyers as part of the existing Arleigh Burke-class multiyear procurement authority. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. The Senate report accompanying S. 3254 
(S. Rept. 112–173) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 de-scribed Senate intent regarding the current multiyear procurement authority for Arleigh 
Burke -class destroyers and associated sys-
tems. The Senate report supported the change to buying Flight III destroyers through an engineering change proposal and the inclusion of such ships in the multiyear procurement authority, following submis-sion of a specified report. The House report accompanying H.R. 1960 (H. Rept. 113–102) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 expressed concern about the physical limitations associated with the in-tegration of the Air and Missile Defense Radar on the Flight III version of the Arleigh 
Burke -class destroyer and requested a report 
to assess this integration process. Having re-ceived the required reports, the conferees support the changes proposed by the Sec-retary of the Navy to integrate the Air and Missile Defense Radar into the Arleigh Burke - 
class destroyers and the addition of these Flight III ships to the current Arleigh Burke - 
class multiyear procurement contract. 
Procurement of additional Arleigh Burke class 
destroyer (sec. 125) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 117) that would allow the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a contract begin-ning with the fiscal year 2016 program year for the procurement of 1 Arleigh Burke -class 
destroyer in addition to the 10 DDG–51s in the fiscal year 2013 through 2017 multiyear procurement contract or for 1 DDG–51 in fis-cal year 2018. The Secretary may employ in-cremental funding for such procurement. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Refueling and complex overhaul of the USS 
George Washington (sec. 126) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
122) that would provide economic order quan-tity authority for the construction of two Ford-class aircraft carriers and incremental 
funding authority for the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of five Nimitz -class air-
craft carriers. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would limit new aircraft carrier pro-gram procurement authority to the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of USS George Washington (CVN–73). 
The Department of the Navy awarded a de-
tail design and construction contract for the USS John F. Kennedy (CVN–79) on June 5, 
2015. At the time of award, Program Execu-tive Officer (PEO), Aircraft Carriers, Rear Admiral Thomas Moore, indicated ‘‘. . . with a stable design, mature requirements and an improved build process, we will reduce con-struction hours by 18 percent, lower the cost to build the ship by almost $1 billion in real terms compared to CVN–78. . .’’. Following $2.4 billion in cost growth on the lead ship, CVN–78, the conferees are encouraged by the ongoing collaboration between the Depart-ment of the Navy and industry to achieve 
cost reductions. The conferees note that other ship construction programs have been able to reduce costs through acquisition effi-ciencies and economic order decisions. Therefore, to better assess acquisition op-tions, the conferees direct the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees by March 1, 2016, that provides an assessment of the merits as-sociated with using economic order quantity procurement with CVN–80 and CVN–81. This report should assess the specific aircraft car-rier components that would be best suited to include in a potential economic order quan-tity contract, and the estimated cost savings that could be achieved using this procure-ment authority. 
Fleet replenishment oiler program (sec. 127) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 118) that would grant the Secretary of the Navy contracting authority to procure up to six fleet replenishment oilers (T– AO(X)). This new ship class is a non-develop-mental recapitalization program based on existing commercial technology and stand-ards. The ship design is considered to be low risk by the Navy, with the design scheduled to be complete prior to the start of construc-tion on the lead ship. This provision would enable an estimated $45.0 million in savings per ship, for ships 2–6, for a total of $225.0 million in savings compared to current an-nual procurement cost estimates. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Limitation on availability of funds for USS John 
F. Kennedy (CVN–79) (sec. 128) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 112) that would limit $100.0 million in Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy pro-curement funds for USS John F. Kennedy 
(CVN–79) subject to the submission of a cer-tification regarding full ship shock trials and two reports. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would provide the Secretary of Defense with waiver authority to delay full ship shock trials on the USS Gerald R. Ford (CVN– 
78) until after the ship’s first deployment but prior to the first major maintenance avail-ability. 
Limitation on availability of funds for USS En-
terprise (CVN–80) (sec. 129) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 113) that would limit $191.4 million in advance procurement funds for USS Enter-
prise (CVN–80), until the Secretary of the 
Navy submits a certification and report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives. $191.4 million is the sum of funding requested for plans (detailed) and basic construction for CVN–80. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require submission of the certifi-cation and report to all four congressional defense committees, as well as require the certification be provided within 90 days of enactment of this Act. 
Limitation on availability of funds for Littoral 
Combat Ship (sec. 130) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 115) that would limit 75 percent of fiscal year 2016 funds for research and devel-opment, design, construction, procurement or advance procurement of materials for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ships (LCS), des-ignated as LCS–33 and subsequent, until the Secretary of the Navy submits to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.044 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6542 September 29, 2015 
of the House of Representatives: a capabili-
ties-based assessment to assess capability gaps and associated capability requirements and risks for the upgraded LCS, an updated capabilities development document for the upgraded LCS, and a report describing the upgraded LCS modernization. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that changes the limitation to 50 percent of fiscal year 2016 funds and allows for a capa-bilities-based assessment or equivalent re-port. 
Reporting requirement for Ohio-class replace-
ment submarine program (sec. 131) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 119) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit Ohio-class re-
placement submarine cost tracking informa-tion, together with annual budget justifica-tion materials. While the first Ohio-class re-
placement submarine is not planned to be authorized until fiscal year 2021, the national importance of this program and significant cost will continue to merit close oversight by the congressional defense committees. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
Backup inventory status of A–10 aircraft (sec. 
141) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
132) that would amend section 133(b)(2)(A) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3316) to where the Secretary of the Air Force may not move more than 18 A–10 air-craft in the active component to backup fly-ing status pursuant to an authorization made by the Secretary of Defense under such section. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Prohibition on availability of funds for retire-
ment of A–10 aircraft. (sec. 142) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
133) that would prohibit the use of any funds during fiscal year 2016 to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage any A–10 aircraft. The provision would also require the Sec-retary of the Air Force to maintain a min-imum of 171 A–10 aircraft in primary mission aircraft inventory (combat-coded) status. The provision would also direct the Sec-retary of the Air Force to commission an independent entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the required capabilities and mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 134). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that aligns technical provisions of both versions and refers to sec. 141 regarding mov-ing A–10 aircraft to backup inventory status. 
Prohibition on availability of funds for retire-
ment of EC–130H Compass Call aircraft (sec. 143) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
134) that would prohibit funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of the Air Force to be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on back up flying status any EC–130H aircraft. The provision would also require the Secretary of the Air Force to commission an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace the EC–130H aircraft, and to submit a report on that assessment to the congressional de-fense committees not later than September 
30, 2016, and would also prohibit the Sec-retary of the Air Force from retiring, pre-paring to retire, placing in storage or placing on back up flying status any EC–130H air-craft until 60 days after the Secretary sub-mits the specified report. 
The Senate bill contained a similar provi-
sion (sec. 135). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
changing the prohibition limitation date to December 31, 2016, and combining the report requirements from the House and Senate versions. 
Prohibition on availability of funds for retire-
ment of Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System, EC–130H Compass Call, and Airborne Warning and Control System air-craft (sec. 144) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 138) that would limit the retire-ment of Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS), EC–130H Compass Call, and Airborne Early Warning and Con-trol System (AWACS) aircraft until the fol-low-on replacement aircraft program enters low-rate initial production. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
change the provision to apply only in fiscal years 2016 or 2017, and other technical clari-fications. The provision would not apply to individual aircraft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a case-by-case basis, determines an individual aircraft to be non-operational be-cause of mishaps, other damage, or being un-economical to repair. 
Limitation on availability of funds for F–35A 
aircraft procurement (sec. 145) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 133) that would limit the avail-ability of fiscal year 2016 funds for F–35A procurement to not more than $4.3 billion until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that F–35A aircraft delivered in fiscal year 2018 will have full combat capability with cur-rently planned Block 3F hardware, software, and weapons carriage. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
amend the certification level from the Sec-retary of Defense to the Secretary of the Air Force, and to amend the effective date of certification criteria from ‘‘full combat ca-pability as currently planned . . .’’ to ‘‘full combat capability, as determined on the date of enactment of this Act . . .’’ 
Prohibition on availability of funds for retire-
ment of KC–10 aircraft (sec. 146) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
135) that would prohibit any funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force to be obligated or expended during such fiscal year to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or transfer, KC–10 air-craft. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment to 
change the provision to apply only in fiscal years 2016 or 2017. The provision would not include the prohibition on transfer of air-craft, and would not apply to an individual KC–10 aircraft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a case-by-case basis, determines the aircraft to be non-operational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneco-nomical to repair. 
Limitation on availability of funds for transfer 
of C–130 aircraft (sec. 147) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 136) that would limit the avail-ability of all funds authorized to be appro-
priated for the transfer from one facility of the Department of Defense to another any C– 130H aircraft, initiate any C–130 manpower authorization adjustments, retire or prepare to retire any C–130H aircraft, or close any C– 130H unit until 90 days after the date on 
which the Secretary of the Air Force, in con-sultation with the Secretary of the Army, and after certification by the commanders of the XVIII Airborne Corps, 82nd Airborne Di-vision, and United States Army Special Op-erations Command, certified that the Air Force would maintain dedicated C–130 wings to support the daily training of Army air-borne and special operations units, and the failure to maintain such Air Force oper-ations would not adversely impact the daily training requirement of those airborne and special operations units. 
The House bill contained a similar provi-
sion (sec. 1060c). 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would change the required certification to be made by the Secretaries and Chiefs of Staff of the Army and the Air Force, in con-sultation with the commanders of the XVIIIth Airborne Corps, 82d Airborne Divi-sion, and Army Special Operations Com-mand. The amendment also contains other minor technical clarifications. 
Limitation on availability of funds for executive 
communications upgrades for C–20 and C–37 aircraft (sec. 148) 
The House bill contained a provision (Sec. 
131) that would limit availability of funds to upgrade the executive communications of C– 20 and C–37 aircraft until the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to certain specified criteria. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Limitation on use of funds for T–1A Jayhawk 
aircraft (sec. 149) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 137) that would limit all the funds authorized or appropriated by this Act or that otherwise may be obligated or expended for fiscal year 2016 for avionics modifications to the T–1A Jayhawk aircraft until 30 days after the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees the report required under section 142 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
amend the provision to state: ‘‘Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, for avi-onics modification to the T–1A Jayhawk air-craft, not more than 85 percent may be obli-gated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees the report required under section 142 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3320).’’ 
Notification of retirement of B–1, B–2, and B–52 
bomber aircraft (sec. 150) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 131) that would limit the retire-ment of B–1, B–2, or B–52 bomber aircraft during a fiscal year prior to initial oper-ational capability of the Long Range Strike Bomber unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tified to specified criteria in the materials submitted in support of the budget of the President for that fiscal year as submitted to Congress. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.045 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6543 September 29, 2015 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would change the limitation to a notifi-cation requiring that in the period before the date of initial operational capability of the long-range strike bomber aircraft, before re-tiring or preparing to retire any B–1, B–2, or B–52 bomber aircraft the Secretary of the Air Force includes in the defense budget mate-rials a notification of the proposed retire-ment including the rationale for the retire-ment, the effects of the retirement, and how the Secretary will mitigate any risks relat-ing to the retirement. The provision would not apply to individual B–1, B–2, or B–52 air-craft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a case-by-case basis, determines the aircraft to be non-operational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
Inventory requirement for fighter aircraft of the 
Air Force (sec. 151) 
The Senate amendment included a provi-
sion (sec. 132) that would amend section 8062 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new subsection requiring the Secretary of the Air Force to maintain a minimum total active inventory of 1,950 fighter aircraft, within which the Secretary would also be re-quired to maintain a minimum of 1,116 fight-er aircraft as primary mission aircraft in-ventory (combat-coded). The provision would also provide additional limitations on fight-er retirements by requiring the Secretary of the Air Force to certify to certain specified criteria, and also require a detailed report in advance of retiring fighter aircraft. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
strike the amendment to section 8062 of title 10, change the limitation period to a 2-year period beginning on October 1, 2015, and re-duce the minimum numbers of fighters re-quired to be maintained by the Air Force to 1,900 total aircraft inventory and 1,100 pri-mary mission aircraft inventory (combat- coded). The amendment would also eliminate the certification and detailed report require-ments, and require specified information in a report to be included in the material sub-mitted in support of the budget for a par-ticular fiscal year, if proposing the retire-ment of fighter aircraft in that fiscal year’s budget. The report would not apply to indi-vidual fighter aircraft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a case-by-case basis, deter-mines the aircraft to be non-operational be-cause of mishaps, other damage, or being un-economical to repair. 
The conferees recognize that based on the 
2010 Quadrennial Defense Review, the Air Force determined through extensive analysis that a force structure of 1,200 primary mis-sion aircraft and 2,000 total aircraft is re-quired to execute the National Defense Strategy with increased operational risk. Subsequently, based on the 2012 Defense Strategic Guidance and fiscal constraints, analysis showed the Air Force could decrease fighter force structure capacity by approxi-mately 100 additional aircraft; however, at an even higher level of risk. 
The conferees agree reductions in fighter 
force capacity below the 1,900 total and 1,100 combat-coded inventory levels, in light of ongoing and anticipated operations in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, coupled with a potential delay of force withdrawals from Afghanistan and a revanchist Russia, poses excessive risk to the Air Force’s ability to execute the Na-tional Defense Strategy, causes remaining fighter squadrons to deploy more frequently, and drives even lower readiness rates across the combat air forces. 
Sense of Congress regarding the OCONUS bas-
ing of F–35A aircraft (sec. 152) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 139) that would express the sense of Congress regarding basing of the F–35A air-
craft outside of the continental United States. 
The House bill contained a similar provi-
sion (sec. 136). 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
make technical and clarifying corrections. 
Subtitle E—Defense-Wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
Limitation on availability of funds for Joint 
Battle Command-Platform (sec. 161) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
141) that would require the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Acquisition, Logis-tics, and Technology to submit a report by March 1, 2016, to the congressional defense committees that addresses the effectiveness, suitability, and survivability shortfalls of the joint battle command—platform equip-ment identified by the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation in the Director’s fiscal year 2014 annual report to Congress. This section would also further limit the ob-ligation or expenditure of 25 percent of the funds for the joint battle command–platform until 30 days after the Assistant Secretary submits such a report. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Report on Army and Marine Corps moderniza-
tion plan for small arms (sec. 162) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 151) that would require the Secre-taries of the Army and Navy to jointly sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the plan of the Army and Marine Corps to modernize small arms. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Study on use of different types of enhanced 
5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps (sec. 163) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
144) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the use of two dif-ferent types of 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that requires the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) such as the Center for Naval Analyses (CNA) to conduct a study on the use of two dif-ferent types of enhanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. The con-ferees note that the CNA has conducted simi-lar studies on small arms and small caliber ammunition and believe the CNA could meet the requirements of this study. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Limitation on Availability of Funds for AN/ 
TPQ–53 Radar Systems 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
111) that would limit the obligation or ex-penditure of 25 percent of the funds for AN/ TPQ–53 radar systems until 30 days after the date on which the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Tech-nology submits to the congressional defense committees a review of the current delega-tion of acquisition authority to the Program Executive Officer for Missiles and Space. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. Stationing of C–130 H aircraft avionics pre-
viously modified by the Avionics Moderniza-tion Program (AMP) in support of daily training and contingency requirements for Airborne and Special Operations Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 120) that would require the Sec-retary of the Air Force to station aircraft previously modified by the C–130 Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) to support United States Army Airborne and United States Army Special Operations Command unit daily training and contingency require-ments in fiscal year 2017, and not require the aircraft to deploy in the normal rotation of C–130H units. The provision would also re-quire the Secretary to provide such per-sonnel as required to maintain and operate the aircraft. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees agree the Air Force must de-
velop a plan that incorporates the five C– 130H aircraft previously modified with the AMP upgrade, the four purchased AMP in-stallation kits, the associated simulator equipment, and sustainment and training software into the restructured AMP Incre-ments I and II effort. The conferees also di-rect the Air Force to provide a briefing on this plan to the congressional defense com-mittees not later than 60 days after enact-ment of this Act. The conferees agree the American taxpayers to date have expended considerable funds on the C–130 AMP and de-serve to receive maximum value for that ex-penditure. 
Sense of Congress on F–16 Active Electronically 
Scanned Array (AESA) radar upgrade 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 140) that would express the sense of Congress on F–16 Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radar upgrades that it is essential to our Nation’s defense that: (1) Air Force aircraft modification funding be made available to purchase AESA radars as the Air Force bridges the gap between 4th- and 5th-generation fighters; (2) The U.S. Government must invest in radar upgrades to ensure 4th-generation aircraft succeed at zero-fail missions; and (3) The First Air Force Joint Urgent Operational Needs re-quest should be met as soon as possible. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sions. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees agree on the importance 
that should be accorded to funding AESA radar upgrades for existing aircraft. 
Stryker Lethality Upgrades 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 161) that would authorize an in-crease in funding for Stryker vehicle lethality upgrades of $97.0 million in Re-search, Development, Test & Evaluation, Army and $314.0 million in Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army respectively. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The outcome is reflected in the tables of 
this report in Sections 4101 and 4201 and in-cludes additional funding in line with the Senate amendment. 
T
ITLE II—R ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
ANDEVALUATION  
BUDGET ITEMS  
Unmanned Carrier-Launched Airborne Surveil-
lance and Strike System 
The budget request included $134.7 million 
in PE 64501N for the Unmanned Carrier- Launched Airborne Surveillance and Strike (UCLASS) system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.046 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6544 September 29, 2015 
The House bill would authorize the budget 
request. 
The Senate amendment would not approve 
the request in PE 64501N due to contracting delays caused by waiting on the results of the Department of Defense Intelligence Sur-veillance, and Reconnaissance Strategic Portfolio Review. These delays resulted in the Navy’s having excess fiscal year 2015 funds in the program. The Senate amend-ment would instead provide an additional $725.0 million in Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-wide, including $350.0 million for continued development and risk reduction activities of the Unmanned Combat Air System Demonstration (UCAS– D) aircraft that would benefit the overall UCLASS program, and $375.0 million to be used for a competitive prototyping of at least two follow-on air systems that move the Department toward a UCLASS program capable of long-range strike in a contested environment. 
The conferees believe that the Navy should 
develop a penetrating, air-refuelable, un-manned carrier-launched aircraft capable of performing a broad range of missions in a non-permissive environment. The conferees believe that such an aircraft should be de-signed for full integration into carrier air wing operations—including strike oper-ations—and possess the range, payload, and survivability attributes as necessary to com-plement such integration. Although the De-fense Department could develop land-based unmanned aircraft with attributes to sup-port the air wing, the conferees believe that the United States would derive substantial strategic and operational benefits from oper-ating such aircraft from a mobile seabase that is self-deployable and not subject to the caveats of a host nation. 
Therefore, the conferees recommend an in-
crease of $350.0 million to the UCLASS pro-gram and direct the Secretary of Defense to use these funds to conduct competitive air vehicle risk reduction activities that would lead to fielding penetrating, air-refuelable, UCLASS air vehicles capable of performing a broad range of missions in a non-permissive environment. 
The conferees direct the Navy to leverage 
both the lessons learned from the UCAS–D program and the existence of two oper-ational UCAS–D demonstrator aircraft in support of these efforts. The conferees also encourage the Secretaries of Defense and the Navy to consider all appropriate flexible ac-quisition authorities granted in law and in this Act, including those for rapid proto-typing. Finally, the conferees recommend that any contractual arrangements executed with this funding provide the Navy with suf-ficient technical data rights to support a subsequent competitive prototyping, follow- on development, or future multiple-sourced production efforts. 
The conferees look forward to reviewing 
the results of the Department of Defense In-telligence Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Strategic Portfolio Review and also the re-port directed in section 217 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
Integrated personnel and pay system for Army 
The budget request included $136.0 million 
in PE 65018A for the Integrated Personnel and Pay System—Army (IPPS–A). 
The House bill included the full requested 
amount. 
The Senate amendment included $86.0 mil-
lion for IPPS–A, a reduction of $50.0 million. 
The conference agreement authorizes $121.0 
million in PE 65018A for the Integrated Per-sonnel and Pay System—Army (IPPS–A). Elsewhere in this Act, the conferees include a legislative provision that limits obligation of funds for the program, until provision of a 
required report to Congress on program plans. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Authorization of appropriations (sec. 201) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
201) that would authorize the appropriations for research, development, test, and evalua-tion activities at the levels identified in sec-tion 4201 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 201). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineer-
ing Partnership (sec. 211) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 211) that would authorize a pro-gram to enhance the Department of Defense laboratories with innovative academic and industry partners in research and develop-ment activities. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Expansion of eligibility for financial assistance 
under Department of Defense Science, Mathematics, and Research for Trans-formation program to include citizens of countries participating in The Technical Cooperation Program (sec. 212) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 216) that would expand the Depart-ment of Defense’s Science, Mathematics, and Research for Transformation (SMART) pro-gram to include students from the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, and Can-ada. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement includes the 
provision with an amendment to cap the number of new foreign students entering the program at five per year. The conferees be-lieve that this cap will help to ensure that the majority of the students in the program are U.S. citizens, while also giving the De-partment the flexibility to include foreign students on a trial basis. The conferees also believe that this cap will allow the Depart-ment the opportunity to work out proce-dures and processes for the potential expan-sion to include other kinds of foreign stu-dents, should the Secretary of Defense deter-mine that is in the national security inter-est. 
Expansion of education partnerships to support 
technology transfer and transition (sec. 213) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
221) that would allow institutions that sup-port technology transition or transfer activi-ties, such as business schools or law schools with technology management programs, to participate in education partnerships with Defense laboratories, as authorized in Sec-tion 2194 of title 10, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The conference agreement includes the 
provision with amendments that would clar-ify to which institutions such authorities would extend, authorize a sabbatical and in-ternship program for university faculty and students to work in Defense laboratories, and provide additional emphasis on tech-nology transfer and transition projects. The conferees believe that these amendments, taken together, would strengthen the pur-pose of the provision, which is to ensure that education partnerships are available for those wishing to engage in technology trans-fer or transition, in addition to traditional research projects. Improvement to coordination and communica-
tion of Defense research activities (sec. 214) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
231) that would improve the coordination and communication of defense research activities and technology domain awareness. The House bill directs the Secretary of Defense to promote, monitor, and evaluate programs not only among Defense research facilities, but also among other government facilities, as well as commercial and university enti-ties. The House bill would also encourage the Department to achieve full awareness of sci-entific and technological advancement and innovation throughout the technology do-main. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would add additional direction to the Secretary of Defense to develop and dis-tribute clear technical communications to all internal and external entities. The con-ferees believe it is important that the De-partment more completely and robustly con-vey successes of Defense research and engi-neering activities. 
The Senate amendment would also direct 
the Secretary of Defense to ensure that pub-licly-funded Defense research facilities sup-port national technological development goals and technological missions of other federal agencies, as appropriate. The con-ferees believe that taxpayer funds used for scientific research should be used in support of the best interests of the U.S. government as a whole. 
Reauthorization of Global Research Watch pro-
gram (sec. 215) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 214) that would reauthorize the Global Research Watch program for an addi-tional 10 years. The Senate provision would also expand the responsibilities of the pro-gram to include private sector entities, in addition to foreign governments. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Reauthorization of Defense research and devel-
opment Rapid Innovation Program (sec. 216) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
211) that would extend the authorization for the Department of Defense to execute activi-ties for the Rapid Innovation Program through 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 213) that would reauthor-ize the Rapid Innovation Program for 5 years. The Senate provision would also make technical changes to the program’s guide-lines and reporting requirements. 
The conference agreement contains the 
Senate provision with a technical edit from the House to extend the program through 2023. The conferees believe that it would be more effective to extend the program in a manner consistent with the end of the next program objective memorandum. 
Science and technology activities to support 
business systems information technology ac-quisition programs (sec. 217) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 215) that would mandate the estab-lishment of science and technology activities that would help reduce the technical risk and life cycle costs of major information technology acquisition programs. The provi-sion would require the Department to fund appropriate research, development, and ca-pability-building activities to make it a ‘‘smarter buyer’’ of these programs. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement includes the 
provision with an amendment directing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.047 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6545 September 29, 2015 
Department to conduct a gap analysis to 
identify relevant activities that are not being pursued in the current science and technology program. 
The conferees recognize and appreciate 
that the Department does currently engage in some activities that address those de-scribed in this provision and the original re-port language from the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee. However, the conferees note with dismay the significant gaps in activi-ties and technologies continue to exist. Ex-amples of these gaps include lack of support for business process re-engineering, for low-ering costs of customization of commercial software, for lowering maintenance costs, for open architectures, for engagement with management schools and small businesses, and for the conversion of legacy software to modern systems. The conferees remain con-cerned that such gaps in science and tech-nology activities related to business systems information technology acquisition, if left unaddressed, have the potential to severely hamper the Department’s ability to field a modern and efficient information technology enterprise that meets the current and future needs of the Department. 
Department of Defense technology offset pro-
gram to build and maintain the techno-logical superiority of the United States (sec. 218) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 212) that would establish and ini-tiative within the Department of Defense to maintain and enhance the military techno-logical superiority of the United States. The provision would establish a program to ac-celerate the fielding of offset technologies, including, but not limited to, directed en-ergy, low-cost high-speed munitions, autono-mous systems, undersea warfare, cyber tech-nology, and intelligence data analytics, de-veloped by the department and to accelerate the commercialization of such technologies. The provision would also direct the Sec-retary to establish updated policies and new acquisition and management practices that would speed delivery of offset technologies into operational use. The provision would authorize $400.0 million for fiscal year 2016 for initiative, of which $200.0 million would be authorized specifically for directed en-ergy. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision with an amendment to remove the requirement for a strategy on the develop-ment of directed energy technologies. 
The conferees are aware of the challenges 
facing the Department in maintaining tech-nological superiority with regards to poten-tial future adversaries. In authorizing the technology offset program in this provision, the conferees recognize the need for the De-partment to have sufficient flexibility and resources to make sound strategic decisions for technology investment to respond to a more dire future security environment. The conferees note that the Department has a number of initiatives, such as the Defense Innovation Initiative, and the Long-Range Research and Development Plan, to help guide those investments. 
In particular, the Armed Services Commit-
tees of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives have been focused on the role directed energy weapons will have in our fu-ture security environment, and have been proponents of maturing directed energy technologies to transition them to the warfighting community as quickly as pos-sible. The conferees are aware that the De-partment and the military services have var-ious roadmaps for deploying these tech-nologies, and consider this fund a major forc-ing function to drive accelerated develop-
ment and transition. 
To better understand how the funds au-
thorized in this section, in combination with other funds for directed energy programs, will be used to identify and transition prom-ising directed energy technologies to the warfighting community, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a brief-ing to the Armed Services Committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives no later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act. This briefing should include: 
1) A description of a program management 
process for the identification of directed en-ergy efforts, including prototyping or exer-cise opportunities, where additional funding may support accelerated transition to urgent operational needs or programs of record; 
2) A description of coordination mecha-
nisms between services and agencies under-taking directed energy activities, including coordination of science and technology prototyping, and programs of record; 
3) An identification of challenges from the 
warfighting community currently impeding the adoption of or confidence in directed en-ergy weapons systems. 
4) An identification of policy, regulatory, 
or legislative impediments or challenges that currently constrain accelerated transi-tion to the warfighting community; and 
(5) Recommendations for how to improve 
the department’s ability to transition prom-ising directed energy technology initiatives to the warfighting community. 
Limitation on availability of funds for F–15 in-
frared search and track capability develop-ment (sec. 219) 
The House bill contained a provision (Sec. 
213) that would limit the availability of funds for fiscal year 2016 for the research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation of F–15 in-frared search and track capabilities until 30 days after the Secretary of Defense submits a specified report. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Limitation on availability of funds for develop-
ment of the shallow water combat submers-ible (sec. 220) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
225) that would require a briefing to the con-gressional defense committees on the U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) Shal-low Water Combat Submersible (SWCS) pro-gram. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 218) that would prohibit the ex-penditure of more than 25 percent of the funds available for the SWCS program for fiscal year 2016 until the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Lo-gistics designates a civilian official within his office responsible for providing oversight and assistance to SOCOM for all undersea mobility programs and, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Spe-cial Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict, provides the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the SWCS program. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would modify to 50 percent the amounts available for the SWCS program and modify associated reporting requirements. 
Limitation on availability of funds for Medical 
Countermeasures Program (sec. 221) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
212) that would limit the obligation and ex-penditure of 50 percent of the funds made available for the Department of Defense Medical Countermeasures program within the Chemical-Biological Defense Program until the Secretary of Defense provides a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees that validates the requirements and 
conducts an independent cost-benefit anal-ysis to justify funding and efficiencies. This section would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a re-view of the certification to the congressional defense committees within 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits his re-port. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The conference agreement contains the 
House provision with an amendment that would decrease the limitation from 50 per-cent to 25 percent pertaining only to those funds used for research development test and evaluation (RDT&E) activities in the Ad-vanced Development and Manufacturing fa-cility per se and not all the RDT&E activi-ties associated with the Medical Counter-measures Program. 
The conferees further note that Consistent 
with GAO report 15–257 (June 2015), the Sec-retary shall report to the congressional de-fense committees no later than February 28, 2016 on the designation of an individual re-sponsible for managing infrastructure for the Department of Defense Chemical and Bio-logical defense programs, to include shared- use facilities such as those within the Ad-vanced Development and Manufacturing pro-gram, in order to minimize duplication of ef-fort within the Department of Defense and other agencies of the federal government. The Secretary of defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of the ap-pointment of such individual no later than 15 days after such designation. Further, the conferees direct the Comptroller General to review the roles and responsibilities of the official designated to be responsible for in-frastructure management, and to brief the congressional defense committees no later than March 31, 2016. 
Limitation on availability of funds for distrib-
uted common ground system of the Army (sec. 222) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 219) that would limit the amount of funds available to be obligated or expended by the Secretary of the Army to not more than 75 percent of the amounts authorized to be obligated for fiscal year 2016 until a re-view of the program planning for the distrib-uted common ground system of the Army is submitted to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. 
The House bill contained a similar provi-
sion (sec. 1624). 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Limitation on availability of funds for distrib-
uted common ground system of the United States Special Operations Command (sec. 223) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1625) that would limit the availability of funds for the Special Operations Command’s Distributed Common Ground System to 75 percent of the funds authorized to be obli-gated by the program until the Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command con-ducts a review of the program planning and submits the findings of such review to the congressional defense committees and the congressional intelligence committees and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 220) that would limit the availability of research, development, test, and evaluation funds for the distributed common ground system of the U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) until the Commander of SOCOM submits a report to the congressional defense committees. 
The House recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.048 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6546 September 29, 2015 
Integrated personnel and pay system for Army 
(sec. 224) 
The conference agreement includes a pro-
vision (sec. 224) that would limit the ability of the Secretary of the Army to obligate more than 75 percent of the total authorized amount of fiscal year 2016 program funds for Integrated Personnel and Pay System-Army (IPPS–A) program until the Secretary of the Army provides a report to the congressional defense committees on the performance of legacy systems, changes in human resources organization and financial system capabili-ties, and alternatives to the current cost of IPPS–A. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Streamlining the Joint Federated Assurance 
Center (sec. 231) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 217) that would streamline the De-partment of Defense’s Joint Federated As-surance Center by eliminating an unneces-sary layer of bureaucracy between the Cen-ter’s steering group and its working groups. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Demonstration of persistent close air support ca-
pabilities (sec. 232) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 233) that would require the Sec-
retary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Army, and the Director of the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to jointly conduct a demonstration of the Persistent Close Air Support (PCAS) capa-bility in fiscal year 2016. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
strike the phrase ‘‘as identified by the United States Air Force Close Air Support Forum’’ from subparagraph (b)(1). The amendment would also replace all occur-rences of the word ‘‘shall’’ with ‘‘may,’’ and add a paragraph directing a briefing to the congressional defense committees by Decem-ber 1, 2016 on the assessment of demonstra-tion results and cost estimates for transition of any desired technologies. 
The conferees strongly encourage the three 
parties to conduct the PCAS demonstration, as the benefits would likely provide a large payoff in increased capability for what is es-timated to be minimal resource investment. In response to the challenge of diverse plat-forms and user populations of the close air support mission, the Joint Requirements Oversight Council, in 2009, in its Close Air Support Capabilities-Based Assessment, rec-ommended that ‘‘Platforms should field flexible systems that utilize an improved ar-chitecture which migrates the processing of digital messages to a Commercial-off-the- Shelf (COTS) based processor and away from the [aircraft] operational flight programs.’’ 
The conferees observe that with repeated 
Air Force proposals to retire their fleet of A– 10 aircraft, the integration of game-changing and relatively inexpensive technologies to improve close air support mission operations and results on other platforms could be bene-ficial in assuaging concerns of divesting a particular aircraft, even a type with close air support as its primary mission. 
The conferees also agree that the Director 
of DARPA should provide resources to the maximum extent practical to minimize costs borne by the participating Services to ac-complish the demonstration activities. 
Strategies for engagement with historically 
black colleges and universities and minor-ity-serving institutions of higher education (sec. 233) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
222) that would require the Secretaries of the military departments to each develop a 
strategy for engagement with and support of the development of scientific, technical, en-gineering, and mathematics capabilities with historically black colleges and univer-sities and minority-serving institutions. The provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to develop a strategy that encom-passes the strategies developed by the mili-tary departments. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that ensures that such strategies are devel-oped by all organizations within the Depart-ment of Defense that are engaged in basic re-search, thereby broadening the provision to cover all appropriate Defense entities. 
The conferees note that in implementing 
the requirements of this provision, the Sec-retary of Defense may seek information from the directorates of the Louis Stokes Alli-ances for Minority Participation program (LSAMP) and Historically Black Colleges and Universities Undergraduate Program (HBCU–UP) of the National Science Founda-tion; the American Association for the Ad-vancement of Science; the Emerging Re-searchers National Conference in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics; the University of Florida Institute for Afri-can-American Mentoring in Computing Sciences (IAAMCS); the Hispanic Associa-tion of Colleges and Universities; the Na-tional Indian Education Association; and such other institutions, organizations, or as-sociations as the Secretary deems useful. 
Report on commercial-off-the-shelf wide-area 
surveillance systems for Army tactical un-manned aerial systems (sec. 234) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
229) that would express the Sense of Congress on the capabilities provided by unmanned aerial systems that use wide area surveil-lance sensors. The provision would also re-quire the Secretary of the Army to conduct a market survey and flight assessment of commercial-off-the-shelf wide area surveil-lance sensors suitable for insertion on Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the sense of Congress, modify the reporting requirements for the market survey, require an assessment of cur-rent wide area surveillance systems that are currently used or could be used on Army tac-tical unmanned aerial systems, as well as re-quire the Secretary of the Army to assess the advisability and feasibility of upgrading wide area surveillance systems for Army tac-tical unmanned aerial systems. 
Report on Tactical Combat Training System In-
crement II (sec. 235) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
230) that would direct the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report to the congressional defense committees, not later than January 29, 2016, on the baseline and alternatives to the Navy’s Tactical Air Combat Training Sys-tem Increment II. The provision would also limit the Navy from approving or desig-nating a contract award for the specified sys-tem until 15 days after the date of the sub-mittal of the report. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
striking subparagraph (c) to remove the lim-itation. 
Report on technology readiness levels of the 
technologies and capabilities critical to the long range strike bomber aircraft (sec. 236) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 235) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit to Congress, not 
later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, a report on the Technology Readiness Levels and capabilities critical to the Long Range Strike Bomber aircraft. The provision would also require the Comptroller General 
of the United States to review the Sec-retary’s report and submit an assessment to the congressional defense committees. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
have the Secretary report to the congres-sional defense committees. 
Assessment of Air-Land Mobile Tactical Commu-
nications and Data Network Requirements and Capabilities (sec. 237) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 231) that would require the Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evalua-tion (CAPE) to contract with an independent entity to conduct a comprehensive assess-ment of current and future requirements and capabilities to determine the technological feasibility, achievability, suitability, and survivability of a tactical communications and data network. The provision would also prohibit the Secretary of the Army from ob-ligating more than 50 percent of funds avail-able in Other Procurement, Army for the Warfighter Information Network-Tactical, Increment 2 program subject to the submis-sion of the independent entity’s report. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the limitation of funds, and require the Director of CAPE to seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a comprehensive assessment of current and future requirements and capabilities of the Army with respect to air-land ad hoc, mobile tactical communications and data networks, including the technological feasibility, suit-ability, and survivability of such networks. 
The conferees believe the Director of CAPE 
shall select a federally funded research and development center with direct, long-stand-ing, and demonstrated experience and exper-tise in program test and evaluation of con-cepts, requirements, and technologies for joint tactical communications and data net-working to perform the assessment. The In-stitute for Defense Analysis may be such an entity with expertise needed for such a de-tailed assessment. 
Study of field failures involving counterfeit elec-
tronic parts (sec. 238) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 232) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to task the Joint Fed-erated Assurance Center (JFAC) to conduct a hardware assurance study to assess the pres-ence, scope, and effect on Department of De-fense operations of counterfeit electronic parts that have passed through the Depart-ment of Defense supply chain and into field-ed systems. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement includes the 
provision with an amendment to assign re-sponsibility for the study to the executive agent for printed circuit board technology. The conferees believe that the executive agent is the most appropriate official to con-duct such a study. The amendment would also require JFAC to conduct a technical as-sessment for indications of malicious tam-pering on any parts assessed that dem-onstrate unusual or suspicious failure mech-anisms. The conferees believe that such fol-low-up is critical for ensuring maximum im-pact and benefit of the study. 
Airborne data link plan (sec. 239) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 234) that would require the Under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.049 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6547 September 29, 2015 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-
nology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to jointly, in con-sultation with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, to develop a plan on airborne data links between fifth-to- fifth, and fifth-to-fourth generation aircraft. The provision would also limit funding for the TALON HATE and Multi-Domain Adapt-able Processing System programs until the plan was briefed to the congressional defense committees. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
add a date of February 15, 2016 for the plan briefing, and to strike subsection (c). 
Plan for advanced weapons technology war 
games (sec. 240) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
223) that would require the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a plan for integrating advanced technologies, such as directed energy weapons, hypersonic strike systems, and autonomous systems into broader title 10 war games to improve socialization with the warfighter and the de-velopment and experimentation of various concepts for employment by the Armed Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with some technical 
amendments. 
Independent assessment of F135 engine program 
(sec. 241) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
214) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to enter into a contract with a feder-ally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the F135 engine program, and submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees not later than March 15, 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Comptroller General Review of autonomic logis-
tics information system for F–35 Lightning II aircraft (sec. 242) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
224) that would direct the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States to conduct a review and submit a report to the congressional de-fense committees on the autonomic logistics information system for the F–35 Lightning II aircraft program. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment to 
make technical corrections to correct typo-graphical errors. 
Sense of Congress regarding facilitation of a 
high quality technical workforce (sec. 243) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
227) that would express a sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should ex-plore using existing authorities for all Fed-erally Funded Research and Development Centers to help facilitate and shape a high quality scientific and technical workforce that can support the Department’s needs. In addition, the provision would make a num-ber of findings, including that the country’s scientific and technical workforce is a mat-ter of national security, that the Depart-ment’s support for technical education pro-grams facilitates the training of the future workforce, and that the highly skilled work-force already employed is qualified to facili-tate training of a future workforce. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would expand the provision to include all defense laboratories. The conferees be-
lieve that the paragraphs of the provision apply to all Defense laboratories, not only the Federally Funded Research and Develop-ment Centers, and that all should be recog-nized as such. 
The conferees find that: 
(1) The quality of the future scientific and 
technical workforce of the United States and the access of the Department of Defense to a high quality scientific and technical work-force are matters of national security con-cern; 
(2) The support of the Department of De-
fense for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education programs facili-tates the training of a future scientific and technical workforce that will contribute sig-nificantly to the research, development, test, and evaluation functions of the Department of Defense and the readiness of the future Armed Forces; 
(3) Defense laboratories and federally fund-
ed research and development centers spon-sored by the Department of Defense employ a highly skilled workforce that is qualified to support science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education initiatives, in-cluding through meaningful volunteer oppor-tunities in primary and secondary edu-cational settings and cooperative relation-ships and arrangements with private sector organizations and State and local govern-ments, and to facilitate the training of a fu-ture scientific and technical workforce; 
(4) Robust participation in scientific and 
technical conferences, including industry and international conferences, will strength-en the national security scientific and tech-nical workforce. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Report on graduate fellowships in support of 
science, mathematics, and engineering edu-cation 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
226) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report on graduate fellow-ships in support of science, mathematics, and engineering education. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The conference agreement does not include 
this provision. 
Funding for MV–22A Digital Interoperability 
Program 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
228) that would authorize an increase in funding for MV–22A Digital Interoperability Program of $75.0 million which included $64.3 million for Aircraft Procurement, Navy, and $10.7 million for Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision, but would increase funding for the MV–22A, based upon the unfunded pri-ority list of the Commandant of the Marine Corps. The Senate amendment would in-crease funding by a total of $23.0 million in-cluding $15.0 million for integrated aircraft survivability and $8.0 million for ballistic protection. 
The agreement does not include this provi-
sion. 
The outcome is reflected in section 4101 
and 4201 of this Act, and includes funding in line with the Senate amendment. 
I
TEMS OF SPECIAL INTEREST  
Apportionment of small business funds under 
continuing resolutions 
The conferees believe that under a con-
tinuing budget resolution (CR), federal agen-cies remain responsible for assessing the Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transition (STTR) set-asides, and executing program support for small business technology inno-vation. To support Department of Defense 
access to small business innovation, the con-ferees believe that Department comptrollers should move expeditiously to calculate the SBIR/STTR assessments, and make those funds available to military services and agency SBIR/STTR programs commensurate with those assessments, on a timeline that supports program effectiveness. 
Expedited approval for attendance at con-
ferences in support of science and innova-tion activities of Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion 
The conferees note with concern that since 
the Departments of Defense and Energy have implemented updated conference policies, in response to requirements from the Office of Management and Budget, attendance at science and technology conferences by de-partment personnel has reduced dramati-cally. According to a report from the Gov-ernment Accountability Office in March 2015, conference attendance from the Army Re-search Laboratory declined from about 1300 attendees in 2011 to about 100 attendees in 2013. A similar drop in attendance was re-ported from Sandia National Laboratories. The report highlights that such a drop in at-tendance risks a decline in the quality of sci-entific research, difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified scientists and engineers, and a diminished leadership role for the two departments within the global science and technology community. The report also notes that the new departmental policies are not meeting the needs of personnel request-ing approval to travel to conferences. 
Given the importance of conference at-
tendance for an active exchange of scientific information and for recruiting and retaining high-quality technical talent, and therefore maintaining technological superiority, the conferees are concerned that the conference attendance approval policies are under-mining and eroding the science and tech-nology missions of both departments as well as the ability of personnel to engage in cut-ting-edge research, development, testing, and evaluation. The conferees believe that technical conference participation is espe-cially important to keep program managers aware of new trends in technology, so that they may make better informed decisions on behalf of taxpayers. 
To maintain global technology awareness 
and to support retention of technical staff, the conferees believe that the Departments should strive to follow the best practices of the innovative private and academic institu-tions in developing management and over-sight practices for conference participation. The conferees are concerned that in specific technical fields of interest to defense, such as hypersonics and cybersecurity, the lack of participation in conferences is ceding U.S. leadership to competitor nations. 
In response to these findings and concerns, 
the conferees direct the Secretaries of De-fense and Energy to revise current policies within the Department of Defense and Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, re-spectively, whereby requests for scientific conference attendance are adjudicated with-in one month, and approvals are granted as appropriate within one month. Further, the conferees direct the Secretaries of Defense and Energy to ensure that any decisions to disapprove conference attendance through these revised policies are made if and only if the appropriate officials determine that the disapproval would have a net positive impact on research and development and on program management quality, and not simply default disapprovals necessitated by a bureaucratic inability to make a timely decision. In addi-tion, the conferees direct that these new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.050 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6548 September 29, 2015 
policies be implemented no later than 90 
days after the enactment of this act. 
The conferees recommend that, through 
these revised policies, laboratory and test center directors be given the authority to approve conference attendance, provided that the attendance would meet the mission of the laboratory or test center and that suf-ficient laboratory or test center funds are available. 
The conferees direct the Secretaries of De-
fense and Energy each to report to the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee and the House Armed Services Committee on the re-vised policies from their respective agencies, as well as an assessment of their benefits and drawbacks, along with measures for tracking the effectiveness of the new policies. The conferees further direct that this report be submitted no later than one year after the enactment of this act. 
Protection of advanced technologies 
The conferees have concerns that the De-
partment of Defense, while taking necessary steps to pursue and create innovative tech-nologies and to access global sources of inno-vation, also needs to better protect such technologies against unauthorized disclosure to or theft by potential adversaries. The con-ferees are concerned that some adversaries have clear strategies (1) to overcome our general technology protection efforts and specific program protection measures, and (2) to mitigate our efforts to increase our technological superiority. For this reason, the conferees believe that the Department would benefit from better technology and program protection planning and more effec-tive cybersecurity measures. 
Therefore, the conferees direct the Sec-
retary of Defense to conduct a review of methodologies that potential adversaries are exploiting to gain unauthorized access to technologies and intellectual property, and to circumvent current export control and other technology protection regimes. Addi-tionally, the Department should review structures of business relationships, such as partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and consortia, to assess the poten-tial that these types of relationships present additional opportunities for exploitation by adversaries. Further, the conferees direct the Secretary to brief the results of the review to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives by March 15, 2016, including any recommenda-tions that may necessitate legislative ac-tion. 
T
ITLE III—O PERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Authorization of appropriations (sec. 301) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
301) that would authorize the appropriations for operation and maintenance activities at the levels identified in section 4301 of divi-sion D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 301). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Subtitle B—Energy and the Environment 
Limitation on procurement of drop-in fuels (sec. 
311) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
311) that would amend subchapter II of chap-ter 173 of title 10, United States Code, to pro-hibit Department of Defense funds to be used for bulk purchases of drop-in fuel for oper-ational purposes, unless the cost of that drop-in fuel is cost-competitive with tradi-tional fuel, subject to a national security waiver. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes. 
Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas 
(sec. 312) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
312) that would amend chapter 631 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new section directing the Secretary of the Navy to estab-lish ‘‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’’ for national defense purposes. The provision would also repeal section 1 of Pub-lic Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note). 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 313). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that excludes the repeal of section 1 of Pub-lic Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note). 
Modification of energy management reporting 
requirements (sec. 313) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 311) that would amend section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, by striking a subsection listing renewable en-ergy credits (RECs) and clarifying and strengthening the reporting requirements on commercial and non-commercial utility out-ages. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Revision to scope of statutorily required review 
of projects relating to potential obstructions to aviation so as to apply only to energy projects (sec. 314) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
313) that would amend section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) to expand coverage of the Siting Clearinghouse to requests for informal reviews by Indian tribes and landowners, clarify that informa-tion received from private entities is not publicly releasable, eliminate categories of adverse risk, and limit applicability of sec-tion to only energy projects. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 353) that would amend sec-tion 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 to ex-pand the coverage of the Department of De-fense (DOD) Siting Clearinghouse to requests for informal reviews from Indian tribes and landowners, clarify that information re-ceived from private entities is not publicly releasable, eliminate categories of adverse risk. The Senate provision would maintain the coverage of the Department of Defense (DOD) Siting Clearinghouse for non-energy projects. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Exclusions from definition of ‘‘chemical sub-
stance’’ under Toxic Substances Control Act (sec. 315) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
314) that would modify section 2602(2)(B) of title 15, United States Code, to add to the ex-clusions any component of any article, in-cluding shot, bullets and other projectiles, propellants when manufactured for or used in such an article, and primers. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
limiting the provision to shot shells, car-tridges, and components of shot shells and cartridges. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
Repeal of limitation on authority to enter into a 
contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or overhaul of the F117 engine (sec. 322) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
323) that would amend Section 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 321) that would repeal Sec-tion 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
The House recedes. 
Pilot programs for availability of working cap-
ital funds for product improvements (sec. 323) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
324) that would require the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Acquisition, Logis-tics, and Technology, the Assistant Sec-retary of the Navy for Research, Develop-ment, and Acquisition, and the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition to each initiate a pilot program pursuant to section 330 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 68), as amended by section 332 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1697). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
Modification of annual report on prepositioned 
materiel and equipment (sec. 331) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 331) that would amend Section 2229a(a)(8) of title 10, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Report on merger of Office of Assistant Sec-
retary for Operational Energy Plans and Deputy Under Secretary for Installations and Environment (sec. 332) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
318) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit to Congress a report on the merger of the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and the Office of the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Report on equipment purchased noncompeti-
tively from foreign entities (sec. 333) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
325) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on contracts awarded to foreign entities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Prohibition on contracts making payments for 
honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events (sec. 341) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1098) that provided a sense of the Congress in regard to a private organization utilizing funds from the Department of Defense for the purpose of promoting or honoring the military. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 342a) and included a prohi-bition on the Department of Defense from entering into any such contracts. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
The conferees urge any organization, in-
cluding the National Football League and other professional sports leagues, that has accepted taxpayer funds to honor members of the Armed Forces to consider directing an equivalent amount of funding in the form of a donation to a charitable organization that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.051 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6549 September 29, 2015 
supports members of the Armed Forces, vet-
erans, and their families. The conferees also urge the Department of Defense to redirect any funds that would have been used for the aforementioned purposes to the post-trau-matic stress disorder research and treatment for members of the Armed Forces. 
Military animals: transfer and adoption (sec. 
342) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
594) that would amend Section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, in regard to military working dogs. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 352). 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Temporary authority to extend contracts and 
leases under the ARMS Initiative (sec. 343) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
335) that would allow contracts or sub-contracts entered into pursuant to section 4554(a)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, on or before the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act to include an option to extend the term of the contract or subcontract for an additional 25 years. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 343). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Improvements to Department of Defense excess 
property disposal (sec. 344) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
333) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the improved manage-ment and oversight of the systems, proc-esses, and controls involved in the disposi-tion of excess non-mission essential equip-ment and materiel by the Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Limitation on use of funds for Department of 
Defense sponsorships, advertising, or mar-keting associated with sports-related organi-zations or sporting events (sec. 345) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 342) that would prohibit the De-partment of Defense from using any funds authorized to be appropriated for sponsor-ship, advertising, or marketing associated with a sports-related organization or sport-ing event until a review of current contracts and task orders for such events was com-pleted. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
The conferees are concerned with the De-
partment’s level of oversight of the sponsor-ship, advertising, and marketing associated with sports-related organizations and events executed by each of the military services, es-pecially with the National Guard. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense and the service secretaries to ensure the proper oversight mechanisms are in place to provide proper oversight and approval of these programs. 
Additional requirements for streamlining of De-
partment of Defense management head-quarters (sec. 346) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
905) that would express a series of findings and the sense of Congress on the commit-ment of the Department of Defense to reduce its headquarters budgets and personnel by 20 percent and to achieve $10.0 billion in cost savings over 5 years. It would also amend section 904 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 
113–66), which requires the Secretary of De-fense to develop a plan for streamlining De-partment of Defense management head-quarters, by requiring an accurate baseline accounting of defense headquarters budgets and personnel, and more specific information on actual and planned reductions in manage-ment headquarters. In addition, this section would further modify section 904 of Public Law 113–66 to require the Department to im-plement its planned reduction in manage-ment headquarters budgets and personnel for certain organizations in the National Capital Region. Lastly, it would clarify that civilian employees funded from working-capital funds are not subject to the reduction re-quirement. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 351) that would cut 30 per-cent from the budgets of headquarters activi-ties over the next 4 years and require the Secretary of Defense to perform a com-prehensive review of these activities and consider elimination, consolidation, and downsizing where appropriate. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Department to plan and budget for $10.0 billion in cost savings in its headquarters, administrative and support activities between fiscal year 2015 and 2019. The amendment would also require at least a 25 percent reduction to headquarters activi-ties, which would count towards the $10.0 bil-lion savings. Finally, the amendment would require a comprehensive review of head-quarters, administrative and support func-tions with an eye towards streamlining and consolidating these functions across the De-partment of Defense. 
The conferees believe that the Secretary 
must credit the reductions, as having been accomplished in earlier fiscal years in ac-cordance with the December 2013 Directive, as part of the baseline amount under this section for all of the Department of Defense headquarters and the specific baseline amounts for each such headquarters activ-ity. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Additional authorization of appropriations for 
the Office of Economic Adjustment 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
302) that would authorize $25.0 million for transportation projects on local roads that would help mitigate traffic congestion asso-ciated with the military facility. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the Defense Access 
Road program provides such funds around military installations where warranted. 
Report on efforts to reduce high energy costs at 
military installations 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 312) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, in consultation with the assistant secretaries responsible for en-ergy installations and environment for the military services and the Defense Logistics Agency, to conduct an assessment of the ef-forts to achieve cost savings at military in-stallations with high energy costs. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees encourage the Assistant Sec-
retary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment to include in the Depart-ment’s Annual Energy Management Report an assessment of cost reduction efforts by military installations with high energy costs to include state and local partnership oppor-tunities. Exemption of Department of Defense from alter-
native fuel procurement 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
315) that would amend section 526 of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140) to exempt the Depart-ment of Defense from the requirements re-lated to contracts for alternative or syn-thetic fuel in that section. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Limitation on plan, design, refurbishing, or con-
struction of biofuels refineries 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
316) that would require the Department of Defense to obtain a congressional authoriza-tion before entering into a contract for the planning, design, refurbishing, or construc-tion of a biofuels refinery. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Comprehensive study on impact of proposed 
ozone rule 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
317) that would require the Department of Defense to conduct a comprehensive study on the impact of any final rule to the Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone on military readiness. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Assignment of certain new requirements based 
on determinations of cost-efficiency 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
321) that would assign certain new work re-quirements based on determinations of cost- efficiency. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that sec. 321 is one of 
three provisions, along with sections 717 and 907, considered by the conferees that cited Department of Defense Instruction (DODI) 7041.04, ‘‘Estimating and Comparing the Full Costs of Civilian and Active-Duty Military Manpower and Contract Support,’’ as the prescribed methodology for making cost comparisons between DOD workforce sectors if the work is not inherently governmental or otherwise exempt from private-sector per-formance. The conferees also note that the Senate Committee on Armed Services in-cluded in Senate Report 114–49 language di-recting the Secretary of Defense to submit a report setting forth the results of a study comparing the fully burdened cost of per-formance by Department of Defense (DOD) civilians and contractors. 
The conferees recognize that the costing 
methodology in DODI 7041.04, while validated by the DOD Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE), ‘‘continues to have certain limitations,’’ as reported by the Government Accountability Office in GAO– 13–792, ‘‘Opportunities Exist to Further Im-prove DOD’s Methodology for Estimating the Costs of Its Workforces.’’ In the same report, GAO raised questions ‘‘about the extent to which . . . officials throughout DOD are aware of a requirement to use the method-ology for decisions other than in-sourcing.’’ 
In light of these findings, the conferees di-
rect the Secretary of Defense, in responding to the reporting requirement in Senate Re-port 114–49 referenced above, to address the following additional items: (1) What steps has the Department taken to comply with the recommendations in GAO–13–792 for im-proving the costing methodology in DODI 7041.04; (2) What guidance has the Office of the Secretary of Defense issued to military components and defense agencies regarding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.052 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6550 September 29, 2015 
the use of the cost-comparison process to 
make workforce mix decisions; (3) What roles do CAPE and the Office of the DOD 
Comptroller play in the cost-comparison process, both prior to workforce sourcing de-cisions being made and in tracking work-force sourcing outcomes; (4) What is the Of-fice of the Secretary of Defense doing to en-sure the skills, training, or experience need-ed to effectively perform manpower cost comparisons are available in the DOD work-force, including completion of the com-petency gap assessments cited in GAO–13– 188, ‘‘Critical Skills and Competency Assess-ments Should Help Guide DOD Civilian Workforce Decisions’’; and (5) How will the findings in the report required in Senate Re-port 114–49 be used to improve and correct current limitations of the cost-comparison process outlined in DODI 7041.04? 
Access to wireless high-speed Internet and net-
work connections for certain members of the Armed Forces deployed overseas 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
334) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to enter into contracts with third- party vendors to provide wireless high-speed Internet and network connections for certain members of the Armed Forces deployed over-seas. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Assessment of outreach for small business con-
cerns owned and controlled by women and minorities required before conversion of cer-tain functions to contractor performance 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
336) that would limit the conversion of a function to performance by a contractor 
until an assessment has been made as to whether the Department has carried out suf-ficient outreach programs to assist small business concerns owned and controlled by women (as such term is defined in section 8(d)(3)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(D))) and small business con-cerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals (as such term is defined in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C))) that are located in the geo-graphic area near the military base. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Pilot program on intensive instruction in certain 
Asian languages 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 354) authorizing the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the National Education Board, to carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of providing scholarships in accord-ance with the David L. Boren National Secu-rity Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) to individuals for intensive language in-struction in a covered Asian language where deficiencies exist. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note the need for intensive 
Asian language training, and direct the Sec-retary of Defense to provide the defense com-mittees with a briefing no later than April 15, 2016, on the steps Department of Defense is taking to meet that need within the con-text of the Administration’s policy to rebal-
ance to the Asia-Pacific region. 
Sense of Senate on finding efficiencies within 
the working-capital fund activities of the Department of Defense 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1005) that would provide a sense of the Senate for the Secretary of Defense to ensure a strong organic industrial base workforce. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement does not include 
this provision. 
The conferees note that the Secretary of 
Defense should continue to optimize existing workload plans to ensure a strong organic industrial base workforce. 
T
ITLE IV—M ILITARY PERSONNEL  
AUTHORIZATIONS  
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
End strengths for active forces (sec. 401) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
401) that would authorize the following end strengths for active-duty personnel of the Armed Forces as of September 30, 2016: Army, 475,000; Navy, 329,200; Marine Corps, 184,000; and Air Force, 320,715. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 401) that would authorize active-duty end strength for the Air Force of 317,000. 
The agreement includes the House provi-
sion. 
End strength levels for the active forces 
for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Service FY 2015 
Authorized FY 2016 Change from 
Request Recommenda-
tion FY 2016 
Request FY 2015 
Authorized 
Army ........................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 490,000 475,0 00 475,000 0 ¥15,000 
Navy ........................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 323,600 329, 200 329,200 0 +5,600 
Marine Corps ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 184,100 184,000 18 4,000 0 ¥100 
Air Force ...................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 312,980 317,00 0 320,715 +3,715 +7,735 
DOD Total ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 1,310,680 1,305,200 1,308 ,915 0 ¥1,765 
Revisions in permanent active duty end strength 
minimum levels (sec. 402) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
402) that would revise the permanent Active- 
Duty end strength minimum levels con-tained in Section 691(b) of title 10, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 402) that would repeal section 691 of title 10, United States Code. The provision would also amend section 115 of title 10, United States Code, to provide the Secretary of Defense and the service secretaries au-thority to vary military personnel end strengths below those authorized in title IV 
of this Act. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would amend subsection (e) of section 691 of title 10, United States Code, to in-crease the variance authority of the Sec-retary of Defense contained in that section from 0.5 percent to 2 percent. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
End strengths for Selected Reserve (sec. 411) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
411) that would authorize the following end strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the Armed Forces as of September 30, 2016: 
the Army National Guard, 342,000; the Army Reserve, 198,000; the Navy Reserve, 57,400; the Marine Corps Reserve, 38,900; the Air Na-tional Guard of the United States, 105,500; the Air Force Reserve, 69,200; and the Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 411). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
End strength levels for the Selected Re-
serve for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
Service FY 2015 
Authorized FY 2016 Change from 
Request Recommenda-
tion FY 2016 
Request FY 2015 
Authorized 
Army National Guard ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 350,200 342,000 342,000  0 ¥8,200 
Army Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 202,000 198,000 19 8,000 0 ¥4,000 
Navy Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 57,300 57,400 57,4 00 0 +100 
Marine Corps Reserve ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 39,200 38,900 38,900 0 ¥300 
Air National Guard ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 105,000 105,500 105,5 00 0 +500 
Air Force Reserve .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 67,100 69,200 69,200  0 +2,100 
DOD Total ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 820,800 811,000 811,000 0  ¥9,800 
Coast Guard Reserve ............................................................................................................ ....................................................................................................... 9,000 7,000 7,000 0 ¥2,000 
End strengths for reserves on active duty in sup-
port of the reserves (sec. 412) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
412) that would authorize the following end strengths for Reserves on Active Duty in support of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2016: the Army National Guard of the United States, 30,770; the Army Reserve, 16,261; The Navy Reserve, 9,934; the Marine Corps Reserve, 2,260; the Air National Guard 
of the United States, 14,748; and the Air Force Reserve, 3,032. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 412) that would authorize the end strengths for the Reserves on Active Duty in support of the reserve components by the same amounts as the House bill and further required the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau to take into account the actual number 
of members of the Army National Guard of the United States serving in each state as of September 30 each year when allocating full- time duty personnel in the Army National Guard of the United States. 
The Senate recedes. 
The conferees note that the Senate amend-
ment expressed the Sense of the Senate that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.054 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6551 September 29, 2015 
the National Guard Bureau should account 
for states that routinely recruit and retain members in excess of state authorizations when allocating full-time operational sup-port duty personnel. The conferees encour-
age the National Guard Bureau to consider this when allocating full-time duty support personnel. End strength levels for the reserves on ac-
tive duty in support of the reserves for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
Service FY 2015 
Authorized FY 2016 Change from 
Request Recommenda-
tion FY 2016 
Request FY 2015 
Authorized 
Army National Guard ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 31,385 30,770 30,770 0 ¥615 
Army Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 16,261 16,261 16,2 61 0 0 
Navy Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 9,973 9,934 9,934 0 ¥39 
Marine Corps Reserve ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 2,261 2,260 2,260 0 ¥1 
Air National Guard ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 14,704 14,748 14,748 0 +44 
Air Force Reserve .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 2,830 3,032 3,032 0 +202 
DOD Total ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 77,414 77,005 77,005 0 ¥409 
End strengths for military technicians (dual sta-
tus) (sec. 413) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
413) that would authorize the following end strengths for military technicians (dual sta-tus) as of September 30, 2016: the Army Na-tional Guard of the United States, 26,099; the 
Army Reserve, 7,395; the Air National Guard of the United States, 22,104; and the Air Force Reserve, 9,814. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 413). The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
End strength levels for military techni-
cians (dual status) for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
Service FY 2015 
Authorized FY 2016 Change from 
Request Recommenda-
tion FY 2016 
Request FY 2015 
Authorized 
Army National Guard ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 27,210 26,099 26,099 0 ¥1,111 
Army Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 7,895 7,395 7,395 0 ¥500 
Air National Guard ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 21,792 22,104 22,104 0 +312 
Air Force Reserve .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 9,789 9,814 9,814 0 +25 
DOD Total ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 66,686 65,412 65,412 0 ¥1,274 
Fiscal year 2016 limitation on number of non- 
dual status technicians (sec. 414) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
414) that would authorize the following per-sonnel limits for the reserve components of 
the Army and Air Force for non-dual status technicians as of September 30, 2016: the 
Army National Guard of the United States, 1,600; the Air National Guard of the United States, 350; the Army Reserve, 595; and the Air Force Reserve, 90. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 414). The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
End strength levels for the non-dual status 
technicians for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
Service FY 2015 
Authorized FY 2016 Change from 
Request Recommenda-
tion FY 2016 
Request FY 2015 
Authorized 
Army National Guard ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 1,600 1,600 1,600 0 0 
Air National Guard ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 350 350 350 0 0 
Army Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 595 595 595 0 0 
Air Force Reserve .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 90 90 90 0 0 
DOD Total ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 2,635 2,635 2,635 0 0 
Maximum number of reserve personnel author-
ized to be on active duty for operational support (sec. 415) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
415) that would authorize the maximum number of reserve component personnel who may be on Active Duty or full-time National 
Guard duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, during fiscal year 2016 to provide operational support. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 415). The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
End strength levels for reserve personnel 
authorized to be on Active Duty for oper-ational support for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
Service FY 2015 
Authorized FY 2016 Change from 
Request Recommenda-
tion FY 2016 
Request FY 2015 
Authorized 
Army National Guard ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 17,000 17,000 17,000 0 0 
Army Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 13,000 13,000 13,0 00 0 0 
Navy Reserve ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 6,200 6,200 6,200 0 0 
Marine Corps Reserve ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 3,000 3,000 3,000 0 0 
Air National Guard ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 16,000 16,000 16,000 0 0 
Air Force Reserve .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 14,000 14,000 14,000  0 0 
DOD Total ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 69,200 69,200 69,200 0 0 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
Military personnel (sec. 421) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
421) that would authorize appropriations for military personnel at the levels identified in the funding table in section 4401 of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 421). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Report on force structure of the Army (sec. 422) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
422) that would require a report on the force structure of the Army. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Chief of the National Guard Bureau authority 
to increase certain end strengths applicable to the Army National Guard 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 416) that would provide the Chief of the National Guard Bureau with the author-ity to increase the fiscal year 2016 end strength of the Selected Reserve personnel of the Army National Guard as specified in sec-tion 411(a)(1) by up to 3,000 members, the end 
strength of the Reserves serving on full-time duty for the Army National Guard as speci-fied in section 412(1) by 615 Reserves, and military technicians (dual status) for the Army National Guard as specified in section 
413(1) by 1,111. The provision contains a limi-tation stating that the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may only increase an end strength using the authority contained in this section if such increase is paid for en-tirely out of the readiness funds appro-priated for fiscal year 2016 for Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.055 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6552 September 29, 2015 
TITLE V—M ILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY  
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
Reinstatement of enhanced authority for selec-
tive early discharge of warrant officers (sec. 501) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 506) that would amend section 508a of title 10, United States Code, to reinstate authority for service secretaries to convene selection boards to consider regular warrant officers on the Active-Duty list for involun-tary discharge during the period October 1, 2015, through September 30, 2019. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Equitable treatment of junior officers excluded 
from an all-fully-qualified officers list be-cause of administrative error (sec. 502) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
501) that would amend section 624(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, to authorize a service secretary to prepare a supplemental list of officers considered all-fully-qualified when one or more officers or former officers are not placed on an all-fully-qualified list due to administrative error. The House pro-vision would also amend section 14308(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, to authorize a service secretary to prepare a similar supple-mental list for officers on Reserve active- status who are not placed on an all-fully- qualified list due to administrative error. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Enhanced flexibility for determination of offi-
cers to continue on active duty and for se-lective early retirement and early discharge (sec. 503) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 504) that would amend section 638(a) of title 10, United States Code, relating to the authority for selective early retire-ment and early discharges to eliminate the restriction that the number of officers rec-ommended for discharge by a selection board may not be more than 30 percent of the num-ber of officers in each grade, year group, or specialty (or combination thereof) in each competitive category. The provision would impose the same restriction that applies to boards to select officers for early retirement, which provides that the number of officers recommended for retirement may not be more than 30 percent of the number of offi-cers considered. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Authority to defer until age 68 mandatory re-
tirement for age of a general or flag officer serving as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chap-lains of the Army, Navy or Air Force (sec. 504) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
502) that would amend section 1253 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize service sec-retaries to defer the retirement of general and flag officers serving as the Chief or Dep-uty Chief of Chaplains in their respective Services to age 68. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 505). 
The Senate recedes. 
General rule for warrant officer retirement in 
highest grade held satisfactorily (sec. 505) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 507) that would amend section 1371 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize a service secretary to retire warrant officers in the highest grade in which they served satisfactorily before retirement. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Implementation of Comptroller General rec-
ommendation on the definition and avail-ability of costs associated with general and flag officers and their aides (sec. 506) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
503) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to direct the Director, Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, to define certain costs associated with general and flag offi-cers for the purpose of estimating and man-aging the full costs associated with these of-ficers and aides. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component 
Management 
Continued service in the Ready Reserve by 
Members of Congress who are also members of the Ready Reserve (sec. 511) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
512) that would amend section 10149 of title 10, United States Code, to require that mem-bers of the Ready Reserve who occupy cer-tain federal key positions whose mobiliza-tion in an emergency would seriously impair the capability of a federal agency or office to function effectively are not retained in the Ready Reserve. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would amend section 10149 of title 10, United States Code, to provide that a mem-ber of the Ready Reserve who is also a mem-ber of Congress may not be transferred to the Standby Reserve or discharged on ac-count of the individual’s position as a Mem-ber of Congress unless the Secretary of De-fense, or in the Coast Guard Reserve, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, determines that transfer or discharge is based on the needs of the service. 
Clarification of purpose of reserve component 
special selection boards as limited to correc-tion of error at a mandatory promotion board (sec. 512) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
511) that would modify section 14502(b) of title 10, United States Code, to conform the authority for convening special selection boards for Reserve officers with the author-ity for Active-Duty officers in cases in which an officer is considered by a mandatory pro-motion board, but is not selected due to a material error of fact, material administra-tive error, or the board did not have before it material information for its consideration. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 512). 
The Senate recedes. 
Increase in number of days of Active Duty re-
quired to be performed by reserve component members for duty to be considered Federal service for purposes of unemployment com-pensation for ex-servicemembers (sec. 513) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 592) that would increase from 90 to 180 days the number of continuous days of Active Duty required to be performed by re-serve component members for that duty to be considered satisfactory federal service for purposes of unemployment compensation for 
ex-servicemembers. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Temporary authority to use Air Force reserve 
component personnel to provide training and instruction regarding pilot training (sec. 514) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 514) that would authorize the Sec-retary of the Air Force to utilize, during fis-
cal year 2016, up to 50 Active, Guard, and Re-serve (AGR) members and dual-status mili-tary technicians to provide training and in-struction to active duty and foreign military personnel in excess of what is currently au-thorized by the AGR and military technician statutes. The provision would also require the Secretary, by no later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to provide the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a re-port setting forth a plan to eliminate pilot training shortages within the Air Force using authorities available to the Secretary under current law. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Assessment of Military Compensation and Re-
tirement Modernization Commission rec-ommendation regarding consolidation of au-thorities to order members of Reserve compo-nents to perform duty (sec. 515) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
521) that would require the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to prescribe policies and procedures for the Armed Forces when members of the Ready Reserve are ordered to active duty. 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
522) that would amend chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, to redesignate inac-tive duty of the Reserve component to en-compass operational and other duties per-formed while in an active duty status. 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
523) that would amend chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, to add a new sub-chapter on the purpose of Reserve duty. 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
524) that would amend chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, and insert a new section on training and other duty performed by members of the National Guard. 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
525) that would make certain conforming and clerical amendments related to the authori-ties to be added or modified by sections 521, 522, 523 and 524 of the House bill. 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
526) that would require the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to submit a plan to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives, to implement the authorities to be added or modified by sec-tions 521, 522, 523, 524 and 525 of the House bill. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provisions. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, con-taining the Secretary’s assessment of the Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission’s recommendation to consolidate the statutory authorities by which members of the reserve components may be ordered to perform duty. The report shall include the Secretary’s assessment of the Commission’s recommendation to con-solidate 30 Reserve Component duty statuses into 6 broader statuses, with an analysis of each of the statuses recommended by the Commission. If the Secretary determines that a different consolidation is preferable, the report should clearly articulate why the Secretary’s recommendation is preferable to the specific recommendation of the Commis-sion. The report should include draft legisla-tion to implement the recommendations of the Secretary not later than 1 October 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.055 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6553 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
Limited authority for Secretary concerned to 
initiate applications for correction of mili-tary records (sec. 521) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 586) that would amend section 1552(b) of title 10, United States Code, to au-thorize the service secretaries to apply for a correction to military records on behalf of an individual. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize the service secretaries to initiate an application on behalf of a group of members or former members who were similarly harmed by the same error or injustice. 
Temporary authority to develop and provide ad-
ditional recruitment incentives (sec. 522) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
531) that would authorize the service secre-taries to develop new incentives to encour-age recruitment into the Armed Forces. If a service secretary utilizes the authority pro-vided, they shall submit a report to the con-gressional defense committees. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Expansion of authority to conduct pilot pro-
grams on career flexibility to enhance reten-tion of members of the Armed Forces (sec. 523) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
532) that would modify section 533 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417) to remove the prohibition for par-ticipation by members of the Armed Forces serving under an agreement upon entry, or members receiving a critical military skill retention bonus under section 355 of title 37, United States Code, from participating in pilot programs on career flexibility to en-hance retention. The provision would also re-move the restriction that limits the number of participants in the program to 20 officers and 20 enlisted members who may be selected to participate in the pilot program during a calendar year. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 522). 
The Senate recedes. 
Modification of notice and wait requirements for 
change in ground combat exclusion policy for female members of the Armed Forces (sec. 524) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
533) that would amend section 652(a) of title 10, United States Code, to prescribe a notice requirement of not less than 30 calendar days before certain changes in assignment poli-cies for women are implemented. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Role of Secretary of Defense in development of 
gender-neutral occupational standards (sec. 525) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
534) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to include measuring the combat readi-ness of combat units, including special oper-ations forces, when developing gender-neu-tral occupational standards. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 523). 
The Senate recedes. 
The conferees note that the development of 
gender-neutral occupational standards is vital in determining the occupational assign-ments of all members of the Armed Forces. The conferees believe that studies being con-ducted by the Armed Forces are important 
to the development of these standards and should incorporate the best scientific prac-tices available and that the Armed Forces should consider these studies carefully to en-sure they do not result in unnecessary bar-riers to service and that decisions on occupa-tional assignments be based on objective analysis and not negatively impact combat effectiveness, including units whose primary mission is to engage in direct ground combat at the tactical level. 
Establishment of process by which members of 
the Armed Forces may carry an appropriate firearm on a military installation (sec. 526) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
539) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to establish a process by which the commander of a military installation in the United States may authorize a member of the Armed Forces who is assigned to duty at the installation to carry a concealed per-sonal firearm on the installation. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a process by which the com-mander of a military installation in the United States, reserve center, recruiting cen-ter, or other defense facility may authorize a member of the Armed Forces who is assigned to the installation or facility to carry an ap-propriate firearm on the installation if the commander determines it necessary as a per-sonal or force-protection measure. The amendment requires the Secretary of De-fense to consider the views of senior leader-ship of military installations in establishing the process. 
The conferees remain concerned about the 
response times to active shooter attacks on U.S. military installations and facilities. We believe that such response times should be diminished in order to protect U.S. servicemembers and their families. The con-ferees believe that commanders of U.S. mili-tary installations and facilities should take steps to arm additional personnel in order to diminish response times to active shooter at-tacks if they believe that arming those per-sonnel will contribute to that goal. 
Establishment of breastfeeding policy for the 
Department of the Army (sec. 527) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
537) that would require the Secretary of the Army to establish a comprehensive policy on breastfeeding by female servicemembers of the Army. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Sense of Congress recognizing the diversity of 
the members of the Armed Forces (sec. 528) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
538) that would express the sense of Congress that the United States should recognize and promote diversity in the Armed Forces and honor those from all diverse backgrounds and religious traditions serving in the Armed Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 524). 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sex-
ual Assault and Domestic Prevention and Response 
Enforcement of certain crime victim rights by 
the Court of Criminal Appeals (sec. 531) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 549) that would amend section 806b of title 10, United States Code, (Article 6b, Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ)), to authorize an interlocutory appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeals by a victim based on an assertion that the victim’s rights at an 
Article 32, UCMJ, investigation were vio-lated or that the victim is subject to an order to submit to a deposition notwith-standing the fact that the victim is available to testify at a court-martial. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment au-
thorizing a victim to petition the Court of Criminal Appeals for a writ of mandamus based on an assertion that the victim’s rights at an Article 32, UCMJ, investigation were violated or that the victim is subject to an order to submit to a deposition notwith-
standing the fact that the victim is available to testify at a court-martial. 
Department of Defense civilian employee access 
to Special Victims’ Counsel (sec. 532) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
542) that would amend section 1044e(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, to offer Special Victims’ Counsel services to a civilian em-ployee of the Department of Defense who is a victim of a sex-related offense, when au-thorized by the Secretary of Defense or the secretary of the military department con-cerned. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Authority of Special Victims’ Counsel to provide 
legal consultation and assistance in connec-tion with various government proceedings (sec. 533) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
544) that would amend section 1044e(b) of title 10, United States Code, to authorize Special Victims’ Counsel to represent and as-sist clients in actions or proceedings that, in the judgment of the Special Victims’ Coun-sel, may have been undertaken in retaliation for the victim’s report of an alleged sex-re-lated offense or for the victim’s involvement in related military justice proceedings. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 552). 
The House recedes. 
Timely notification to victims of sex-related of-
fenses of the availability of assistance from Special Victims’ Counsel (sec. 534) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
545) that would amend section 1044e(f)(1) of title 10, United States Code, to require the victim to be provided notice of the avail-ability of Special Victims’ Counsel before being interviewed by a person identified or designated by the Secretary concerned con-cerning the alleged sex-related offense, or be-fore being requested to provide a statement. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 551). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require that a victim of a sex-re-
lated offense be provided notice of the avail-ability of a Special Victims’ Counsel before any military criminal investigator or trial counsel interviews, or requests any state-ment from, the individual regarding the al-leged sex-related offense, subject to such ex-ceptions for exigent circumstances as the Secretary may prescribe. 
Additional improvements to Special Victims’ 
Counsel program (sec. 535) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
541) that would amend section 1044e(d) of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to direct the military departments to implement additional selec-tion requirements requiring adequate crimi-nal justice experience before they are as-signed as Special Victims’ Counsel and to prescribe standardized training require-ments. The House provision would also amend section 1044e(e) of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of De-fense to establish program performance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.057 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6554 September 29, 2015 
measures and standards to provide central-
ized, standardized oversight and assessment of Special Victims’ Counsel program effec-tiveness and client satisfaction. The amend-ment would also require the Secretary of De-fense to require the military departments to conduct regular evaluations to ensure Spe-cial Victims’ Counsel are assigned to loca-tions that maximize the opportunity for face-to-face interactions between counsel and clients, and to develop effective means for interaction between counsel and clients when face-to-face communication is not fea-sible. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that does not include the requirement for ‘‘adequate’’ military justice experience. The conferees note that there is no similar re-quirement for adequate military justice ex-perience for trial counsel or defense counsel. We expect the Judge Advocates General and the Staff Judge Advocate to the Com-mandant of the Marine Corps to carefully se-lect and train the optimal candidates to ef-fectively and zealously perform Special Vic-tims’ Counsel duties. 
Enhancement of confidentiality of restricted re-
porting of sexual assault in the military (sec. 536) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 553) that would amend subsection (b) of section 1565b of title 10, United States Code, to provide that federal law protecting the privacy of victims who are servicemembers or adult military depend-ents and who file restricted reports of sexual assault would preempt any state laws that require mandatory reporting made to a sex-ual assault response coordinator, a sexual as-sault victim advocate, or healthcare per-sonnel providing assistance to a military sexual assault victim under section 1525b of title 10, United States Code, except when re-porting is necessary to prevent or mitigate a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of an individual. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
The conferees expect that the Department 
of Defense will take all necessary action to ensure that Department personnel are fully supported and vigorously represented in re-sponse to any actions by a state licensing authority considering potentially adverse li-censing or similar credentialing action based on actions of an officer or employee of the Department who acts in an official profes-sional capacity in reliance on this authority. 
Modification of deadline for establishment of 
Defense Advisory Committee on Investiga-tion, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces (sec. 537) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 555) that would amend section 546(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to require the Secretary of Defense to establish the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the Judicial Pro-
ceedings Panel (JPP) has already gathered a significant number of documents provided by the Department of Defense, and encourage the Defense Advisory Committee on Inves-tigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces to make full use of the information already gathered by 
and for the JPP. 
Improved Department of Defense prevention and 
response to sexual assaults in which the vic-tim is a male member of the Armed Forces (sec. 538) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
550) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to develop a plan to improve preven-tion and response to sexual assaults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Preventing retaliation against members of the 
Armed Forces who report or intervene on be-half of the victim of an alleged sex-related offense (sec. 539) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
549) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to establish a comprehensive strategy to prevent retaliation carried out by mem-bers of the Armed Forces against other mem-bers who report or otherwise intervene on 
behalf of the victim in instances of sexual assault. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require a briefing on the strategy to prevent retaliation be provided to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives not later than 180 days from enactment of this Act. 
Sexual assault prevention and response training 
for administrators and instructors of Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (sec. 540) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
551) that would require the secretary of a military department to ensure that com-manders of each unit of the Junior and Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, all Pro-fessors of Military Science, senior military instructors and civilians detailed, assigned or employed as administrators and instruc-tors of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps receive regular sexual assault prevention and response training and education. The provi-sion also required that secretaries of the military departments ensure information re-garding legal assistance and the sexual as-sault and prevention program is made avail-able to such personnel. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require service secretaries to en-sure that the commander of each unit of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps and all Professors of Military Science, senior military instructors, and civilian employees detailed, assigned, or employed as adminis-trators and instructors of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps receive regular sex-ual assault prevention and response training and education. 
Retention of case notes in investigations of sex- 
related offenses involving members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps (sec. 541) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
554) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to update records retention policies, not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, to ensure that all ele-ments of the case file related to an alleged sex-related offense be retained as part of the investigative records retained in accordance with section 3500 of title 18, United States Code, and section 586 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–81). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. Comptroller General of the United States reports 
on prevention and response to sexual as-sault by the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve (sec. 542) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 556) that would require the Comp-troller General of the United States to sub-mit a report of the extent to which the Army National Guard and Army Reserve have in place policies and programs to prevent and respond to incidents of sexual assault involv-ing members of the Army National Guard and Army Reserve, and provide medical and mental health services to members of the Army National Guard and Army Reserve fol-lowing a sexual assault, and to identify whether service in the Army National Guard or Army Reserve pose challenges to the pre-vention of or response to sexual assault. The Comptroller General will provide the initial report to Congress not later than April 1, 2016. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Improved implementation of changes to Uniform 
Code of Military Justice (sec. 543) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
558) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to examine the Department of Defense and interagency review process for imple-menting statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ), and to adopt such changes as required to streamline the process and to ensure that legal guidance is published at the same time as statutory changes to the UCMJ are implemented. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would limit the scope of the Secretary of Defense review to the process within the Department of Defense, and to require that legal guidance is issued as soon as prac-ticable after statutory changes to the UCMJ are implemented. 
Modification of Rule 104 of the Rules for Courts- 
Martial to establish certain prohibitions concerning evaluations of Special Victims’ Counsel (sec. 544) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 547) that would require that Rule 104(b) of the Rules for Courts-Martial be modified within 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act to prohibit giving a less favorable rating to any member of the Armed Forces serving as a Special Victims’ Counsel because of the zeal with which such counsel represented a victim. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Modification of Rule 304 of the Military Rules of 
Evidence relating to the corroboration of a confession or admission (sec. 545) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 546) that would amend Rule 304(c) of the Military Rules of Evidence to provide that a confession by an accused may be con-sidered as evidence against the accused only if independent evidence, direct or cir-cumstantial, has been admitted into evi-dence that would tend to establish the trust-worthiness of the confession. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would, to the extent the President con-siders practicable, authorize the President to modify Rule 304(c) of the Military Rules of Evidence to conform to the rules governing the corroboration of admissions and confes-sions in the trial of criminal cases in the United States district courts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.058 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6555 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, 
and Transition 
Enhancements to Yellow Ribbon Reintegration 
Program (sec. 551) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
563) that would: (1) expand eligibility for the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program; (2) authorize the Secretary of Defense to enter into partnerships or offer grants for the pro-vision of quality-of-life services under the program; (3) provide flexibility in the num-ber of events and activities provided under the program; and (4) require the Office of Re-integration Programs to collect and analyze best practices in suicide prevention. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 588). 
The Senate recedes. 
Availability of preseparation counseling for 
members of the Armed Forces discharged or released after limited Active Duty (sec. 552) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
561) that would exclude any day on which a member performed full-time training or an-nual training duty and attendance des-ignated as a service school from the calcula-tion of continuous days of Active Duty for the purposes of pre-separation counseling. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 521). 
The Senate recedes. 
Availability of additional training opportunities 
under Transition Assistance Program (sec. 553) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
562) that would require the Secretaries of De-fense and Homeland Security to permit a member of the Armed Forces to receive addi-tional training under the Transition Assist-ance Program in preparation for higher edu-cation or training, career or technical train-ing, or entrepreneurship. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Modification of requirement for in-resident in-
struction for courses of instruction offered as part of Phase II Joint Professional Mili-tary Education (sec. 554) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 536) that would amend section 2154 of title 10, United States Code, to remove the statutory minimum residency requirements for Joint Professional Military Education Phase II courses taught at the Joint Forces Staff College. The provision would also re-peal section 2156 of title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement that the du-ration of the principal course of instruction offered at the Joint Forces Staff College may not be less than 10 weeks of resident instruc-tion, and allow the Secretary of Defense or the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to designate and certify various curricula and delivery methods that adhere to joint cur-ricula content, student acculturation, and faculty requirements. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize Joint Professional Military Education Phase II courses to be taught in residence at or offered through the Joint Forces Staff College or senior level service school designated as a joint profes-sional military education institution. 
Termination of program of educational assist-
ance for reserve component members sup-porting contingency operations and other operations (sec. 555) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 532) that would sunset the program of educational assistance for reserve compo-nent members supporting contingency oper-ations and other operations 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act. The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Appointments to military service academies from 
nominations made by Delegates in Congress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (sec. 556) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
564) that would increase the number of nomi-nations to the military service academies that may be nominated by Delegates in Con-gress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, Amer-ican Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Support for athletic programs of the United 
States Military Academy (sec. 557) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 538) that would add a new section 4362 to title 10, United States Code, that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to: 
(1) Enter into contracts and cooperative 
agreements with the Army West Point Ath-letic Association (Association) for the pur-pose of supporting the athletic and physical fitness programs of the United States Mili-tary Academy (Academy); 
(2) Establish financial controls to account 
for resources of the Academy and the Asso-ciation, in accordance with accepted ac-counting principles; 
(3) Enter into leases or licenses for the pur-
pose of supporting the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy; 
(4) Provide support services to the Associa-
tion; 
(5) Accept from the Association funds, sup-
plies, and services to support the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Acad-emy; and 
(6) Enter into contracts and cooperative 
agreements with the Association. 
The provision would also authorize the As-
sociation to enter into licensing, marketing, and sponsorship agreements relating to trademark and service marks identifying the Academy, subject to the approval of the Sec-retary of the Army. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
clarifying that the authority granted in this provision is limited to athletic programs and not to physical fitness programs. The con-ferees note this limitation is consistent with the authorities granted for the other service academies. 
Condition on admission of defense industrial ci-
vilians to attend the United States Air Force Institute of Technology (sec. 558) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
591) that would amend Section 9314a(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, to provide con-ditions on admission of defense industry ci-vilians who attend the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the requirement that ad-mission of defense industry civilians to the United States Air Force Institute of Tech-nology be on a space-available basis as long as such attendance does not require an in-crease in the size of the faculty, course offer-ings, or laboratory facilities of the school. 
Quality assurance of certification programs and 
standards for professional credentials ob-tained by members of the Armed Forces (sec. 559) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 537) that would amend section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, as amended 
by section 551 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to require the secretaries of the mili-tary departments to ensure the accreditation provided for servicemembers meet recog-nized national and international standards. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Prohibition on receipt of unemployment insur-
ance while receiving post-9/11 educational assistance (sec. 560) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 535) that would clarify that indi-viduals receiving Post-9/11 Education Assist-ance may not also receive unemployment in-surance while receiving the post-9/11 edu-cation benefit. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment that would exempt individuals who were involuntarily separated from service under honorable conditions. 
Job training and post-service placement execu-
tive committee (sec. 561) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
566) that would amend section 320 of title 38, United States Code, to establish a Job Train-ing and Post-Service Placement Executive Committee under the Department of Vet-erans Affairs-Department of Defense Joint Executive Committee, to review existing job training and post-service placement pro-grams and to identify changes to improve job training and post-service placement. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Recognition of additional involuntary mobiliza-
tion duty authorities exempt from five-year 
limit on reemployment rights of persons who serve in the uniformed services (sec. 562) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
565) that would amend section 4312(c)(4)(A) of title 38, United States Code, to insert addi-tional involuntary mobilization authorities as exempt from the 5-year limit on reem-ployment rights of persons who serve in the uniformed services. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Expansion of outreach for veterans 
transitioning from serving on Active Duty (sec. 563) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1083) that would amend the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Vet-erans Act (Public Law 114–2) to expand out-reach for veterans transitioning from Active Duty to inform those individuals of commu-nity oriented veteran peer support networks and other support programs available to them. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education 
and Military Family Readiness Matters 
Continuation of authority to assist local edu-
cational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Depart-ment of Defense civilian employees (sec. 571) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
571) that would authorize $30.0 million in im-pact act aid to assist local education agen-cies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of De-fense civilian employees. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 561) that would authorize $25.0 mil-lion in impact aid to assist local education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:50 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.059 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6556 September 29, 2015 
agencies that benefit dependents of members 
of the Armed Forces and Department of De-fense civilian employees. 
The agreement includes the Senate provi-
sion. 
Impact aid for children with severe disabilities 
(sec. 572) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 562) that would authorize $5.0 mil-lion in impact-aid for children with severe disabilities. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Authority to use appropriated funds to support 
Department of Defense student meal pro-grams in domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools located outside the United States (sec. 573) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 563) that would amend section 2243 of title 10, United States Code, to include overseas defense dependents’ school located in a territory, commonwealth, or possession of the United States. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Family support programs for immediate family 
members of members of the Armed Forces as-signed to special operations forces (sec. 574) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
572) that would extend the family support program authority provided for immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to Special Operations Forces in section 554 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) by 2 years, from 2016 to 2018. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
Authorization for award of the Distinguished- 
Service Cross for acts of extraordinary her-oism during the Korean war (sec. 581) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
581) that would waive the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to award the Distinguished-Serv-ice Cross under section 3742 of such title to Edward Halcomb, who distinguished himself by acts of exceptional heroism while serving in Korea during the Korean War as a member of the United States Army in the grade of Private First Class, in Company B, 1st Bat-talion, 29th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division from August 20, 1950 to October 19, 1950. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle H—Miscellaneous Reports and Other 
Matters 
Coordination with non-government suicide pre-
vention organizations and agencies to assist in reducing suicides by members of the Armed Forces (sec. 591) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
595) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to develop a policy to coordinate the efforts of the Department of Defense and non-governmental suicide prevention organi-zations and to submit that policy to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the service secre-taries, to develop a policy to coordinate the efforts of the Department of Defense and non-government suicide prevention organiza-
tions. 
Extension of semiannual reports on the involun-
tary separation of members of the Armed Forces (sec. 592) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 571) that would amend section 525(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to extend the requirement for semiannual re-ports on involuntary separation of members of the Armed Forces through calendar year 2017. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Report on preliminary mental health screenings 
for individuals becoming members of the Armed Forces (sec. 593) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
598) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to provide a mental health screening to individuals prior to enlisting or commis-sioning in the Armed Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 736) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to provide a report, not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on mental health screenings of individuals enlisting or accessioning into the Armed Forces. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives on the feasibility of conducting a men-tal health screening before the enlistment or accession of an individual into the Armed Forces. 
Report regarding new rulemaking under the 
Military Lending Act and Defense Man-power Data Center reports and meetings (sec. 594) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
599) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit to Congress a report that discusses the ability and reliability of the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) to meet real-time requests for accurate infor-mation needed for lenders to make a deter-mination whether a borrower is covered by the Military Lending Act. Beginning 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and continuing every 6 months there-after, the Director of DMDC will report on the accuracy and reliability of DMDC sys-tems. The Director of DMDC would be fur-ther required to provide a report on plans to strengthen the capabilities of the DMDC to improve identification of covered borrowers and policyholders under military consumer protection laws. The Director of DMDC would be required to meet regularly with pri-vate sector users of DMDC systems con-cerning issues with DMDC systems facing such users with the first meeting to take place 3 months after enactment of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Remotely piloted aircraft career field manning 
shortfalls (sec. 595) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 572) that would require the Sec-retary of the Air Force to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on re-motely piloted aircraft career field manning levels and actions the Air Force will take to rectify personnel shortfalls. The provision would also limit the availability of not more than 85 percent of the fiscal year 2016 oper-ation and maintenance funding for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force until 15 days following the submission of the re-
quired report. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Authority of promotion boards to recommend of-
ficers of particular merit be placed at the top of the promotion list 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 501) that would amend section 616 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize an officer promotion board to recommend of-ficers of particular merit to be placed at the top of the promotion list. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees agree there is a need to re-
view and modernize procedures to select offi-cers for promotion. They encourage the De-partment of Defense to develop recommenda-tions to enhance the flexibility of service of-ficer promotion boards to identify and select officers of particular merit for early pro-motion. The services and career-oriented of-ficers will both benefit if the procedures that result are viewed by all stakeholders as ob-jective and fair. 
Minimum grades for certain corps and related 
positions in the Army, Navy, and Air Force 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 502) that would amend various pro-visions of title 10, United States Code, to re-vise general or flag officer grades in the Army, Navy and Air Force. 
The provision would amend section 3023(a) 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Army Chief of Legislative Liaison be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
The provision would amend section 3039(b) 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Army Assistant Surgeon General be an officer in a grade above the grade of colo-nel. 
The provision would amend section 3069(b) 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Chief of the Army Nurse Corps be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
The provision would amend section 3084 of 
title 10, United States Code, to require that the Army Chief of the Veterinary Corps be an officer in a grade above the grade of lieu-tenant colonel. 
The provision would amend section 5027(a) 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Navy Chief of Legislative Affairs be an officer in a grade above the grade of cap-tain. 
The provision would amend section 5138 of 
title 10, United States Code, to require that the Navy Chief of the Dental Corps be an of-ficer in a grade above the grade of captain. The provision would also remove the author-ity in section 5138(b) that entitles the Navy Chief of the Dental Corps to the same privi-leges of retirement as provided for chiefs of bureaus in section 5133 of title 10, United States Code. 
The provision would amend section 5150(c) 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Navy Directors of Medical Corps be officers in a grade above the grade of cap-tain. 
The provision would amend section 8023(a) 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Air Force Chief of Legislative Liai-son be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
The provision would amend section 8069(b) 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Chief of the Air Force Nurse Corps be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
The provision would amend section 8081 of 
title 10, United States Code, to require that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.060 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6557 September 29, 2015 
the Air Force Assistant Surgeon General for 
Dental Services be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
The provision would provide that in the 
case of an officer who on the date of enact-ment of the Act is serving in a position that is covered by this provision, the continued service of that officer in such position after the date of enactment of the Act shall not be affected by the provision. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Authority to designate certain Reserve officers 
as not to be considered for selection for pro-motion 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 511) that would modify section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, to au-thorize the secretaries of the military de-partments to defer promotion consideration for reserve component officers in a non- participatory (membership points only) sta-tus. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Exemption of military technicians (dual status) 
from civilian employee furloughs 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
513) that would exempt military technicians (dual status) from civilian employee fur-loughs. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Reconciliation of contradictory provisions relat-
ing to citizenship qualifications for enlist-ment in the reserve components of the Armed Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 513) that would amend section 12102(b) of title 10, United States Code, to align the citizenship or residency require-ments for enlistment in the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces with the citizen-ship requirements for the active components. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Annual report on personnel, training, and 
equipment requirements for the non-federal-ized National Guard to support civilian au-thorities in prevention and response to non- catastrophic domestic disasters 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
514) that would amend section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to submit to the congressional defense committees and a list of other officials an annual report on the personnel, training, and equipment require-ments for the non-federalized National Guard to support civilian authorities in the prevention and response to non-catastrophic domestic disasters. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1066) that would amend section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to submit to the congressional de-fense committees and a list of other officials an annual report on the ability of the Na-tional Guard to carry out its federal mis-sions and its ability to carry out emergency support functions of the National Response Framework. 
The House recedes. The Senate recedes. 
The conference report does not include this 
provision. 
National Guard civil and defense support activi-
ties and related matters 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
515) that would amend chapter 1 of title 32, United States Code, related to the National 
Guard’s conduct of the Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System mission. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Electronic tracking of operational active-duty 
service performed by members of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
516) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to establish an electronic tracking sys-tem for members of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces to track their operational Ac-tive-Duty service performed after January 28, 2008. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report within 90 days of enact-ment, on the implementation of section 632 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), which requires the Secretary of Defense to periodically notify each member of the Ready Reserve of reduced eligibility age. 
Limitation on tuition assistance for off-duty 
training or education 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 531) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to certify that assistance for off-duty training or education was re-lated to a servicemember’s professional de-velopment. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Secretary of 
Defense should ensure that servicemembers are utilizing the tuition assistance benefit to further their professional goals through edu-cation by encouraging counseling and advis-ing to assist with establishing a plan unique to each servicemember’s professional devel-opment. 
Reports on educational levels attained by cer-
tain members of the Armed Forces at time of separation from the Armed Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 533) that would require a report on the educational levels attained by certain members of the Armed Forces at the time they separate from the Armed Forces. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Sense of Congress on transferability of unused 
education benefits to family members 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 534) that would express the sense of Congress that each Secretary concerned should exercise the authority to be more se-lective in permitting the transferability of unused education benefits to family mem-bers in a manner that encourages the reten-tion of individuals in the Armed Forces. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The agreement does not include this provi-
sion. 
Burdens of proof applicable to investigations 
and reviews related to protected communica-tions of members of the Armed Forces and prohibited retaliatory actions 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
535) that would amend section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, to require the burdens of proof specified in section 1221(e) of title 5, United States Code, to apply in any inves-tigation conducted by an inspector general under section 1034, any reviews by boards for correction of military records under sections 1034(c) or (d), and by the Secretary of De-fense under section 1034(h). The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Revision of name on military service record to 
reflect change in gender identity after sepa-ration from the Armed Forces 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
536) that would amend section 1551 of title 10, United States Code, to require a service sec-retary to reissue a certificate of discharge of any person who, after separation from the Armed Forces, undergoes a change in gender identity and assumes a different name. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Online access to the higher education compo-
nent of the Transition Assistance Program 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 539) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to notify servicemembers, veterans, or dependents of the availability of the higher education com-ponent of the Transition Assistance Program on the Transition GPS Standalone Training Internet web site of the Department of De-fense. The provision would also direct the Secretary of Defense, in collaboration with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, to assess the feasibility of providing access for vet-erans and dependents to the higher edu-cation component of the Transition Assist-ance Program on the eBenefits Internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs and tracking the completion of that component through that Internet web site. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Access to Special Victims’ Counsel for former de-
pendents of members and former members of the Armed Forces 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
543) that would amend section 1044e(a)(2) of 
title 10, United States Code, to authorize a 
person who is a former dependent of a mem-ber or former member of the Armed Forces to be offered Special Victims’ Counsel serv-ices if the alleged sex-related offense was perpetrated by a person who is, or is reason-ably believed to be, a person subject to the jurisdiction of the Uniform Code of Military Justice and occurred while the individual was a dependent of the member or former member. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Participation by victim in punitive proceedings 
and access to records 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
546) that would require the victim of any of-fense that involves a victim to be provided an opportunity to submit matters for consid-eration in nonjudicial punishment pro-ceedings, and to receive copies of prepared records of the proceedings without charge as soon as a decision is finalized. The provision would also amend chapter 59 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to prescribe regulations to pro-vide victims an opportunity to submit mat-ters concerning the impact of the offense on the victim for consideration by the person or board authorized to provide recommenda-tions and act on administrative separation of enlisted members, and for boards of inquiry administrative separation proceedings for of-ficers. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Victim access to report of results of preliminary 
hearing under Article 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
547) that would amend section 832(c) of title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.061 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6558 September 29, 2015 
10, United States Code (Article 32(c), Uni-
form Code of Military Justice), to require the preliminary hearing report prepared under this section to be provided to the vic-tim, without charge, at the same time as the report is delivered to the accused. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Minimum confinement period required for con-
viction of certain sex-related offenses com-mitted by members of the Armed Forces 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
548) that would amend section 856(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code (Article 56(b)(1), Uniform Code of Military Justice) to require a minimum punishment of a dismissal or dis-honorable discharge and confinement for 2 years for servicemembers convicted of cer-tain sex-related offenses. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Right of victims of offenses under the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice to timely disclosure of certain materials and information in con-nection with prosecution of offenses 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 548) that would amend section 806b(a) of title 10, United States Code, (Arti-cle 6b(a), UCMJ) to require timely disclosure by the trial counsel to a Special Victims’ Counsel, if the victim is so represented, to charges and specifications related to any of-fenses, motions filed by trial or defense counsel, statements of the accused, state-ments of the victim in connection with the offense, portions of the government inves-tigation relating to the victim, and the ad-vice, if any, by a staff judge advocate recom-mending any charge or specification not be referred to trial. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees encourage the Secretary of 
Defense to adopt an electronic system with capabilities similar to those of the Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) system to provide Special Victims’ Counsel, victims, and the general public with court- martial docketing information and case fil-ings. 
Release to victims upon request of complete 
record of proceedings and testimony of courts-martial in cases in which sentences adjudged could include punitive discharge 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 550) that would amend section 854(e) of title 10, United States Code (article 54(e), UCMJ), to expand the circumstances under which an alleged victim must be pro-vided a copy of all prepared records of the proceedings of a court-martial. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. Executive Order 13669, June 13, 2014, 
amended Rule for Courts-Martial 1103 to re-quire that a free record of trial be provided to any victim named in a specification alleg-ing a sex offense. 
Modification of Manual for Courts-Martial to 
require consistent preparation of the full record of trial 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
552) that would require the amendment of Rule 1103 of the Manual for Courts-Martial relating to the preparation of the record of trial to require the trial counsel to prepare a complete record of trial for any general or special court-martial and that no content may be exempted from the record of trial based on the outcome of the court-martial proceeding. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The House recedes. 
Inclusion of additional information in annual 
reports regarding Department of Defense sexual assault prevention and response 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
553) that would amend section 1631(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) to require information on cases under the Family Advocacy Program, sexual harass-ment involving members of the Armed Forces, and reports of retaliation against victims of sexual assault to be included in reports required to be submitted under sec-tion 1631 of that Act by March 1, 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Establishment of Office of Complex Investiga-
tions within the National Guard Bureau 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 554) that would add a new section to Chapter 1101 of title 10, United States Code, that would establish an Office of Com-plex Investigations within the National Guard Bureau (NGB), with authority to as-sist the States in administrative investiga-tions of sexual assault involving members of the National Guard, and circumstances in-volving members of the Guard where States have limited jurisdiction or authority and such other circumstances as the Chief of the NGB directs. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees believe that this legislation 
is unnecessary as the Office of Complex In-vestigations has already been established in the National Guard Bureau. 
Additional guidance regarding release of mental 
health records of Department of Defense medical treatment facilities in cases involv-ing any sex-related offense 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
555) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to issue uniform guidance with respect to mental health records of the alleged vic-tim in any case involving any sex-related of-fense to require that such records are neither sought by investigators or military justice practitioners nor acknowledged or released by the medical treatment facility except as ordered by a military judge or hearing offi-cer described in section 832(b) of title 10, United States Code, (Article 32(b), Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees understand that the release 
of mental health records can constitute an invasion of privacy. Conferees are also aware that overly broad restrictions on release of mental health records could adversely im-pact necessary law enforcement investiga-tions such as when the alleged victim is de-ceased. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to issue specific, uniform guidance regarding release of mental health records to ensure an appropriate balance between the interests of law enforcement and victim pri-vacy. 
Public availability of records of certain pro-
ceedings under the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
556) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to make available to the public, elec-tronically through a website of the Depart-ment of Defense, specified information for all proceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) including special and general courts-martial, actions by a con-vening authority under section 860 of title 10, United States Code (Article 60, UCMJ), re-views conducted by the Courts of Criminal 
Appeals under section 866 (Article 66, UCMJ) and reviews conducted by the Court of Ap-peals for the Armed Forces under section 867 (Article 67, UCMJ). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees encourage the Secretary of 
Defense to adopt an electronic system with capabilities similar to those of the Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) system to provide Special Victims’ Counsel, victims, and the general public with court- martial docketing information and case fil-ings. 
Revision of Department of Defense Directive- 
Type memorandum 15–003, relating to reg-istered sex offender identification, notifica-tion, and monitoring in the Department of Defense 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
557) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to revise the Department of Defense Directive-Type memorandum 15–003, relating to registered sex offender identification, no-tification, and monitoring in the Depart-ment of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. This provision is no longer necessary as 
section 502 of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22), en-acted on May 29, 2015, amends the Sex Of-fender Registration and Notification Act to require the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Attorney General information to be included in the National Sex Offender Reg-istry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Of-fender Public Website regarding certain sex offenders. 
Sense of Congress on the service of military fam-
ilies and on sentencing retirement-eligible members of the Armed Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 557) that would express the sense of Congress that military juries should not face the difficult choice between imposing a fair sentence or protecting the benefits of a member of the Armed Forces for the sake of family members, that family members of re-tirement-eligible members should not be ad-versely affected by the loss of the member’s military benefits as a result of a court-mar-tial conviction, and welcoming the oppor-tunity to work with the Department of De-fense to develop authorities to improve the military justice system and protect benefits that military families have helped earn. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Biennial surveys of military dependents on mili-
tary family readiness matters 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 564) that would require the Direc-tor of the Office of Family Policy of the De-partment of Defense to conduct biennial sur-veys of adult dependents of members of the Armed Forces on military family readiness matters. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Direct employment pilot program for members of 
the National Guard and Reserve 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
567) that would authorize a direct employ-ment pilot program for members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserve in the amount of up to $20.0 million per fiscal year. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.062 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6559 September 29, 2015 
Program regarding civilian credentialing for 
skills required for certain military occupa-tional specialties 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
568) that would amend section 558 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) by adding addi-tional military occupational specialties to the pilot program required under that sec-tion. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Mariner training 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
569) that would amend section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, to require members of the Armed Forces whose duties are primarily as a mariner to receive training necessary to meet requirements for licenses and certifi-cates for merchant mariners. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Report on civilian and military education to re-
spond to future threats 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
570) that would require a report from the Secretary of Defense on civilian and military educational activities aimed at addressing future threats. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Availability of cyber security and IT certifi-
cations for Department of Defense personnel critical to network defense 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
570a) that would authorize the Department of Defense to utilize funds to obtain cyber se-curity and IT certifications for Department of Defense personnel critical to network de-fense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees recognize that industry 
cyber security and IT certifications may be helpful to a certain category of network op-erators and maintainers, but may not be comparable to the training required for more advanced network defense skills needed by critical personnel at the Department of De-fense. The conferees are concerned that the full scope of needs in this area as compared to the funding available are not yet well un-derstood, nor is the contribution of these in-dustry certifications to the training needed of the cyber mission forces. The conferees believe that until those requirements are better understood, the current scope of fund-ed certification activities should remain sta-ble until there is a better established connec-tion between cyber security and IT certifi-cations and the skills required for specific positions with the Department of Defense. However, the conferees note industry recog-nized cyber security and IT certifications may be beneficial for some Department of Defense personnel critical to network de-fense. Therefore, the conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to examine the needs of the Department and determine the extent and role industry cyber security and IT cer-tifications should play in workforce manage-ment. 
Support for efforts to improve academic achieve-
ment and transition of military dependent students 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
573) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to make grants to non-profit organi-zations that provide services to military de-pendent students. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The agreement does not include this provi-
sion. 
The conferees encourage the Secretary of 
Defense to use existing authority to work with non-profit organizations to provide services to military dependent students to improve academic achievement and civic re-sponsibility. 
Study regarding feasibility of using DEERS to 
track dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees who are elementary or secondary education students 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
574) that would require a study by the Sec-retary of Defense on the feasibility of using DEERS, the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System, to track dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Depart-ment of Defense civilian employees who are elementary or secondary education students. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Sense of Congress regarding support for depend-
ents of members of the Armed Forces attend-ing specialized camps 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
575) that expressed the sense of the Congress regarding support for dependents of members of the Armed Forces attending specialized camps. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Limitation on authority of secretaries of the 
military departments regarding revocation of combat valor awards 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
582) that would limit the authority of secre-taries of the military departments to revoke a combat valor award for conduct that was not honorable to conduct that occurred dur-ing the period for which the award was awarded. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees expect the service secre-
taries to conduct a thorough and objective review of the facts and evidence before decid-ing to revoke a combat valor award. 
Award of Purple Heart to members of the Armed 
Forces who were victims of the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, bombing 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
583) that would require the secretary of the military service concerned to award the Pur-ple Heart to certain named members who were killed in the bombing that occurred at the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on April 19, 1995. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Atomic Veterans Service Medal 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
584) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to design, produce, and distribute a military service medal to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Posthumous commission as a captain in the reg-
ular Army for Milton Holland 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
585) that would posthumously promote to captain in the regular Army, Milton Holland, who, while serving as sergeant major of the 5th Regiment, United States Colored Infan-try, was awarded the Medal of Honor in rec-ognition of his action on September 29, 1864, at the Battle of Chapin’s Farm, Virginia. The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Sense of Congress supporting the decision of the 
Army to posthumously promote Master Ser-geant (retired) Naomi Horwitz to sergeant major 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
586) that would express a sense of Congress supporting the decision of the Army to post-humously promote Master Sergeant (retired) Naomi Horwitz to sergeant major. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the Secretary of the 
Army approved the posthumous promotion in March 2015. 
Priority processing of applications for Transpor-
tation Worker Identification Credentials for members undergoing discharge or release from the Armed Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 589) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to consult with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to afford a pri-ority in the processing of applications for a Transportation Worker Identification Cre-dential (TWIC) submitted by members of the Armed Forces who are undergoing separa-tion, discharge, or release from the Armed Forces under honorable conditions. The pro-vision would also require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to jointly submit a report on the im-plementation requirements of this provision not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees consider it unacceptable 
that servicemembers transitioning from Ac-tive Duty, and recent honorably discharged veterans, continue to report significant delays in processing time to be issued Trans-portation Workers Identification Credentials (TWIC). Further, the Transportation Secu-rity Administration requires Active-Duty personnel as well as veterans who recently transitioned from Active Duty to undergo and pay for a separate security review before issuing TWIC. Because many transitioning servicemembers are qualified and motivated to serve in the maritime industry, the con-ferees expect the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security to consult to eliminate processing delays and waive fees for transitioning servicemembers and for honorably discharged veterans. 
Issuance of Recognition of Service ID Cards to 
certain members separating from the Armed Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 590) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to issue an identification card that identifies individuals as veterans, personalized with name and photo of the in-dividual. The Secretary of Defense would be authorized to work with retailers for reduced prices on services, consumer products, and pharmaceuticals for individuals possessing a Recognition of Service ID Card. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that an alternative op-
tion exists for honorably discharged veterans to utilize state-issued ID cards that des-ignate veteran status. Veterans in 44 states and the District of Columbia may apply for a driver’s license or State-issued ID card that designates veteran status. The remain-ing states (California, Hawaii, Illinois, Min-nesota, New Jersey, and Washington) are ei-ther pending legislation or have legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.063 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6560 September 29, 2015 
that has been signed into law but is not yet 
effective. Additionally, since January 2014, honorably separated members of the Uni-formed Services are able to obtain an ID card providing proof of military service through the joint DOD–VA eBenefits web portal. 
Revised policy on network services for military 
services 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 591) that would generally limit the use of uniformed military personnel in the provision of network services for military in-stallations in the continental United States. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees are concerned that the mili-
tary services, particularly the Air Force, are devoting more resources and uniformed mili-tary personnel for the provision of network services than are necessary, considering the commercial network services capabilities that may be available at lower costs. While the conferees believe the use of uniformed military personnel for network services is necessary in some cases, for example aboard ships or at expeditionary bases, there is less rationale for this use of uniform military personnel at permanent military installa-tions within the continental United States. 
Therefore, the conferees direct the Direc-
tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evalua-tion (CAPE) to evaluate the potential sav-ings for the Department of Defense in both resources and military end strength that could be achieved by increasing the use of commercial network services capabilities within the continental United States. CAPE shall provide a briefing on their findings, in-cluding any recommendations, to the con-gressional defense committees no later than March 1, 2016. 
Honoring certain members of the Reserve compo-
nents as veterans 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
592) that would amend chapter 1 of title 38, United States Code, to require certain mem-bers of the reserve components be honored as veterans, provided that such members would not be authorized to receive any benefit ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs solely by reason of honorary veteran status. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Improved enumeration of members of the Armed 
Forces in any tabulation of total population by Secretary of Commerce 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 593) that would amend section 1141 of title 13, United States Code, to require that the Secretary of Commerce, beginning with the 2020 Decennial census of population, in taking any tabulation of total population by States, to take appropriate measures to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all members of the Armed Forces de-ployed abroad on the date of taking such tabulation are (1) fully and accurately count-ed; and (2) properly attributed to the state in which their permanent duty station or homeport is located on such date. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Sense of Congress regarding support for military 
divers 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
593) that would express the sense of Congress regarding support for military divers. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. Sense of Congress on desirability of service-wide 
adoption of Gold Star Installation Access Card 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
596) that would express the sense of Congress that the secretaries of the military depart-ments should provide for the issuance of a Gold Star Installation Access Card to family members of deceased members of the Armed Forces in order to expedite access to instal-lations for the purpose of obtaining on-base services and military benefits for which a Gold Star family member is eligible. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the Department of 
the Army has initiated a program to provide Gold Star Installation Access Cards to Gold Star family members and encourage the other military departments to do the same. 
Annual report on performance of regional of-
fices of the Department of Veterans Affairs 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
597) that would amend section 7734 of title 38, United States Code, to require the individual serving as director of a regional office of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide an annual report on the performance of any regional office that fails to meet its adminis-trative goals. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
T
ITLE VI—C OMPENSATION AND OTHER  
PERSONNEL BENEFITS  
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
No fiscal year 2016 increase in basic pay for gen-
eral and flag officers (sec. 601) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 601) that would authorize a pay raise of 1.3 percent for all members of the uniformed services in pay grades O–6 and below effective January 1, 2016, and that would freeze the monthly basic pay for all general and flag officers, including for those whose monthly basic pay is limited to the rate of pay for level II of the Executive Schedule. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would remove reference to the pay raise for grades O–6 and below. 
The conferees note that the President has 
authority under section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, to implement the 1.3 percent pay raise for pay grades O–6 and below in the absence of a provision specifi-cally setting a different pay raise. 
Limitation on eligibility for supplemental sub-
sistence allowances to members serving out-side the United States and associated terri-tory (sec. 602) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 606) that would sunset on Sep-tember 30, 2016, the supplemental subsistence allowance for servicemembers serving inside the United States. Servicemembers serving outside the United States, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or Guam would still be eligi-ble to receive the supplemental subsistence allowance from the Department of Defense. The provision is based on the final report of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Phased-in modification of percentage of na-
tional average monthly cost of housing usa-ble in computation of basic allowance for housing inside the United States (sec. 603) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 602) that would amend section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, to au-
thorize the Secretary of Defense to reduce the monthly amount of the basic allowance for housing (BAH) by up to 5 percent of the national average for housing for a given pay grade and dependency status. Servicemembers will not see this modifica-tion of their BAH until they change duty stations. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The agreement contains the Senate provi-
sion with an amendment that would reduce the monthly amount of the BAH through a tiered system with 1 percent in 2015, 2 per-cent in 2016, 3 percent in 2017, 4 percent in 2018, and 5 percent in 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter. The conferees strongly be-lieve that this change to the calculation of BAH should not be used to justify the collec-tion of out-of-pocket housing expenses, in ex-cess of BAH, from servicemembers assigned to a housing unit acquired or constructed using the authority in subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code. 
Extension of authority to provide temporary in-
crease in rates of basic allowance for hous-ing under certain circumstances (sec. 604) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
601) that would extend for 1 year the author-ity of the Secretary of Defense to tempo-rarily increase the rate of basic allowance for housing in areas impacted by natural dis-asters or experiencing a sudden influx of per-sonnel. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 603). 
The Senate recedes. 
Availability of information under the Food and 
Nutrition Act of 2008 (sec. 605) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 607) that would allow for the Sec-retary of Defense to obtain from the Sec-retary of Agriculture information for the purposes of determining the number of Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program ap-plicant households that contain one or more members of a regular or reserve component of the Armed Forces. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and 
Incentive Pays 
One-year extension of certain bonus and special 
pay authorities for reserve forces (sec. 611) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
611) that would extend for 1 year the author-ity to pay the Selected Reserve reenlistment bonus, the Selected Reserve affiliation or en-listment bonus, special pay for enlisted members assigned to certain high-priority units, the Ready Reserve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service, the Ready Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service, the Selected Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service, travel ex-penses for certain inactive-duty training, and income replacement for reserve compo-nent members experiencing extended and fre-quent mobilization for active duty service. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 611). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
One-year extension of certain bonus and special 
pay authorities for health care professionals (sec. 612) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
612) that would extend for 1 year the author-ity to pay the nurse officer candidate acces-sion bonus, education loan repayment for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve, accession and retention 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.064 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6561 September 29, 2015 
bonuses for psychologists, the accession 
bonus for registered nurses, incentive special pay for nurse anesthetists, special pay for Selected Reserve health professionals in critically short wartime specialties, the ac-cession bonus for dental officers, the acces-sion bonus for pharmacy officers, the acces-sion bonus for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties, and the accession bonus for dental specialist officers in criti-cally short wartime specialties. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 612). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
One-year extension of special pay and bonus 
authorities for nuclear officers (sec. 613) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
613) that would extend for 1 year the author-ity to pay the special pay for nuclear-quali-fied officers extending period of active serv-ice, the nuclear career accession bonus, and the nuclear career annual incentive bonus. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 613). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
One-year extension of authorities relating to 
title 37 consolidated special pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities (sec. 614) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
614) that would extend for 1 year the general bonus authority for enlisted members, the general bonus authority for officers, special bonus and incentive pay authorities for nu-clear officers, special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers, and spe-cial bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions, and con-tracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Officers’ Training Corps. The provision would also extend for 1 year the authority to pay hazardous duty pay, assignment or special duty pay, skill in-centive pay or proficiency bonus, and reten-tion incentives for members qualified in crit-ical military skills or assigned to high pri-ority units. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 614). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
One-year extension of authorities relating to 
payment of other title 37 bonuses and spe-cial pays (sec. 615) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
615) that would extend for 1 year the author-ity to pay the aviation officer retention bonus, assignment incentive pay, the reen-listment bonus for active members, the en-listment bonus, precommissioning incentive pay for foreign language proficiency, the ac-cession bonus for new officers in critical skills, the incentive bonus for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease per-sonnel shortage, the incentive bonus for transfer between Armed Forces, and the ac-cession bonus for officer candidates. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 615). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Increase in maximum annual amount of nuclear 
officer bonus pay (sec. 616) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
616) that would increase the maximum an-nual amount of nuclear officer bonus pay to $50,000 for retention purposes. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 616). 
The Senate recedes. 
Modification to special aviation incentive pay 
and bonus authority for officers (sec. 617) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
617) that would increase special aviation in-centive pay from $25,000 to $35,000 and make 
technical amendments to the aviation pay and bonus authorities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would increase aviation incentive pay from $25,000 to $35,000 for officers performing qualifying flying duty relating to remotely piloted aircraft. 
Repeal of obsolete authority to pay bonus to en-
courage Army personnel to refer persons for enlistment in the Army (sec. 618) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 617) that would repeal section 3252 of title 10, United States Code. This section authorized the Secretary of the Army to pay bonuses to encourage Army personnel to refer persons for enlistment in the Army. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
Transportation to transfer ceremonies for family 
and next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die overseas during humani-tarian operations (sec. 621) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 623) that would authorize transpor-tation to transfer ceremonies for the family and next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die overseas during humani-tarian relief operations. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Repeal of obsolete special travel and transpor-
tation allowance for survivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces from the Viet-nam conflict (sec. 622) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
618) that would repeal section 481f(d) of title 37, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 621). 
The Senate recedes. 
Study and report on policy changes to the Joint 
Travel Regulations (sec. 623) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 622) that would require the Comp-troller General to study the impact of recent policy changes to the Joint Travel Regula-tions for servicemembers and civilian em-ployees regarding flat rate per diem. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
P
ARTI—R ETIRED PAYREFORM  
Modernized retirement system for members of 
the uniformed services (sec. 631) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
632) that would establish a new military re-tirement defined benefit that, when com-bined with the government-matching Thrift Savings Plan, as described elsewhere in this Act, would comprise a new hybrid retirement system. This new system would apply to new entrants after January 1, 2018, and to those already serving members who choose to opt- in. The new defined benefit would continue to apply only to those members who reach 20 years of service, with a multiplier rate of 2.0 times years of service rather than the cur-rent rate of 2.5 times years of service. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 632). 
The agreement includes the House provi-
sion with an amendment that would limit service members who may opt-in to the new retirement system to those with less than 12 years of service. The agreement also includes an amendment that would repeal the modi-
fied cost-of-living adjustment for members under the age of 62 made by section 403 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1186), as amended by section 10001(a) of the Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division C of Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 151), section 2 of Public Law 113–82 (128 Stat. 1009), and section 623 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3403). 
Full participation for members of the uniformed 
services in the Thrift Savings Plan (sec. 632) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
631) that would provide a government-match-ing Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) benefit for those who would enter uniformed service on or after October 1, 2017, or a member serving before that date who makes a voluntary elec-tion to opt-in to the new plan. The TSP ele-ment would provide a 1 percent automatic agency contribution to all uniformed service members upon reaching 60 days of service and continue until they would reach their second year of service. At 2 years of service, a member’s TSP would vest and the Sec-retary concerned would begin matching TSP contributions up to 5 percent of that servicemember’s base pay for a maximum government contribution totaling 6 percent of basic pay. Uniformed service members would be automatically enrolled at 3 percent matching contributions with the option to raise or lower their contribution level. TSP government-funded matching contributions would continue until a uniformed service member leaves or retires from the uniformed service. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 631) that would set the ap-plicable initial entry date at January 1, 2018, provide a maximum government contribu-tion of 5 percent (with the first one percent being an automatic agency contribution), and stop the government match at 20 years of service. 
The agreement includes the Senate provi-
sion with an amendment to provide govern-ment matching contributions in the TSP through 26 years of service. The conferees note that all uniformed service members who would enter and serve prior to the date of implementation of the modernized retire-ment system would be grandfathered into the old retirement system. 
Lump sum payments of certain retired pay (sec. 
633) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 633) that would allow the voluntary election of lump sum payments of retired pay for those under the modernized retire-ment system who serve 20 or more years of service. Members who elect to take the lump sum may choose to take 100 percent or 50 percent of the discounted present value of their defined retirement benefit that would be due to them prior to becoming fully eligi-ble for Social Security. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would allow members who elect to take the lump sum an option of choosing to take 50 percent or 25 percent of the discounted present value of their defined retirement benefit that would be due to them prior to becoming fully eligible for Social Security. 
The conferees strongly urge the Secre-
taries concerned to coordinate with the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs on counseling, or otherwise informing, new retirees on the im-pact this election may have on their eligi-bility for certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.066 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6562 September 29, 2015 
Continuation pay after 12 years of service for 
members of the uniformed services partici-pating in the modernized retirement systems (sec. 634) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
633) that would direct the Secretary con-cerned to provide continuation pay to servicemembers serving under the new mili-tary retirement system described above who reach 12 years of service, contingent upon such members agreeing to serve another 4 years of service. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 634). 
The Senate recedes. 
Effective date and implementation (sec. 635) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
634) that would provide for an effective date of January 1, 2018 for the modernized mili-tary retirement system. The provision also requires an implementation plan due to the appropriate committees of Congress on March 1, 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
P
ARTII—O THER MATTERS  
Death of former spouse beneficiaries and subse-
quent remarriages under Survivor Benefit Plan (sec. 641) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 641) that would amend section 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code, to allow for the election of a new spouse bene-ficiary after the death of a former spouse beneficiary. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non–Appro-
priated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
Plan to obtain budget-neutrality for the defense 
commissary system and the military ex-change system (sec. 651) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 652) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit a report, not later than March 1, 2016, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, setting forth a plan to privatize the Defense Commissary System, in whole or in part. The provision would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to provide a report that assesses the plan of the Department to pri-vatize the Defense Commissary System to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 120 days following submission of the report by the Secretary of Defense. Fol-lowing submission of the Comptroller Gen-eral’s assessment of the Department’s com-missary privatization plan, the Department would be required to carry out a 2-year pilot program at no fewer than five commissaries in the largest markets of the commissary system to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of the plan. Within 180 days after completion of the pilot program, the Sec-retary of Defense would submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that provides an assessment of the com-missary privatization plan. 
The Senate amendment contained another 
provision (sec. 1025) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report, not later than February 1, 2016, to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, assessing the via-bility of privatizing the commissary system, in part or in whole. The Secretary would submit the report prior to development of any plans or pilot program to privatize com-
missaries or the commissary system. The provision would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to provide a re-port that assesses the plan of the Depart-ment to privatize the Defense Commissary System to the committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives, not later than May 1, 2016. The provision would make Section 652 of the Sen-ate amendment null and void. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than March 1, 2016, that provides a comprehensive plan to make delivery of commissary and exchange benefits budget neutral by October 1, 2018. The amendment would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to provide a report that assesses the Depart-ment’s plan to make the commissary and ex-change benefit budget neutral to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 120 days following submission of the report by the Secretary of Defense. The amendment would authorize the Secretary of Defense to con-duct one or more pilot programs to evaluate processes and methods for achieving budget neutral commissary and exchange benefits. 
Comptroller General of the United States report 
on the Commissary Surcharge, Non-appro-priated Fund, and Privately-financed Major Construction Program (sec. 652) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 653) that would require the Comp-troller General of the United States to exam-ine the policies and procedures of the Sec-retary of Defense to ensure timely notifica-tion of construction projects proposed to be funded through the Commissary Surcharge, Non-appropriated Fund, and Privately-fi-nanced Major Construction Program of the Department of Defense and to submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing an assessment of this program no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Improvement of financial literacy and prepared-
ness of members of the Armed Forces (sec. 661) 
The House bill contained provision (sec. 
651) that would require financial literacy training for servicemembers upon arrival at the first duty station and upon arrival at each subsequent duty station for servicemembers below the pay grade of E–5 in the case of enlisted personnel and below the pay grade of O–4 in the case of officers. The provision would further require financial literacy training for each servicemember at various career and life milestones. The pro-vision would also direct the Department of Defense to include a financial literacy and preparedness survey in the status of forces survey. The provision would also express the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of Defense should work with other depart-ments, agencies, and nonprofit organizations to improve financial literacy and prepared-ness with support from the service secre-taries. This provision was recommended by the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission. 
The Senate amendment contained similar 
provisions (secs. 581, 582, and 583). 
The agreement includes the House provi-
sion with a technical amendment. Recordation of obligations for installment pay-
ments of incentive pays, allowances, and similar benefits when payment is due (sec. 662) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 587) that would provide express au-thority for the long-established practice of the Department of Defense of obligating bonus and special and incentive pay install-ment payments at the time payment is due and payable. This provision is in response to a recent U.S. Government Accountability Of-fice opinion, Comp. Gen. B–325526—Obliga-tion of Bonuses under Military Service Agreements, July 16, 2014, which concluded that the Department of Defense cedes fiscal exposure to servicemembers when it enters into such agreements and should change its obligational practices to obligate the entire bonus amount when the agreement is signed. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Prohibition on per diem allowance reductions 
based on the duration of temporary duty as-signment or civilian travel 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
602) that would prohibit per diem allowance reductions based on the duration of tem-porary duty assignment or civilian travel. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Basic allowance for housing for members of the 
Uniformed Services who live together 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 604) that would amend section 403 of title 37, United States Code, to limit the basic allowance for housing (BAH) for dual military married couples who are assigned within normal commuting distance from each other to one allowance at the with de-pendent rate, for the member with the high-er pay grade. The provision would also limit BAH for uniformed service members above E–3 residing with other uniformed service members to 75 percent of their otherwise pre-vailing rate, or the E–4 without dependents rate, whichever is greater. Affected members would see no reduction in their BAH as a re-sult of this provision so long as they main-tain uninterrupted eligibility to receive BAH within a particular housing area. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees intend to reform this policy 
next year. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report no later than March 1, 2016, to the Senate and House Com-mittees on Armed Services containing an as-sessment and recommendations of the Sec-retary on how to amend the current BAH system to most accurately capture actual housing costs as a limiting element of the basic allowance for housing, to include an as-sessment of BAH as applied in particular cir-cumstances where the current benefit may over- or under-compensate individuals based on their actual housing costs, to include sin-gle members of the armed forces and those who share accommodations with other mem-bers receiving the benefit. In developing these recommendations, the Secretary shall consider the primary purpose of the benefit to offset housing costs of uniformed mem-bers incurred by virtue of their service. 
Repeal of inapplicability of modification of basic 
allowance for housing to benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 605) that would repeal subsection (b) of section 604 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) effective January 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.067 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6563 September 29, 2015 
The House bill contained no similar 
amendment. 
The Senate recedes. 
The conferees note that the Senate and 
House Veterans Affairs Committees intend to take up this matter. If it is not addressed by May 2016, it will be re-considered for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017. 
Policies of the Department of Defense on travel 
of next of kin to participate in the dignified transfer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Depart-ment of Defense who die overseas 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 624) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to review the current poli-cies of the Department of Defense regarding travel authorization for family and next of kin of service members and civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Department of 
Defense has notified the congressional de-fense committees it is already conducting the review described in this provision. Fur-ther, the conference agreement includes a separate provision to make the necessary changes in law for the authorization for travel to the dignified transfer ceremony for family and next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die overseas in support of humanitarian operations. The conferees ex-pect the Secretary, upon conclusion of the aforementioned review, to make regulatory changes in order to address inequities within the system, as the Secretary determines are appropriate. 
Authority for retirement flexibility for members 
of the uniformed services 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 635) that would give the Secretary concerned the flexibility to modify the years of service required for non-disability retire-ment under the new military retirement sys-tem for particular occupational specialties or other groupings in order to facilitate force shaping or to correct manpower shortages within an occupational specialty. 
The House bill contained no similar 
amendment. 
The Senate recedes. 
Preserving assured commissary supply to Asia 
and the Pacific 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
641) that would prohibit changes to second destination transportation policy that ap-plies to shipment of fresh fruits and vegeta-bles to Asia and the Pacific theater until the Defense Commissary Agency conducts a comprehensive study on the fresh fruit and vegetable supply for the region and submits a report on the study to Congress. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Prohibition on replacement or consolidation of 
defense commissary and exchange systems pending submission of required report on Defense Commissary System 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
642) that would prohibit the Secretary of De-fense from taking action to replace or con-solidate the defense commissary and ex-change systems before submission of the re-port on the defense commissary system re-quired by section 634 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. Transitional compensation and other benefits 
for dependents of members of the Armed Forces ineligible to receive retired pay as a result of court-martial sentence 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 642) that would add a new section 1059a to title 10, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to carry out a program that would authorize monthly tran-sitional compensation, including com-missary and exchange store access, to de-pendents or former dependents of a member of the Armed Forces who is ineligible to re-ceive retired pay as a result of a court-mar-tial sentence. The provision would allow the secretary concerned to determine that a de-pendent or former dependent would not be el-igible for transitional compensation if that person was an active participant in the con-duct constituting the offense under chapter 47 of title 10. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Commissary system matters 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 651) that would authorize the De-partment of Defense to treat second destina-tion transportation costs for commissary goods and supplies overseas like transpor-tation costs within the United States by transferring those costs to the commissary patron in the price of goods. In addition, the provision would authorize the Department to transfer the cost of obtaining supplies re-quired for the daily operations of com-missaries and store-level offices dedicated to supporting commissary operations from the defense working capital fund to the sur-charge fund. The provision would also au-thorize the Defense Commissary Agency to establish the sales price of merchandise sold in commissary stores in amounts sufficient to finance the purchase of operating supplies and replenishment of merchandise inven-tories. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Availability for purchase of Department of Vet-
erans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for members of reserve components who performed certain training 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
652) that would amend section 2306 of title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make available for purchase a memorial headstone or marker for the marked or unmarked grave of an in-dividual who, as a member of the National Guard or reserve component, performed inac-tive duty training or Active Duty for train-ing for at least 6 years. The individual must not have served on Active Duty and must otherwise be eligible on account of the na-ture of the individual’s separation from the Armed Forces or other causes. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees understand that members of 
the reserve component who wish to purchase a memorial headstone or marker can pur-chase a nearly identical headstone or marker from private vendors. 
T
ITLE VII—H EALTH CAREPROVISIONS  
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
Access to TRICARE Prime for certain bene-
ficiaries (sec. 701) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
705) that would amend section 732(c)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to author-ize an eligible TRICARE beneficiary to make 
a one-time election for TRICARE Prime if the beneficiary: 1) resides in a location in which TRICARE Prime is no longer available because of the location in which the bene-ficiary resides; and 2) the beneficiary resided within 100 miles of a military medical treat-ment facility as of December 25, 2013. This provision would not apply to an affected eli-gible beneficiary who resides, as of December 25, 2013, greater than 100 miles from a mili-tary medical treatment facility and is an eli-gible beneficiary by reason of service in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Modifications of cost-sharing for the TRICARE 
pharmacy benefits program (sec. 702) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 702) that would require modifica-tions of prescription drug co-pays for the TRICARE pharmacy benefits program for years 2016 through 2025. After 2025, the De-partment of Defense (DOD) would establish co-pay amounts equal to the co-pay amounts for the previous year adjusted by an amount, if any, to reflect increases in costs of phar-maceutical agents and prescription dis-pensing fees. With this provision, bene-ficiaries would continue to receive prescrip-tion drugs at no cost in military medical treatment facilities, and there would be no changes to co-pays for survivors of members who died on Active Duty or for a disabled member retired under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code, and their family mem-bers. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would modify prescription drug co-pays beginning in 2016. 
The conferees agree that comprehensive 
reform of the military health care system is essential and commit to working with the Department of Defense in fiscal year 2017 to begin reforming the military healthcare sys-tem. This reform must improve access, qual-ity and the experience of care for all bene-ficiaries; maintain medical readiness of the military health professionals; and ensure the long-term viability and cost effectiveness of the military health care system. The current system has not kept pace with the best prac-tices and latest innovations in the commer-cial healthcare market and will not meet the future needs of the DOD, the servicemembers, families, or retirees. In order to modernize and improve the military healthcare system, the conferees agree that all elements of the current system must be re-evaluated, and that increases to fees and co-pays will be a necessary part of such a comprehensive reform effort. 
Expansion of continued health benefits coverage 
to include discharged and released members of the Selected Reserve (sec. 703) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 703) that would amend section 1078a of title 10, United States Code, to au-thorize a member of the Selected Reserve, who is discharged or released under other than adverse conditions from service in the Selected Reserve, to be eligible to enroll, for a period of 18 months, in the Department of Defense program of continued health bene-fits coverage. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the member of the Se-lected Reserve to be enrolled in TRICARE Reserve Select immediately preceding the discharge of the member. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.068 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6564 September 29, 2015 
Access to health care under the TRICARE pro-
gram for beneficiaries of TRICARE Prime (sec. 704) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 711) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to ensure that covered TRICARE beneficiaries obtain health care appointments within access standards and wait-time goals established by the Depart-ment of Defense for primary care and spe-cialty care or, if the beneficiary is unable to obtain an appointment within the wait-time goals, to offer the beneficiary an appoint-ment with a contracted health care provider. The provision would also require the Sec-retary to publish health care access stand-ards in the Federal Register and on a pub-licly accessible Internet web site of the De-partment of Defense and to publish appoint-ment wait-times for primary and specialty care on the publicly accessible Internet web site of each military medical treatment fa-cility. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to ensure that TRICARE Prime beneficiaries obtain health care appointments within health care access standards established by the Secretary, including through health care providers in the TRICARE preferred provider network. The amendment would also require the Secretary to publish health care access standards in the Federal Register and on a publicly accessible Internet web site of the Department of Defense. 
Expansion of reimbursement for smoking ces-
sation services for certain TRICARE bene-ficiaries (sec. 705) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 704) that would amend section 713(f) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417) to expand reimbursement for smoking cessation services for certain TRICARE beneficiaries. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Waiver of recoupment of erroneous payments 
caused by administrative error under the TRICARE program (sec. 711) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 715) that would amend chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Defense to waive recoupment of payment from a covered TRICARE bene-
ficiary who has benefited from an erroneous TRICARE payment in which all of the fol-lowing apply: (1) the payment was made due to an administrative error by an employee of the Department of Defense or a TRICARE program contractor; (2) the covered bene-ficiary, or in the case of a minor, the parent or guardian of the covered beneficiary, rea-sonably believed the covered beneficiary was entitled to the benefit of such payment; (3) the covered beneficiary relied on the expec-tation of benefit entitlement; and (4) the Secretary determines that a waiver of recoupment of such payment is necessary to prevent an injustice. In the case of adminis-trative error on the part of a TRICARE con-tractor, the provision would require the Sec-retary to impose financial responsibility on the contractor for the erroneous payment. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Publication of data on patient safety, quality of 
care, satisfaction, and health outcome meas-ures under the TRICARE program (sec. 712) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 732) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to publish public data on 
measures used to assess patient safety, qual-ity of care, patient satisfaction, and health outcomes on the primary Internet web site of the Department of Defense and on the pri-mary Internet web site of that facility that provided the health care. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would amend section 1073b of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to publish appropriate data on measures used to assess patient safety, qual-ity of care, patient satisfaction, and health outcomes of each military medical treat-ment facility on a publicly available Inter-net web site of the Department of Defense. The provision would also require data for health care provided by a military medical treatment facility to be accessible on the primary Internet web site of that facility. The provision would prohibit the Depart-ment publishing any data related to risk management activities of the Department. 
Expansion of evaluation of effectiveness of the 
TRICARE program to include information on patient safety, quality of care, and ac-cess to care at military medical treatment facilities (sec. 713) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 733) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than March 1, 2016, and each year thereafter, a comprehensive report on patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at mili-tary medical treatment facilities. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would amend section 717(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106) to require the Department of Defense to include data on pa-tient safety, quality of care, and access to care at each military medical treatment fa-cility in the annual report to Congress on TRICARE program effectiveness. 
Portability of health plans under the TRICARE 
program (sec. 714) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 712) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to ensure that beneficiaries who are covered under a TRICARE health plan can seamlessly access health care under that health plan in each TRICARE program region. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Joint uniform formulary for transition of care 
(sec. 715) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
701) that would require the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a joint uniform formulary that would include pain, sleep disorder, psy-chiatric drugs, and drugs for other condi-tions critical for transition of a servicemem-ber from treatment furnished by the Depart-ment of Defense to treatment furnished by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Licensure of mental health professionals in 
TRICARE program (sec. 716) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
712) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to ensure that a qualified mental health professional is eligible for reimburse-ment under the TRICARE program as a cer-tified mental health counselor by meeting 
certain qualification criteria. The provision would also establish a special rule for certain practicing mental health professionals to deem them to be qualified mental health professionals during the period preceding January 1, 2027, even though those profes-sionals do not meet the established quali-fication criteria in the provision. The House bill also contained a provision (sec. 725) that would express a sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should continue to support members of the Armed Forces and their families by providing family counseling and individual counseling services that re-duce the symptoms of post-traumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders and empowers members to be emotionally avail-able to their spouses and children. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provisions. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would deem certain mental health pro-fessionals eligible for reimbursement under the TRICARE program during the period pre-ceding January 1, 2021. 
The conferees note that the Department of 
Defense published a final rule to implement the TRICARE Certified Mental Health Coun-selor provider as a qualified mental health provider authorized to independently diag-nose and treat TRICARE beneficiaries and receive reimbursement for services. Coun-selors must possess a master’s or higher- level degree from a Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Pro-grams accredited mental health counseling program of education and pass the National Clinical Mental Health Counseling Examina-tion. Conferees consider these reasonable cri-teria to help ensure TRICARE beneficiaries obtain mental health care from qualified counselors and do not believe another exten-sion of the transition for qualification as a TRICARE Certified Mental Health Counselor beyond the extension in this provision would be advisable. 
Additionally, the conferees agree that the 
Department of Defense should continue to support members of the Armed Forces and their families by providing readily available family and individual counseling services that reduce the symptoms of post-traumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders and empower members to be available emo-tionally to their spouses and children. The conferees believe the Department should consider industry standards established by the medical community when developing standards for family and individual coun-seling services at military installations. 
Designation of certain non-Department mental 
health care providers with knowledge relat-ing to treatment of members of the Armed Forces (sec. 717) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 716) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense, not later than 1 year after enactment of this Act, to develop a system by which any non-Department mental health care provider that meets eligibility criteria relating to knowledge and understanding of military culture and knowledge of evidence- based mental health treatments approved by the Secretary, would receive a mental health provider readiness designation from the De-partment. The provision would also require the Secretary to establish and update a pro-vider list and maintain a publicly available registry of mental health providers receiving such designation. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.069 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6565 September 29, 2015 
Comprehensive standards and access to contra-
ception counseling for members of the Armed Forces (sec. 718) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 714) that would require the Depart-ment of Defense to provide, through clinical practice guidelines, current and evidence- based standards of care regarding contracep-tion methods and counseling to all health care providers employed by the Department and to ensure service women have access to comprehensive contraception counseling prior to deployment and throughout their military careers. The provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to establish a uniform, standard curriculum to be used in family planning education programs for all members of the Armed Forces. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Provision of transportation of dependent pa-
tients relating to obstetrical anesthesia serv-ices (sec. 721) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
726) that would amend section 1040(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, to strike the ex-piration date regarding the authority to transport dependent patients relating to ob-stetrical anesthesia services. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of authority for DOD–VA Health 
Care Sharing Incentive Fund (sec. 722) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
721) that would amend section 8111 of title 38, United States Code, to extend the authority for the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incen-tive Fund through September 30, 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 719). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Extension of authority for Joint Department of 
Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund (sec. 723) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
722) that would amend section 1704(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), to extend the authority for the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Dem-onstration Fund from September 30, 2016, to September 30, 2017. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 718). 
The House recedes. 
Limitation on availability of funds for Office of 
the Secretary of Defense (sec. 724) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
713) that would amend chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, by inserting a new sec-tion after section 1073b, to prohibit the Sec-retary of Defense from realigning or restruc-turing a military medical treatment facility (MTF) until 90 days following the date the Secretary submits a report to the congres-sional defense committees on the proposed restructuring or realignment of the MTF. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would limit to 75 percent the obligation or expenditure of funds available for fiscal year 2016 for the office of the Secretary of Defense until the date on which the Sec-retary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report re-
quired by section 713(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). Without that report and the subsequent required assessment of the report by the Comptroller General of the United States, the conferees remain con-cerned that the Department has not fully considered all relevant factors that may im-pact the availability and delivery of health care services to eligible beneficiaries in its study of military health system moderniza-tion. The conferees expect the Department to make available, upon request, all avail-able data regarding any decisions to elimi-nate health care services and to relocate health care personnel from military medical treatment facilities in the future. 
Pilot program on urgent care under TRICARE 
program (sec. 725) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 701) that would authorize a covered beneficiary under the TRICARE program to access up to four urgent care visits per year without the need to obtain pre-authorization for such visits. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to carry out a 3-year pilot program to allow covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program to access urgent care visits without the need to obtain pre-authorization for those visits. The amendment would require the Secretary to submit two interim reports and one final report on the pilot program to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
The conferees note that current TRICARE 
policy requires TRICARE Prime bene-ficiaries to obtain pre-authorization for ur-gent care visits. This administrative burden encourages beneficiaries to utilize emer-gency departments inappropriately for ur-gent care needs. The conferees believe this pilot program would help beneficiaries choose the most appropriate source for the health care they need and potentially lower health care costs for the Department of De-fense. 
Pilot program on incentive programs to improve 
health care provided under the TRICARE program (sec. 726) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 720) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to conduct a pilot program to assess value-based incentive programs to encourage institutional and individual health care providers under the TRICARE program to improve quality of care, experi-ence of care, and health of beneficiaries. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit interim reports on the pilot pro-gram at 1-year intervals following imple-mentation of the program and a final report on the program by September 30, 2019. 
Limitation on availability of funds for Depart-
ment of Defense Healthcare Management Systems Modernization (sec. 727) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
723) that would limit obligation or expendi-ture of funds for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Defense Healthcare Manage-ment Systems Modernization until the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes the certification required by section 713(g)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66). 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 738) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit a report to Congress 
on interoperability between electronic health records of their Departments. 
The Senate recedes. 
Submittal of information to Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs relating to exposure to air-borne hazards and open burn pits (sec. 728) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 739) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and periodically thereafter, information avail-able to the Secretary of Defense to supple-ment and support information in the Air-borne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. The provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to include information on any research and surveillance activities conducted by the Department of Defense to evaluate incidence and prevalence of res-piratory illnesses to servicemembers exposed to open burn pits during deployments. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Plan for development of procedures to measure 
data on mental health care provided by the Department of Defense (sec. 729) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 713) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to ensure that all primary care and mental health care providers of the Department of Defense receive, or have al-ready received, initial evidence-based train-ing on the recognition, assessment, and man-agement of individuals at risk for suicide and any additional training that may be re-quired based on evidence-based changes in mental health practice. Within 1 year of the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary would be required to provide a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that as-sesses the mental health workforce of the Department and the long-term mental health care needs of servicemembers and their dependents. The provision would also require the Secretary to develop procedures to measure mental health data relating to outcomes, variations in outcomes among military medical treatment facilities, and barriers to implementation of clinical prac-tice guidelines and other evidence-based treatments by mental health providers of the Department of Defense. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a plan for the Department of Defense to develop procedures to compile and assess data relating to: (1) outcomes for mental health care provided by the Depart-ment; (2) variations in such outcomes among different medical facilities of the Depart-ment; and (3) barriers, if any, to the imple-mentation by mental health care providers of the clinical practice guidelines and other evidence-based treatments and approaches 
recommended for such providers. 
The conferees are aware that the Depart-
ment has policies and procedures in place that require primary care providers to re-ceive annual training on suicide prevention, and that the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs submitted a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives in April 2015, on a coordinated, unified plan to ensure adequate mental health coun-seling resources to address the long-term needs of all members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.070 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6566 September 29, 2015 
Report on plans to improve experience with and 
eliminate performance variability of health care provided by the Department of Defense (sec. 730) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 734) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a comprehensive report describing the cur-rent and future plans, with estimated com-pletion dates, of the Department of Defense to improve the experience of care of bene-ficiaries and to eliminate performance varia-bility for health care provided in military medical treatment facilities and in the TRICARE purchased care network. This pro-vision would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit, not later than 180 days after the Secretary sub-mits the comprehensive report, a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that assesses the report of the Secretary of Defense. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Comptroller General study on gambling and 
problem gambling behavior among members of the Armed Forces (sec. 731) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 740) that would require the Comp-troller General of the United States to con-duct a study on gaming facilities at military installations and problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces, and to submit a report, within 1 year of the date of enact-ment of this Act, to the congressional de-fense committees. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Access to broad range of methods of contracep-
tion approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for members of the Armed Forces and military dependents at military treatment facilities 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
702) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to ensure that every military medical treatment facility has a sufficient stock of a broad range of contraceptive methods ap-proved by the Food and Drug Administration to be able to dispense any contraceptive method to service women and other female beneficiaries eligible for healthcare in those facilities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
The conferees note that military medical 
treatment facilities stock and dispense a broad range of contraceptive methods ap-proved by the Food and Drug Administration to service women and other eligible female beneficiaries. The conferees encourage the Department of Defense to ensure that de-ployed service women have access to pre-scription contraceptives throughout the du-ration of their deployments. 
Access to contraceptive method for duration of 
deployment 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
703) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to ensure that service women who use prescription contraceptives receive, prior to deployment, a sufficient supply of those con-traceptives for the duration of their deploy-ments. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The House recedes. 
The conferees expect the Secretary of De-
fense to ensure that service women who use contraceptives have contraceptives available throughout their deployment. This can be accomplished by use of the TRICARE Mail Order Pharmacy program or other means. 
Access to infertility treatment for members of the 
Armed Forces and dependents 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
704) that would require the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the service secre-taries, to provide reproductive counseling and infertility treatments, including con-tinuation of infertility services during a change of duty station relocation, to mem-bers and dependents of members of the Armed Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that section 729 of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees as-sessing the access of members of the Armed Forces and their dependents to reproductive counseling and infertility treatments. The Department of Defense has not yet provided this report to the committees. The conferees believe that a thorough study of this report must be done prior to enacting legislation on this issue. 
Pilot program on treatment of members of the 
Armed Forces for post-traumatic stress dis-order related to military sexual trauma 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 705) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense to conduct a pilot program to award grants to community partners to provide intensive outpatient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to those conditions. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Services al-
ready have capabilities to provide intensive outpatient services for substance abuse reha-bilitation and behavioral health disorders. The Navy has 12 substance abuse rehabilita-tion programs located at intensive out-patient program sites in the United States and overseas, and the Air Force has one pro-gram. The Army is establishing intensive outpatient programs at 17 military medical treatment facilities by fiscal year 2016, and these programs will offer multi-week inten-sive behavioral health services to treat pa-tients with severe behavioral health condi-tions like post-traumatic stress disorder. 
Unified medical command 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
711) that would amend chapter 6 of Title 10, United States Code, to require the President, through the Secretary of Defense and with the advice and consent of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to establish a uni-fied command for medical operations to pro-vide medical services to the Armed Forces and other eligible health care beneficiaries. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Pilot program for operation of network of retail 
pharmacies under TRICARE pharmacy ben-efits program 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
714) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to conduct a pilot program to evalu-ate whether a preferred retail pharmacy net-work will generate cost savings for the De-
partment of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees observe that the Department 
of Defense (DOD) already operates a large preferred retail pharmacy network and pre-scriptions filled in those pharmacies are sub-ject to the federal ceiling price policy estab-lished under section 1074g(f) of title 10, United States Code. 
The conferees note with concern that DOD 
did not proactively monitor the effects of the transition of maintenance medications spe-cific to affected beneficiaries from retail pharmacies to mail order and military med-ical treatment facility (MTF) pharmacies, including important effects such as avail-ability of medications, timeliness and accu-racy of prescriptions filled, and satisfaction for the TRICARE for Life pharmacy pilot es-tablished by section 716 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). Accordingly, for the first 12 months following the expansion of the pilot program requirements to additional TRICARE beneficiaries as of October 1, 2015, the conferees direct the DOD to provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a quarterly report detailing the results of monitoring the effects of the transition from retail pharmacies to mail order and MTF pharmacies on affected beneficiaries, includ-ing actions taken to address any issues iden-tified as a result of these monitoring efforts. Each quarterly report shall be submitted no later than 30 days after the end of the respec-tive quarter of the fiscal year. 
Limitation on conversion of military medical 
and dental positions to civilian medical and dental positions 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 717) that would amend chapter 49 of title 10, United States Code, to provide that a medical or dental position within the De-partment of Defense may not be converted to a civilian medical or dental position unless the Secretary of Defense determines that: (1) The position is not a military essential posi-tion; (2) conversion of the position would not result in the degradation of medical or den-tal care or the medical or dental readiness of the Armed Forces; and (3) conversion of the position to a civilian medical or dental posi-tion is more cost effective than retaining the position as a military medical or dental posi-tion, consistent with Department of Defense Instruction 7041.04. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Primary blast injury research 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
724) that would require the peer-reviewed Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury Research Program of the Department of Defense to conduct a study on blast injury mechanics covering a broad range of blast in-jury conditions, including traumatic brain injury. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Publication of certain information on health 
care provided by the Department of Defense through the Hospital Compare website of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 731) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to enter into a memo-randum of understanding with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to report, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.071 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6567 September 29, 2015 
make publicly available through the Hos-
pital Compare Internet web site of the De-partment of Health and Human Services, in-formation on quality of care and health out-comes regarding patients treated at military medical treatment facilities. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees strongly encourage the De-
partment of Defense to demonstrate greater transparency of quality of care and health outcomes data by making such data avail-able on the Hospital Compare web site of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
Report on plan to improve pediatric care and re-
lated services for children of members of the Armed Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 735) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report setting forth the plan of the Depart-ment to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees encourage the Department 
of Defense to continue improvement in the delivery of healthcare services to pediatric patients, especially those patients with se-vere disabilities, and to correct deficiencies noted in the report from the Secretary of De-fense required by Section 735 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). The conferees di-rect the Department of Defense to include pediatric health outcome measures in the annual report to Congress on TRICARE pro-gram effectiveness. 
Comptroller General report on use of quality of 
care metrics at military treatment facilities 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 737) that would require the Comp-troller General of the United States to sub-mit a report, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the Depart-ment of Defense’s use of quality of care metrics in military medical treatment facili-ties. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note a requirement, in a sep-
arate section of this bill, for the Comptroller General of United States to submit a report assessing the Department’s plans to improve health outcomes, to create health value, and to ensure the provision of quality health care in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
Report on implementation of data security and 
transmission standards for electronic health records 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 741) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit a joint report to Con-gress by June 1, 2016, on the implementation of security and data transmission standards by the Departments in the deployment of new or updated electronic health records. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. T
ITLE VIII—A CQUISITION POLICY , ACQUISITION  
MANAGEMENT , ANDRELATED MATTERS  
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
Required review of acquisition-related functions 
of the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces (sec. 801) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
802) that would require the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Com-mandant of the Marine Corps to review their current authorities provided in sections 3033, 5033, 5043, and 8033 of title 10, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regula-tions related to defense acquisitions for the purpose of developing such recommendations that the Chief concerned or the Commandant considers necessary to further or strengthen the role of the Chief concerned or the Com-mandant in the development of require-ments, acquisition processes, and the associ-ated budget practices of the Department of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Role of Chiefs of Staff in the acquisition process 
(sec. 802) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 801) that would amend section 2547 of title 10, United States Code, to enhance the role of Chiefs of Staff in the defense ac-quisition process. This provision would rein-force the role and responsibilities of the Chiefs of Staff in decisions regarding the bal-ancing of resources and priorities, and asso-ciated tradeoffs among cost, schedule, tech-nical feasibility, and performance on major defense acquisition programs. 
The House bill had no similar provision. The House recedes. 
Expansion of rapid acquisition authority (sec. 
803) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 802) that would amend section 806(c) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended by section 811 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Pub-lic Law 108–375). This provision would en-hance the rapid acquisition authority cur-rently provided to the Secretary of Defense by allowing the Secretary to use this author-ity for two new categories of supplies and as-sociated support services that the Secretary determines: (1) are urgently needed and im-pact an ongoing or anticipated contingency operation that, if left unfulfilled, could po-tentially result in loss of life or critical mis-sion failure; or (2) are urgently needed to eliminate a deficiency that as the result of a cyber attack has resulted in critical mission failure, the loss of life, property destruction, or economic effects, or is likely to result in critical mission failure, the significant loss of life, property destruction, or economic ef-fects. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Middle tier of acquisition for rapid prototyping 
and rapid fielding (sec. 804) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 803) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics to issue guidance for an expedited and streamlined ‘‘middle tier’’ of acquisition programs that are intended to be completed within 5 years. These programs would be distinctive from ‘‘rapid acquisi-tions’’ that are generally completed within 6 months to 2 years and ‘‘traditional’’ acquisi-tions that last much longer than 5 years. The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Use of alternative acquisition paths to acquire 
critical national security capabilities (sec. 805) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 805) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to establish procedures and guidelines for alternative acquisition path-ways to acquire capital assets and services that meet critical national security needs. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require procedures to be devel-oped within 180 days. 
Secretary of Defense waiver of acquisition laws 
to acquire vital national security capabili-ties (sec. 806) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 806) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to waive acquisition law or regu-lation for the purpose of acquiring a capa-bility that is in the vital interest of the United States and is not otherwise available to the Armed Forces of the United States. The Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees at least 30 days before exercising the waiver authority and des-ignate a senior official who shall be person-ally responsible and accountable for the rapid and effective acquisition and deploy-ment of the needed capability. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Acquisition authority of the Commander of 
United States Cyber Command (sec. 807) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 807) that would authorize limited acquisition authority for the Commander of United States Cyber Command (CYBERCOM). 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify that the Commander of CYBERCOM may obligate and expend up to $75.0 million of the funds made available for each fiscal year from 2016 through 2021. The amendment would add a requirement for an implementation plan, the review of programs being acquired under this authority by the Cyber Investment Management Board, and an annual end of year assessment. The amendment would also make a number of technical and conforming edits. 
The conferees believe the Commander of 
CYBERCOM should utilize this limited ac-quisition authority to fulfill cyber oper-ations-peculiar and cyber capability-peculiar requirements the services are unable to meet to ensure the Department of Defense is ade-quately postured to defend and respond to cyber threats. The conferees maintain that this limited authority should not be con-strued to replace the acquisition responsibil-ities of the military services to fulfill their man, train and equip requirements. The con-ferees believe successful demonstration of these acquisition authorities will require im-plementation of memoranda of agreement with the military services to define enduring responsibilities and more explicit definition cyber operations-peculiar and cyber capa-bility-peculiar requirements. 
Report on linking and streamlining require-
ments, acquisition, and budget processes within Armed Forces (sec. 808) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
801) that would require the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Com-mandant of the Marine Corps to each submit a report to the congressional defense com-mittees on their efforts to leverage their ex-isting statutory authorities in a manner that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.072 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6568 September 29, 2015 
links and streamlines their services’ require-
ments, acquisition, and budget processes in order to foster improved outcomes. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Advisory panel on streamlining and codifying 
acquisition regulations (sec. 809) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 808) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics to establish an advisory panel on streamlining acquisition regula-tions. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Review of time-based requirements process and 
budgeting and acquisition systems (sec. 810) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 809) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to review the require-ments process to provide for a time-based or phased distinction between capabilities need-ed to be deployed urgently, within 2 years, within 5 years, and longer than 5 years. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
clarify the scope of the review. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Lim-itations 
Amendment relating to multiyear contract au-
thority for acquisition of property (sec. 811) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
806) that would strike the existing require-ment that the head of an agency must deter-mine that substantial savings would be achieved before entering into a multiyear contract. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require that significant savings would be achieved before entering into a multiyear contract. 
The conferees agree that the government 
should seek to maximize savings whenever it pursues multiyear procurement. However, the conferees also agree that significant sav-ings (estimated to be greater than $250.0 mil-lion), and other benefits, may be achieved even if it does not equate to a minimum of 10 percent savings over the cost of an annual contract. The conferees expect a request for authority to enter into a multiyear contract will include (1) the estimated cost savings, (2) the minimum quantity needed, (3) con-firmation that the design is stable and the technical risks are not excessive, and (4) any other rationale for entering into such a con-tract. 
Applicability of cost and pricing data and cer-
tification requirements (sec. 812) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 822) that would limit the applica-bility of the Truth in Negotiations Act (Pub-lic Law 87–653; 10 U.S.C. section 2306a) to off-set agreements. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would provide for an exception to this limitation for subcontracts and contracts under the offset agreement for work per-formed in a foreign country that are di-rectly-related to the weapon systems of de-fense-related item being purchased under the contract. 
Rights in technical data (sec. 813) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 825) that would clarify procedures for the validation of rights in technical data for subsystems and components of major 
weapon systems; and establish a govern-ment-industry advisory panel to review sec-tions 2320 and 2321 of title 10, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Procurement of supplies for experimental pur-
poses (sec. 814) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 826) that would update the experi-mental acquisition authority in section 2373 of title 10, United States Code, to apply to transportation, energy, medical, and space flight and to clarify when provisions of Chap-ter 137 of title 10 apply to such procure-ments. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Amendments to other transaction authority (sec. 
815) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
853) would make permanent the other trans-actions authority (OTA) for contracting es-tablished in section 845 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160), as modified most re-cently by section 812 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291). The provision would also make changes to the authority to use such mechanisms. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (section 804) that modified the authority, as well as modifying the defini-tion of a ‘‘non-traditional’’ defense con-tractor. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would: (1) make section 845 authority permanent; (2) clarify the authority to use section 845 authority to acquire prototypes or follow-on production items to be provided to contractors as government-furnished equipment; (3) ensure that innovative small business firms are authorized to participate in other transactions under section 845 with-out the requirement for a cost-share (except where the small business is partnered with a large business in a transaction); and (4) clar-ify the use of follow-on production contracts or other transactions authority. The provi-sion further requires the Department of De-fense to study the benefits of permitting not- for-profit entities to enter into other trans-actions agreements without the requirement for cost sharing. 
The conferees believe that the flexibility of 
the OTA authorities of section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, and the related and dependent authorities of section 845 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160) as modi-fied and codified in this provision, can make them attractive to firms and organizations that do not usually participate in govern-ment contracting due to the typical over-head burden and ‘‘one size fits all’’ rules. The conferees believe that expanded use of OTAs will support Department of Defense efforts to access new source of technical innovation, such as Silicon Valley startup companies and small commercial firms. 
Amendment to acquisition threshold for special 
emergency procurement authority (sec. 816) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
854) that would raise the simplified acquisi-tion threshold from $100,000 to $500,000, the micro-purchase threshold from $3,000 to $5,000, and the special emergency procure-ment authority threshold for purchases in-side the United States from $250,000 to $750,000 and for purchases outside the United States from $1.0 million to $1.5 million, and the small business reservation threshold 
from $100,000 to $500,000. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would amend section 1903 of title 41, United States Code to raise the special emer-gency procurement authority threshold. 
Revision of method of rounding when making 
inflation adjustment of acquisition-related dollar thresholds (sec. 817) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
855) that would amend section 1908(e)(2) of title 41, United States Code, to change the rounding method that is used when sched-uled adjustments are made to certain acqui-sition-related dollar thresholds. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major 
Defense Acquisition Programs 
Acquisition strategy required for each major de-
fense acquisition program, major automated information system, and major system (sec. 821) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
822) that would establish a new section in chapter 144 of title 10, United States Code, that requires an acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program and each major system approved by a Milestone Decision Authority (MDA). 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 841). 
The conference agreement includes a pro-
vision that combines these two provisions. The provision would mandate that the De-partment of Defense create an acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program, each major automated information system, and each major system approved by an MDA. The provision further outlines key areas that should be considered in the strate-gies, as well as a process for the periodic re-view of the strategy by the MDA. 
Revision to requirements relating to risk man-
agement in development of major defense acquisition programs and major systems (sec. 822) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
823) that would establish a new section in chapter 144 of title 10, United States Code that requires the program acquisition strat-egy for each major defense acquisition pro-gram or major system to include an identi-fication of major program risks and a risk management and mitigation strategy. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 842). 
The conference agreement includes a pro-
vision that combines these two provisions designed to reduce programmatic risk. The provision mandates that the program acqui-sition strategy specifically address ap-proaches to manage and mitigate risks, and highlights a number of techniques that sup-port such mitigation. The provision further highlights the importance of prototyping as a risk mitigation approach. 
The conferees expect that the risk mitiga-
tion aspects of a program acquisition strat-egy should be addressed with each increment of a program. Further, the conferees expect that the comprehensive approach to risk mitigation should identify: each individual risk to the program; risk management and mitigation activities developed to address the risks; and resources to support those mitigation activities. 
Revision of Milestone A decision authority re-
sponsibilities for major defense acquisition programs (sec. 823) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
825) that would amend section 2366a of title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.073 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6569 September 29, 2015 
10, United States Code, to require the Mile-
stone Decision Authority to make a written determination, in lieu of a certification, be-fore approving milestone A. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 844). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that combines these two provisions. The pro-vision establishes the Milestone Decision Authority’s responsibility to ensure that an acquisition program has demonstrated suffi-cient knowledge to enter into a risk reduc-tion phase following Milestone A and has sound plans to progress to the development phase before granting milestone approval. It specifies the considerations the milestone decision authority must take into account, thereby addressing the critical activities that need to precede and occur during the succeeding risk reduction phase. 
Revision of Milestone B decision authority re-
sponsibilities for major defense acquisition programs (sec. 824) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
826) that would amend section 2366b of title 10, United States Code, to require the Mile-stone Decision Authority (MDA) to make a written determination, instead of a certifi-cation, for some of the existing certification requirements before approving milestone B. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 845). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that combines these two provisions. 
The provision establishes the MDA’s re-
sponsibility to ensure that an acquisition program has demonstrated sufficient knowl-edge to enter a development phase and has sound plans in place to deliver the required capability, before granting milestone ap-proval. It specifies the considerations the MDA must take into account, thereby ad-dressing the critical activities that need to precede and occur during the development phase. It further specifies that the MDA must certify that the program has a high likelihood of accomplishing its intended mis-sion based on a formal post-preliminary de-sign review assessment, and that the tech-nology in the program has been dem-onstrated in a relevant environment based on an independent review and assessment. 
Designation of milestone decision authority (sec. 
825) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 843) that would amend section 2430 of title 10, United States Code, to designate the service acquisition executives as the milestone decision authority for major ac-quisition programs managed by the military services; require that if a program managed by the services breaches thresholds in the Nunn-McCurdy Act, section 2433 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall revoke service milestone decision au-thority for the program; clarify that for service programs where the service acquisi-tion executive is the milestone decision au-thority the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics would exercise advisory authority; require that the service secretaries and service chiefs certify in each Selected Acquisition Report that program requirements are stable and funding is adequate to meet cost, sched-ule, and performance objectives for each major defense acquisition program; require the Deputy Chief Management Officer to issue guidance to ensure that acquisition policy, guidance, and practices support a streamlined decision making and approval process that minimizes information requests on service managed programs; and require not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense to sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a plan to implement the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-
gistics advisory authority for service acqui-sition programs. The provision mandated im-plementation of the changes within 1 year of the date of enactment of the Act. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify that the provision would apply to new programs reaching milestone A after October 1, 2016; modify certain certifi-cation requirements; and require the Sec-retary of Defense to review the acquisition oversight process for major defense acquisi-tion programs and limit outside require-ments for documentation to an absolute minimum on those service managed pro-grams. The conferees note that the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics should only exercise advisory authority, subject to the overall au-thority, direction, and control of the Sec-retary of Defense, over service acquisition programs for which the service acquisition executive is the milestone decision author-ity. 
Tenure and accountability of program managers 
for program definition periods (sec. 826) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 846) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to revise Department of Defense guidance for defense acquisition pro-grams to address the tenure and account-ability of program managers for the program definition period of defense acquisition pro-grams. 
The House bill contained no similar a pro-
vision. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
clarify the period of time to which the re-quired guidance applies, and to include au-thority for the Secretary of Defense to ad-just program management assignment ten-ures, under certain circumstances. 
Tenure and accountability of program managers 
for program execution periods (sec. 827) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 847) that would address the tenure and accountability of program managers for the program execution period of defense ac-quisition programs. 
The House bill contained no similar a pro-
vision. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
clarify the elements of the guidance to be issued as a result of the provision. 
Penalty for cost overruns (sec. 828) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 849) under which each military de-partment would pay an annual penalty in the amount of 3 percent of the cumulative cost overrun on all of its major defense ac-quisition programs (MDAPs). 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Streamlining of reporting requirements applica-
ble to Assistant Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering regarding major de-fense acquisition programs (sec. 829) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 850) that would amend section 138(b) of title 10, United States Code, to change the scope of periodic reports the As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering is required to deliver to the congressional defense committees, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Lo-gistics. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Configuration Steering Boards for cost control 
under major defense acquisition programs (sec. 830) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 851) that would amend section 814 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417) to require each Configuration Steering Board to track any changes in pro-gram requirements for a major defense ac-quisition program and that all such changes must receive approval by the service chief in consultation with the service secretary. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify the types of changes re-quired to be approved by the service chief. 
Repeal of requirement for stand-alone man-
power estimates for major defense acquisi-tion programs (sec. 831) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
856) that would consolidate the statutory re-quirement for a detailed manpower estimate prior to approval of development or produc-tion and deployment of a major defense ac-quisition program as established by section 2434 of title 10, United States Code, with the independent estimate of the full life-cycle cost of the program also required by section 2434. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 848). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require that the independent esti-mate of the full-life cycle costs of a program include the costs of training. 
Revision to duties of the Deputy Assistant Sec-
retary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineer-ing (sec. 832) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
862) that would amend section 139b of title 10, United States Code, to clarify that the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering advise the Milestone Decision Authority regarding review and ap-proval of developmental test plans and sys-tems engineering plans. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineer-ing to review developmental test and evalua-tion and systems engineering master plans for major defense acquisition programs, re-spectively, and advise relevant technical au-thorities on the incorporation of best prac-tices for programs under consideration. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to 
Acquisition Workforce 
Amendments relating to Defense Acquisition 
Workforce Development Fund (sec. 841) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
811) that would amend section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, to make permanent the authority for both the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund and the asso-ciated expedited hiring authority. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 872) that would extend the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund for 5 additional years and modify the re-quirements of the biennial strategic work-force plan to assess any new or expanded critical skills or competencies needed by the acquisition workforce. The Senate amend-ment also contained a provision (sec. 1106) that would extend the expedited hiring au-thority for designated defense acquisition workforce positions for 5 years. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would combine the provisions. The pro-vision would make permanent the authority for both the Defense Acquisition Workforce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.075 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6570 September 29, 2015 
Develop Fund and the associated expedited 
hiring authority, as well as making tech-nical revisions to the administration of the Fund and to the biennial strategic workforce plan. 
Dual-track military professionals in operational 
and acquisition specialities (sec. 842) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
812) that would amend section 1722a of title 10, United States Code, by reinstituting a dual-tracking system of primary and func-tional secondary career fields for officers and noncommissioned officers serving in acquisi-tion positions by dual-tracking such per-sonnel in operational and acquisition career fields under the shared accountability and responsibility of the military service chiefs and component acquisition executives for ca-reer path management and selections. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 503) that would provide for an enhanced dual track career path in com-bat arms and a functional secondary career in acquisition to more closely align military operational requirements and acquisition and include business and commercial train-ing as joint professional military education. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees encourage the Secretary to 
ensure that the curriculum for Phase II joint professional military education includes matters in acquisition to ensure the success-ful performance in the acquisition or acqui-sition related fields. 
Provision of joint duty assignment credit for ac-
quisition duty (sec. 843) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
813) that would amend section 668 of title 10, United States Code, by adding to the term ‘‘joint matters’’ the inclusion of acquisition matters addressed by military personnel. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 503) that would provide for credit for joint duty assignments for acquisi-tion related assignments in order to broaden the promotion preference and career oppor-tunities of military acquisition profes-sionals. 
The Senate recedes. 
Mandatory requirement for training related to 
the conduct of market research (sec. 844) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
815) that would amend section 2377 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a requirement that the Secretary of Defense shall provide mandatory training for members of the Armed Forces and employees of the Depart-ment of Defense responsible for the conduct of market research required under sub-section (c) of section 2377 of title 10, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Department 
should consider using the Defense Acquisi-tion Workforce Development Fund for train-ing in market research and other training needed to improve the Department’s use of commercial contracting and pricing methods to better access commercial industry sources. 
Independent study of implementation of defense 
acquisition workforce improvement efforts (sec. 845) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
816) that would require the Secretary of De-fense, within 30 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, to enter into a contract with an independent research entity that is a not-for-profit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appro-priate expertise and analytical capability to carry out a comprehensive study of the De-partment of Defense’s strategic planning re-lated to the defense acquisition workforce. The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of authority for the civilian acquisi-
tion workforce personnel demonstration project (sec. 846) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
817) that would amend section 1762 of title 10, United States Code, by extending the dem-onstration project relating to certain acqui-sition personnel management policies and procedures through 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1110) that would amend section 1762, title 10, United States Code, to extend the Civilian Acquisition Workforce Personnel Demonstration Project under that section through December 31, 2020. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to 
Commercial Items 
Procurement of commercial items (sec. 851) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
804) that would: 1) amend chapter 140 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new sec-tion that would require the Secretary of De-fense to establish and maintain a centralized capability with the resources and expertise to oversee the making of commercial item determinations for Department of Defense procurements and to provide public access to Department of Defense commercial item de-terminations; and 2) would amend section 2306a (b) of title 10, United States Code, to allow the contracting officer to presume that a prior commercial item determination made by a military department, Defense Agency, or other component of the Department of De-fense shall serve as a determination for sub-sequent procurements of such items. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 863) that would require the modification to the Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement to address the continuing validity of commercial item de-terminations for multiple procurements. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would combine both provisions and make technical and conforming changes. 
Modification to information required to be sub-
mitted by offeror in procurement of major weapon systems as commercial items (sec. 852) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
805) that would amend section 2379 of title 10, United States Code, by striking the require-ment that in making a determination that an item is a commercial item, the con-tracting officer shall determine in writing that the offeror of the item has submitted sufficient information to evaluate, through price analysis, the reasonableness of the price for such item. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 864). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify the hierarchy of informa-tion that can be requested by the Depart-ment of Defense to be submitted by a con-tractor to support a price reasonableness de-termination. 
Use of recent prices paid by the Government in 
the determination of price reasonableness (sec. 853) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
852) that would amend section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new paragraph that would require a contracting officer to consider evidence provided by an offeror of recent purchase prices paid by the Government for the same or similar com-mercial items in establishing price reason-ableness 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes. 
Report on defense-unique laws applicable to the 
procurement of commercial items and com-mercially available off-the-shelf items (sec. 854) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 861) that would amend section 2375 of title 10, United States Code, to require the establishment of a list in the Defense Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation Supplement of inapplicable defense-unique statues to con-tracts for commercial items and commercial available off-the-shelf items. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Department of De-fense to report to the congressional defense committees identifying the defense-unique provisions of law that are applicable for the procurement of commercial items or com-mercial-off-the shelf items, both at the prime and subcontract level. 
Market research and preference for commercial 
items (sec. 855) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 862) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics to issue guidance to en-sure that defense acquisition officials fully comply with the requirements of section 2377 of title 10, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Limitation on conversion of procurements from 
commercial acquisition procedures (sec. 856) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 865) that would limit the conver-sion of the procurement of a commercial item or commercial service to a non-com-mercial acquisition procedure unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that the Depart-ment of Defense will realize a significant cost savings as compared to the cost of pro-curing a similar quantity of such item or level of service using commercial acquisition procedures. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require a written determination to be made prior to any conversion of the procurement of commercial items to a non- commercial acquisition procedure. The con-ferees also require the Secretary of Defense to establish procedures to track conversions of future contracts and subcontracts for im-proved analysis and reporting. 
Treatment of goods and services provided by 
nontraditional defense contractors as com-mercial items (sec. 857) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 866) that would amend chapter 140 of title 10, United States Code, to include a new provision that would authorize the De-partment of Defense to treat goods and serv-ices provided by a non-traditional contractor as defined in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code, as a commercial item. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters 
Amendment to Mentor-Prote ´ge´Program (sec. 
861) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
831) that would codify the Department of De-
fense Mentor-Prote ´ge´Pilot Program in Title 
10 United States Code as a permanent pro-gram. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 877) that would extend the author-ization for Department of Defense Mentor- Prote ´ge´Pilot Program by 1 year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:39 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.076 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6571 September 29, 2015 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify the eligibility require-ments, forms of assistance, extension of the authorization and reporting requirements. 
The conferees note that the Congression-
ally-mandated Mentor Prote ´ge´program is 
intended to support efforts of small and dis-advantaged businesses to partner with estab-lished defense suppliers to improve their ability to deliver needed technologies and services to the Department of Defense. The committee is concerned that the program may not always be executed to most effec-tively achieve mandated goals. Analysis of this program indicates that in some cases, prote´ge´firms participating in this program 
had received millions of dollars in federal prime contract awards prior to the establish-ment of their Mentor-Prote ´ge´agreements, 
indicating they may have possessed suffi-cient ability to market their goods and serv-ices to federal customers without the need for additional developmental assistance. 
The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to report to the House Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Armed Services, within 90 days of the en-actment of this Act, on changes to program policy and metrics that would ensure the program meets the goal of enhancing the de-fense supplier base in the most effective and efficient manner. The report shall include recommendations to better direct the devel-opmental assistance to the most appropriate disadvantaged small business concerns, in-cluding nontraditional defense contractors currently providing goods or services in the private sector that are most critical to en-hancing the capabilities of the defense sup-plier base and fulfilling key Department needs. The report shall describe how the De-partment will strengthen the review proc-esses of program investments to ensure ac-tivities proposed in developmental plans are necessary for the prote ´ge´’s development, 
taking into account the prote ´ge´’s reported 
prime contract and subcontract awards, and that mentors are obtaining the best value for all reimbursed activities. The report shall also assess alternate models for incentives for participation by mentor companies in the program other than direct reimbursement, and shall detail program metrics that would enable the Department evaluate the pro-gram’s return on investment and the actual impact of the development assistance on the prote´ge´’s ability to support DOD needs. The 
conferees recommend that the Secretary en-sure that the annual reports generated by the Defense Contract Management Agency are sufficient to be used to evaluate team performance and mentor reimbursement. 
Further, the conferees direct the U.S. 
Comptroller General of the United States, within 1 year of enactment of this Act, re-port to the House Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Armed Services, with an assessment of the efficacy of the DOD Mentor-Prote ´ge´pilot 
program, recommend ways to harmonize the DOD Mentor-Prote ´ge´pilot program with the 
Small Business Administration’s Mentor- Prote ´ge´program, and discuss whether the 
reimbursement mechanism for the DOD Men-tor-Prote ´ge´pilot program should be main-
tained. 
Amendments to data quality improvement plan 
(sec. 862) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
832) that would amend section 15(s) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(s)) to re-quire the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration to annually provide to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate certification of the accuracy and completeness of data reported on bundled 
and consolidated contracts. This section would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to provide a report to the aforementioned committees not later than the first day of fiscal year 2019 on the effectiveness of the certification process and an assessment of whether contracts were ac-curately labeled as bundled or consolidated. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Notice of contract consolidation for acquisition 
strategies (sec. 863) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
833) that would amend section 44(c)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657q(c)(2)) to require the senior procurement executive or chief acquisition officer to announce through a public website that a determination has been made to bundle or consolidate contracts within 1 week of making the determination, but no later than 1 week prior to the issuance of a solicitation. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Clarification of requirements related to small 
business contracts for services (sec. 864) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
834) that would amend section 8(a)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)) to clarify that the statute applies to contracts for goods, but not services or construction. The conferees note that the non-manufac-turer rule (NMR) was established to ensure that, when competition for a contract for goods is restricted to small businesses, the goods ultimately purchased were indeed the product of a small business. However, the conferees are concerned that the NMR is being applied to services and construction contracts and could limit small business par-ticipants contracting for services and con-struction to the Federal Government. There-fore, the conferees believe this clarification to section 8(a)(17) is necessary. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Certification requirements for Business Oppor-
tunity Specialists, commercial market rep-resentatives, and procurement center rep-resentatives (sec. 865) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
840) that would amend section 15 and section 4 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644 and 633, respectively) to set certification require-ments for commercial market representa-tives and to modify the current certification requirements for procurement center rep-resentatives and Business Opportunity Spe-cialists. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Modifications to requirements for qualified 
HUBZone small business concerns located in a base closure area (sec. 866) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
842) that would amend section 152(a)(2) of title I of division K of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) to extend the length of time covered base clo-sure areas may participate in the Histori-cally Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) program to either 8 years or until the Small Business Administration an-nounces which areas will qualify for the HUBZone program after the next decennial census data is released. This section would also amend section 3(p)(5)(A)(i)(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(5)(A)(i)(I)) to include allowed covered base closure area HUBZone participants to meet the program’s employment require-
ments by hiring 35 percent of their employ-ees from any qualified HUBZone, and would amend section 3(p)(4)(D) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D)) to extend physical boundaries of the covered base clo-sure area, for purpose of the HUBZone pro-gram, to include lands within a 25-mile ra-dius of the base. 
The Senate amendment contained two 
similar provisions (sec. 882 and 883) that would amend the Small Business Act, title 15, United States Code to authorize the in-clusion of qualified disaster areas to the His-torically Underutilized Business Zone pro-gram administered by the Small Business Administration and to authorize the inclu-sion of base closure areas to the Historically Underutilized Business Zone program admin-istered by the Small Business Administra-tion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would combine both provisions. 
Joint venturing and teaming (sec. 867) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
843) that would amend section 15(e)(4) and 
15(q)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(e)(4) and 15 U.S.C. 644(q)(1)), respectively, by requiring agencies to give due consider-ation to the capabilities and past perform-ances of the small businesses that submit of-fers as teams or joint ventures when the con-tract is bundled, consolidated, or for a mul-tiple-award contract. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Modification to and scorecard program for small 
business contracting goals (sec. 868) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
844) that would codify a requirement to pub-lish a scorecard on agency achievements re-garding contract awards to small businesses and require a Government Accountability Office report on the effectiveness of the scorecard methodology. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment to 
remove the requirement for the establish-ment and execution of the program before the end of fiscal year 2017. 
Establishment of an Office of Hearings and Ap-
peals in the Small Business Administration; petitions for reconsideration of size stand-ards (sec. 869) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
845) that would amend section 5 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634) that would estab-lish an Office of Hearings and Appeals in the Small Business Administration that would review petitions for the revision of small business size standards. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Additional duties of the Director of Small and 
Disadvantaged Business Utilization (sec. 870) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 885) that would require the small business offices in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military departments to serve as intermediaries between small busi-nesses and contracting officials prior to the award of contracts in cases where a small business prospective contractor notifies the small business office that it has reason to be-lieve that the contracting process has been modified to preclude a small business from bidding on the contract or would give an-other contractor an unfair competitive ad-vantage. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would amend section 15(k) of the Small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.077 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6572 September 29, 2015 
Business Act (title 15, United States Code, 
section 644) to describe the responsibilities of federal agency Office of Small and Disadvan-taged Business Utilization offices in cases where a small business concern prior to the award of a contract believes that a solicita-tion, request for proposal, or request for quotation might unduly restrict the ability of the small business concern to compete for the award. 
Including subcontracting goals in agency re-
sponsibilities (sec. 871) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
841) that would amend section 1633(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to include consideration of success in attainment of small business subcontracting goals as part of agency responsibilities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Reporting related to failure of contractors to 
meet goals under negotiated comprehensive small business subcontracting plans (sec. 872) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 828) that would amend section 834(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (Public Law 101–189) to require the Secretary of De-fense to report to Congress on any nego-tiated comprehensive subcontracting plan that the Secretary determines did not meet the subcontracting goals negotiated in the plan for the prior fiscal year. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Pilot program for streamlining awards for inno-
vative technology projects (sec. 873) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 831) that would establish a pilot program to provide an exception from the re-quirements under sections 2306a(1) and 2313 of title 10, United States Code, for contracts or subcontracts valued at less than $7.5 mil-lion that are awarded based on a technical merit based selection procedure. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Surety bond requirements and amount of guar-
antee (sec. 874) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
839) that would: (1) amend section 411 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 694b(c)(1)) to increase the guarantee rate for surety bonds issued pursuant to the Small Business Administration’s (SBA) Pre-ferred Program to 90 percent; (2) amend chapter 93 of title 31, United States Code, to require that individual sureties have suffi-cient assets to redeem the bonds; and (3) pro-vide for a study by the Comptroller General of the effects of these changes on small and disadvantaged business enterprises. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would retain the provision addressing the SBA program and the provision gov-erning the use of individual sureties. How-ever, each provision will be subject to a 1- year delay in implementation to allow for the necessary rulemaking. The conference agreement does not retain the provisions amending the SBA surety bond program, nor does it provide for a study by the Comp-troller General. 
The conferees believe the compromise will 
allow for greater protection of federal agen-cies and subcontractors protected by surety bonds, while allowing the SBA more time to document the effects of changes to the sur-ety bond program made by section 1695 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). 
Review of Government access to intellectual 
property rights of private sector firms (sec. 875) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
835) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to enter into a contract with an inde-pendent entity with appropriate expertise to conduct a review of Department of Defense regulations and practices related to Govern-ment access to and use of intellectual prop-erty rights of private sector firms. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Inclusion in annual technology and industrial 
capability assessments of a determination about defense acquisition program require-ments (sec. 876) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
322) that would amend section 2505 of title 10, United States Code, to include in the re-quired periodic assessment of defense capa-bility an additional requirement for the Sec-retary of Defense to also determine the ex-tent to which the requirements associated with defense acquisition programs can be satisfied by the present and projected per-formance capacities of industries supporting the sectors or capabilities in the assessment and evaluate the reasons for any variance from applicable preceding determinations. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the review of the number of industry sources and whether require-ments could be satisfied by industries not ac-tively supporting the Department of Defense. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Consideration of potential program cost in-
creases and schedule delays resulting from oversight of defense acquisition programs (sec. 881) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
851) that would amend section 139 of title 10, United States Code, by including a new sub-section that would require the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation to consider the potential for increases in program cost estimates or delays in schedule estimates in the implementation of policies, procedures, and activities related to operational test and evaluation, and to take appropriate action to ensure that the conduct of operational test and evaluation activities do not unneces-sarily impede program schedules or increase program costs. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require that all relevant Depart-ment of Defense acquisition, management and oversight agencies consider the potential for increases in program costs or cost esti-mates or delays resulting from their office’s oversight efforts with regards to defense ac-quisition. 
Examination and guidance relating to oversight 
and approval of services contracts (sec. 882) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
857) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to complete an examination by March 1, 2016, of the decision authority re-lated to acquisition of services and to de-velop and promulgate guidance to improve capabilities related to services contracts re-quirements development, source selection, and contract oversight and management. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. Streamlining of requirements relating to defense 
business systems (sec. 883) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
858) that would revise section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify responsibil-ities for the management of defense business information technology systems. As a result, this section would repeal the current report-ing requirement contained in section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, and insert a new annual reporting requirement through the year 2020 on the revised requirements of sec-tion 2222. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (section 871). 
The conference agreement includes a pro-
vision that would combine the two provi-sions. The revised section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, streamlines the require-ments for development and management of business systems, as well as associated re-porting requirements; mandates elements of guidance to be issued by the Secretary of De-fense on investments in and acquisition of business systems; clarifies the responsibil-ities of senior officials in the acquisition and management of business systems; and em-phasizes the need for robust business process engineering prior to investment in commer-cial technology or the modification of com-mercial systems for use by the Department of Defense. 
Procurement of personal protective equipment 
(sec. 884) 
The House bill contained a provision 
(sec.860) that would ensure the Secretary of Defense uses best value contracting methods to the maximum extent practicable when procuring an item of personal protective equipment. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 824 that would: (1) prohibit the use of reverse auctions and lowest priced technically acceptable (LPTA) contracting methods for the procurement of personal protective equipment where the level of quality needed or the failure of the item could result in combat casualties; and (2) es-tablish a preference for best value con-tracting methods when procuring such equip-ment. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment to 
combine the two provisions to ensure that the Department of Defense to the maximum extent practicable uses best value criteria for the procurement of these items. 
The conferees are concerned that an over-
arching bias towards reducing prices paid by the Department of Defense (DOD) to the ex-clusion of other factors could result in DOD buying low cost products that have the po-tential to negatively impact the safety of U.S. military personnel. The conferees be-lieve this could be a particular problem with the quality of personal protective equipment such as combat helmets, body armor, bal-listic eye protection, and other similar indi-vidual equipment issued to U.S. military personnel. 
Amendments concerning detection and avoid-
ance of counterfeit electronic parts (sec. 885) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
861) that would amend section 818(c)(2)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) to ex-pand the eligibility for covered contractors to include costs associated with rework and corrective action related to counterfeit elec-tronic parts as allowable costs under Depart-ment of Defense contracts. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would allow the Department of Defense to approve of industry-selected trusted sup-pliers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.078 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6573 September 29, 2015 
Exception for AbilityOne products from author-
ity to acquire goods and services manufac-tured in Afghanistan, Central Asian States, and Djibouti (sec. 886) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
865) that would amend Section 886 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) and Section 1263 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to exclude items that can be procured under the AbilityOne procurement list outlined in sec-tion 8503(a) of title 41, United States Code from preferred local procurement in Afghani-stan, Iraq, Central Asia, and Djibouti. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 884) that would amend sec-tion 886 National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) and section 801 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) to exclude items in the procurement list described in section 8503(a) of title 41 from preferred local procurement in Afghani-stan and Central Asia, if such a good can be produced and delivered by a qualified non- profit agency for the blind or a non-profit agency for other severely disabled in a time-ly fashion to support mission requirements. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Effective communication between government 
and industry (sec. 887) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
866) that would require the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulatory Council to prescribe a regu-lation making clear that agency acquisition personnel are permitted and encouraged to engage in responsible and constructive ex-changes with industry, so long as those ex-changes are consistent with existing law and regulation and do not promote an unfair competitive advantage to particular firms. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Standards for procurement of secure informa-
tion technology and cyber security systems (sec. 888) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
870) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to conduct an assessment of the appli-cation of the Open Trusted Technology Pro-vider Standard to Department of Defense procurements for information technology and cyber security acquisitions. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would expand on the types of open tech-nology standards to be assessed. 
Unified information technology services (sec. 
889) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 873) that would require the Depart-ment of Defense to conduct a business case analysis to determine the most effective and efficient way to acquire common services across Department of Defense (DOD) net-works and ensure interoperability and com-petition. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Cloud strategy for Department of Defense (sec. 
890) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 874) that would require the Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the Department of Defense to develop a cloud strategy for the secret level of classified data and the Secret Internet Protocol network (SIPRnet). The provision would also require the CIO to de-velop a consistent pricing and cost recovery 
process for the use by Department of Defense components of the Intelligence Community’s cloud services. The provision would also re-quire the CIO to assess the feasibility and advisability of imposing a minimum set of open standards for cloud infrastructure, mid-dle-ware, metadata, and application pro-gramming interfaces to promote interoper-ability, information sharing, access to data, and competition. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Development period for Department of Defense 
information technology systems (sec. 891) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 875) that would amend section 2445b of title 10, United States Code, to mod-ify requirements applicable to a major auto-mated information system program that fails to achieve a full deployment decision within 5 years after the initiation of the pro-gram. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Revisions to pilot program on acquisition of 
military purpose nondevelopmental items (sec. 892) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 876) that would amend section 866 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) to expand the applicability of the pilot program on the acquisition of military purpose nondevelopmental items to addi-tional classes of contractors and apply the standards of the Competition in Contracting Act of 1984 (10 U.S.C. 2304) to these contracts. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Improved auditing of contracts (sec. 893) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 878) that would authorize the De-fense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) to pro-vide outside audit support to non-Defense Agencies upon certification that the backlog for incurred cost audits is less than 12 months of incurred cost inventory. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would prohibit the DCAA from pro-viding outside audit support to non-Defense Agencies until DCAA certifies that the back-log for incurred costs is less than 18 months of incurred-cost inventory, not require the Secretary of Defense to use outside auditing staff to help address DCAA’s audit backlog, and streamline reporting requirements. 
Sense of Congress on evaluation method for pro-
curement of audit or audit readiness serv-ices (sec. 894) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
864) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to establish values and metrics for the procurement of audit or audit readiness serv-ices and review the offeror’s past perform-ance before using a lowest price, technically acceptable evaluation method for the pro-curement of such services. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
stating that before using the lowest price, technically acceptable evaluation method for the procurement of audit or audit readi-ness services, the Secretary of Defense should establish the values and metrics for evaluating companies offering audit services, including financial management and audit expertise and experience, personnel quali-fications and certifications, past perform-
ance, technology, tools, and size. 
Mitigating potential unfair competitive advan-
tage of technical advisors to acquisition pro-grams (sec. 895) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 881) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics to issue guidance on identifying and addressing potential unfair competitive advantage of technical advisors to acquisition officials. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
revise the guidance required under the provi-sion. 
The conferees believe that the technical 
advisors described in the provision include contractors, federally funded research and development centers, university-affiliated research centers, non-profit entities, and fed-eral laboratories that provide systems engi-neering and technical direction, participate in technical evaluations, support preparation of specifications or work statements, or oth-erwise provide technical advice to acquisi-tion officials on the conduct of defense ac-quisition programs. The conferees further be-lieve that ‘‘potentially unfair competitive advantage’’ includes unequal access to acqui-sition officials responsible for award deci-sions or allocation of resources, or to acqui-sition information relevant to award deci-sions or allocation of resources. 
In responding to this provision, the con-
ferees expect the Secretary to review these definitions, as well as the efficacy of current conflict-of-interest policies, the use of non- disclosure agreements, the application of ap-propriate regulations, and decisions to allo-cate resources through direct award of funds to intramural programs or sole-source task orders to entities that provide technical ad-vice on defense programs versus open and competitive extramural solicitations. Based on the results of this review, the conferees expect the Secretary to review and revise guidance to clarify these issues if necessary. 
The conferees also expect the Secretary to 
develop metrics and processes for collecting and evaluating complaints and concerns re-lating to examples of the exploitation of un-fair competitive advantage by technical ad-visors. 
Survey on the costs of regulatory compliance 
(sec. 896) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 879) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to conduct a survey of de-fense contractors with the highest level of reimbursements for cost-type contracts and identify the cost to industry of regulatory compliance with government unique acquisi-tion regulations and requirements that are not imposed on commercial item contracts. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Treatment of interagency and State and local 
purchases when the Department of Defense acts as contract intermediary for the Gen-eral Services Administration (sec. 897) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
847) on the sense of Congress on the treat-ment of the procurement of fire hoses. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 830) that would clarify 
that the requirements under chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code would not apply to a contract executed by the Department of Defense where the Department is acting as an intermediary for the General Services Ad-ministration (GSA) for purchase of products by other federal agencies or state and local governments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.079 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6574 September 29, 2015 
The House recedes. 
The conferees note that the chapter 148 
process of obtaining a domestic non-avail-ability determination of certain products, such as fire hoses, could have a significant effect on the ability of Federal agencies to respond to natural disasters or other emer-gencies. 
Competition for religious services contracts (sec. 
898) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 829) that would ensure that non- profit organizations can compete for con-tracts for religious related services on a United States military installation. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Pilot program regarding risk-based contracting 
for smaller contract actions under the Truth In Negotiations Act (sec. 899) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 823) that would amend the Truth in Negotiations Act (Public Law 87–653; 10 U.S.C. section 2306a) to raise the threshold for the requirement to provide certified cost or pricing data in non-price competitive pro-curements on non-commercial items from the current $750,000 to $5.0 million and re-quire the Department of Defense (DOD) to establish a risk-based contracting approach, under which certified cost or pricing data would be required for a risk-based sample of contracts, to ensure that DOD is getting fair and reasonable prices for such contracts. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would establish a pilot program to test this authority. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Sense of Congress on the desired tenets of the 
defense acquisition system 
The House bill contained provisions (sec. 
800 and sec. 821) that express the sense of Congress that acquisition reform efforts and weapon system acquisitions require improve-ment. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the concern that the in-
centives of the current acquisition system lead to too many defense acquisitions con-currently chasing finite dollars. The con-ferees are concerned that the Nation often endures weapons delivered late, at too high of a cost, with performance that falls short, and that are difficult and costly to maintain. Furthermore, the conventional acquisition process is not sufficiently agile to support warfighter demands. 
The conferees express the need for reform 
for national security reasons to maintain technological and military dominance. The conferees are concerned that the current process is so rigid and time-consuming that the Department is often unable to effectively tap into the innovation occurring in the commercial marketplace. The conferees note that commercial research and development (R&D) now represents 75 percent of the na-tional total, and global R&D is now more than twice that of the United States. The conferees suggest that removing unnecessary legislative, regulatory, and cultural barriers to new commercial competitions is nec-essary to create better incentives for and in-creased access to innovation beyond the De-partment. The conferees believe these steps are critical for national security in the fu-ture, especially in areas such as cyber secu-rity, robotics, data analytics, miniaturiza-tion, and autonomy. 
The conferees are concerned that the De-
partment of Defense currently lacks effec-tive oversight over a contracted services 
portfolio that has grown in magnitude over the last decade. The military departments and defense agencies have failed to adopt leading private sector best practices in the acquisition and management of commer-cially available services and information technologies. Departmental leadership has limited insight into the services being ac-quired and even less awareness of the serv-ices that may be needed in the future. 
The conferees believe that the acquisition 
reform provisions in this bill are a first start in addressing these challenges but it will re-quire all stakeholders in the acquisition sys-tem—the Department of Defense, Congress, and industry—to work together to achieve success. Success will be measured by the timely delivery of affordable and effective military equipment and services. The con-ferees will continue to work for an acquisi-tion system that is more proactive, agile, transparent, and innovative. 
Independent study of matters related to bid pro-
tests 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
803) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to enter into a contract, within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, with an independent research entity that is a not-for-profit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capa-bility to carry out a comprehensive study of factors leading to bid protests. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 880) that would require a report by the Government Accountability Office on bid protests. 
The conference agreement does not include 
either of these provisions. 
Compliance with inventory of contracts for serv-
ices 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
807) that would limit the expenditure of funds authorized for the operation of the Of-fice of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness until certain condi-tions are met regarding the Department of Defense’s compliance with the requirement for an inventory of contracts for services. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees continue to recognize the 
value of obtaining better visibility over the use of services contracts by defense compo-nents and agencies to better understand how contracted services are being used to support Department of Defense missions. The con-ferees note a distinction between services contracts which are measured in the same manner as staff augmentation contracts of contractor full-time equivalents and per-formance-based services contracts and other services contracts which rely on a high de-gree of embedded capital equipment and business process re-engineering. The con-ferees direct the Secretary of Defense to ex-amine the approach the Department is tak-ing to comply with section 2330a, United States Code, and determine whether it is or is not producing a product that enhances the oversight of service contracting activities and submit a report explaining the results of that examination to the congressional de-fense committees no later than March 1, 2016, including efforts to better manage con-tractor and civilian personnel costs within the Department. The conferees recognize the information technology aspects of the inven-tory present technical challenges and en-courage the Secretary of Defense to inves-tigate and pursue existing Department of De-fense and service component information technology systems which could present a timely solution and provide data relevant to strategic workforce planning. To the extent 
that the Secretary identifies that the proc-ess and technology are not producing an oversight-enhancing product, the conferees expect the Secretary to propose an alter-native method of inventory. 
Requirement for acquisition skills assessment bi-
ennial strategic workforce plan 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
814) that would amend section 115b of title 10, United States Code, which requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a biennial strategic workforce plan on critical skills and competencies of the civilian employee workforce of the Department of Defense, to include an additional assessment of new or expanded critical skills and competencies needed by the civilian employee workforce to address new acquisition process require-ments established by law or policy. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Modification to requirements relating to deter-
mination of contract type for major defense acquisition programs and major systems 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
824) that would amend section 2306 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new sub-section, and repealing the requirements in certain subsections of section 818 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364), re-lating to the modification of Department of Defense regulations. 
The Senate amendment contained a re-
lated provision (sec. 821) that would require the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement to be revised to establish a pref-erence for fixed-price contracts, including fixed-price incentive contracts, in the deter-mination of contract type for development programs. 
The conference agreement does not include 
either provision. 
Requirement that certain ship components be 
manufactured in the national technology and industrial base 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
836) that would amend section 2534(a) of title 10, United States Code, and would require certain auxiliary ship components to be pro-cured from a manufacturer in the national technology and industrial base. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Policy regarding solid rocket motors used in tac-
tical missiles 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
837) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to ensure that every tactical missile program of the Department of Defense that uses solid propellant as the primary propul-sion system shall have at least one rocket motor supplier within the national tech-nology and industrial base and would allow the Secretary to waive this requirement in the case of compelling national security rea-sons. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees agree on the importance of 
sustaining rocket motor production options to ensure a healthy tactical missile indus-trial base. 
FAR Council membership for Administrator of 
Small Business Administration 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
838) that would amend section 1302 of title 41, United States Code, by adding the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration to the Federal Acquisition Regulatory (FAR) Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.080 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6575 September 29, 2015 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees believe that the FAR Coun-
cil should work closely with the Small Busi-ness Administration to ensure that con-sistent regulations are issued from both or-ganizations, to the benefit of both Federal agencies and their small business contrac-tors. 
Limitations on reverse auctions 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
846) that would amend the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for the purchase of con-struction services; goods purchased to pro-tect Federal employees, members of the Armed Forces, or civilians from bodily harm; and goods or services awarded based on fac-tors other than price and technical responsi-bility if the contract is awarded using a Small Business Act procurement authority. For all other reverse auctions conducted using a Small Business Act procurement au-thority, the provision required training of contracting officers, restricted the activities that could be undertaken by third-party agents, required honesty in price rankings, and required that revisions to offers be per-mitted throughout the course of the auction. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that similar language 
independent of the Small Business Act and applicable only to the Department of De-fense was adopted as section 824 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). Recognizing that two-thirds of reverse auctions are con-ducted outside of the Department of Defense, the conferees see value in addressing the use of this procurement method in civilian agen-cies but believe it is premature to place addi-tional restrictions upon the Department until section 824 of last year’s authorization is implemented. 
Extension of limitation on aggregate annual 
amount available for contract services 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
863) that would extend the limitation on the aggregate annual amount available for con-tract services. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Strengthening program and project management 
performance by the Department of Defense 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
867) that would require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to develop a plan to strengthen program and project management performance for improving management of IT programs and projects. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 810) that would outline De-partment of Defense responsibilities under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code for improving program and project manage-ment. 
The conference agreement does not include 
either provision. 
Synchronization of defense acquisition curricula 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
868) that would require that the President of the Defense Acquisition University convene an annual review board to synchronize de-fense acquisition curricula across the De-partment of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the Defense Acqui-
sition University (DAU) plays an important role in enhancing the quality and innovative capacity of the defense acquisition work-
force. DAU training and education will be critical to enable the workforce to better po-sition DOD to access global and commercial technologies and services, as well as to put the tenets of acquisition reform into actual practice. The conferees urge DAU to work with other educational institutions within and outside DOD to leverage a wide array of available expertise and synchronize acquisi-tion educational activities, best practices and curricula. Further, in order to enhance education and training of the acquisition workforce and support effective acquisition reform, the conferees direct DAU to engage with leading educational and research ex-perts on procurement and acquisition issues from both within and outside the Federal Government, including through personal ex-changes, joint studies and analyses, and other interactions. 
Research and analysis of defense acquisition 
policy 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
869) that would amend section 1746(a) of title 10, United States Code to add examples of academic institutions that could be used for the research and analysis of defense acquisi-tion policy issues. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Modifications to the justification and approval 
process for certain sole-source contracts for small business concerns 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
871) that would repeal the requirement for the simplified justification and approval process established in section 811 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2405; 41 U.S.C. 3304 note). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Annual report on foreign procurements 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 886) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to provide a report relating to specific foreign procurements by the De-partment of Defense that result from waivers to the Buy America Act. 
The House bill had no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Department’s 
Report to Congress on Fiscal Year 2014 Pur-chases from Foreign Entities identified ap-proximately $5.4 billion in spending on near-ly 23,000 purchases for which the restrictions of the Buy America Act are not applicable because they are for items that are manufac-tured and used outside the United States. 
The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to submit to the appropriate congres-sional defense committees a report listing specific procurements by the Department of Defense in fiscal year 2016 of articles, mate-rials, or supplies valued greater than $5.0 million, using the exception under section 8302(a)(2)(A) of title 41, United States Code, relating to articles, materials, and supplies for use outside the United States. The con-ferees note that this report may be sub-mitted as part of the report required under section 8305 of such title. 
T
ITLE IX—D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT  
LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Update of statutory functions of the Chairman 
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force development activities (sec. 901) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
903) that would amend section 153(a)(5), title 10, United States Code, by adding a new sub-section that would require the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to advise the Sec-
retary of Defense on development of joint command, control, communications and cyber capability, including integration and interoperability of such capability through requirements, integrated architectures, data standards and assessments. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 901). 
The Senate recedes. 
Sense of Congress on the United States Marine 
Corps (sec. 902) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
904) that would express the sense of Congress that the United States Marine Corps, within the Department of the Navy, should remain the Nation’s expeditionary crisis response force and that the Marine Corps should be organized, trained, and equipped in the man-ner and for such purposes specified in section 5063 of title 10, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1048). 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Redesignation of the Department of the Navy as 
the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
901) that would redesignate the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Change of period for Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff review of the Unified Com-mand Plan 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
902) that would amend section 161(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, to change the period for Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff review of the Unified Command Plan from 2 years to 4 years. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Reorganization and redesignation of Office of 
Family Policy and Office of Community Support for Military Families with Special Needs 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 902) that would amend sections 1781, 1781(a), 1781c, and 131 of title 10, United States Code, to reorganize and redesignate the Office of Community Support for Mili-tary Families with Special Needs and the Of-fice of Family Policy into the Office of Mili-tary Family Readiness Policy. The provision would also require the director of the Office of Military Family Readiness Policy to be a member of the Senior Executive Service or a general or flag officer. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Guidelines for conversion of functions performed 
by civilian or contractor personnel to per-formance by military personnel 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
907) that would provide guidelines for the conversion of functions performed by civil-ian or contractor personnel to performance by military personnel. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees have included in the out-
come for sec. 321 of the House bill an addi-tional reporting requirement related to the methodology for making cost comparisons between Department of Defense workforce sectors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.081 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6576 September 29, 2015 
TITLE X—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
General transfer authority (sec. 1001) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1001) that would allow the Secretary of De-fense to transfer up to $5.0 billion of fiscal year 2016 funds authorized in division A of this Act to unforeseen higher priority needs. 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
1001) that would allow the Secretary of De-fense to transfer up to $4.5 billion of fiscal year 2016 funds authorized in division A of this Act to unforeseen higher priority needs. 
The House recedes. 
Accounting standards to value certain property, 
plant, and equipment items (sec. 1002) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1003) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to coordinate with the Federal Ac-counting Standards Advisory Board to estab-lish accounting standards for large and unordinary general property, plant, and equipment items. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Report on auditable financial statements (sec. 
1003) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1004) that would require the Department of Defense to develop a report ranking organi-zations according to their advancement in the achievement of auditable financial state-ments. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would modify the reporting require-ment. 
The conferees note that 2015 marks 10 
years implementing audit and financial man-agement improvement efforts under the De-partment’s Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness (FIAR) plan. The conferees are concerned that recent setbacks could af-fect the long term goals of the Department. For fiscal year 2014, the Department signifi-cantly scaled back its effort to audit the one-year Statement of Budgetary Activity (SBA) instead of the multi-year Statement of Budgetary Resources (SBR) required by the 2014 statutory deadline. In 2015, the De-partment withdrew its clean opinion on the Marine Corps’ fiscal year 2012 SBA. Despite substantial and unquantified resources being invested in IT systems, personnel, training, and consulting services over the last decade, progress remains limited. 
The Department’s 2017 deadline to declare 
audit readiness for its full complement of fi-nancial statements is fast approaching. Well- known and well-documented material weak-nesses that are supposed to be addressed under the FIAR plan remain in place. The conferees look forward to continued discus-sions with the Department on how these weaknesses will be resolved in time for the full audit of the Department’s fiscal year 2018 financial statements. 
Further, the conferees believe that the De-
partment should better understand best practices of private and public sector organi-zations who have obtained and maintained clean audits, including many who are large, multinational corporations, deal with emer-gency operations, and work with classified materials and activities. The conferees ex-pect that the implementation of some of these practices, especially the use of organi-zational incentives to drive change, develop-ment of milestones to measure progress to-wards auditability, and more strategic and rigorous business process re-engineering and IT modernization, will support DOD’s efforts to obtain clean audits in a more effective and efficient manner. Sense of Senate on sequestration (sec. 1004) 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
1004) that stated sequestration is an inad-equate budgeting tool to address the nation’s deficits and debt and that relief must be ac-complished for fiscal year 2016 and 2017. Fur-thermore relief should include equal defense and non-defense relief and be offset through changes in mandatory and discretionary cat-egories, and revenues. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that states budget caps imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 must be modified or eliminated through a bipartisan legisla-tive agreement. 
Annual audit of financial statements of Depart-
ment of Defense components by independent external auditors (sec. 1005) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1002) that would require the De-partment of Defense Inspector General to fulfill its statutory audit responsibilities to perform financial statement audits for the military departments and other designated components of the Department by con-tracting with independent external auditors. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify the selection and report-ing requirements. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
Extension of authority to support unified 
counterdrug and counterterrorism campaign in Colombia (sec. 1011) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1011) that would extend for 2 fiscal years the authority of the Secretary of De-fense to provide assistance to support the unified counterdrug and counterterrorism campaign of the Government of Colombia (Section 1021 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375)), as most recently amended by section 1011 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sions. 
The House recedes. 
Extension and expansion of authority to provide 
additional support for counter-drug activi-ties of certain foreign governments (sec. 1012) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1011) that would extend, by 1 year, the au-thority to provide support for counterdrug activities of certain foreign governments originally authorized by subsection (a)(2) of section 1033 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85), and most recently amended by sec-tion 1013 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 201 (Public Law 113– 291). 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1012) that would amend section 1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). Specifi-cally, the provision would extend the Depart-ment of Defense’s (DOD) authority to pro-vide additional support for counterdrug ac-tivities of certain foreign governments through fiscal year 2017, as well as add Kenya, Tanzania, and Somalia as countries eligible to receive assistance under this au-thority. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would add the Governments of Kenya and Tanzania to the list of governments eli-gible to receive support under this authority 
as well as require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to congressional defense committees on the Department’s planned use of this authority in the future. 
The conferees believe that the growing 
nexus between terrorism and transnational organized crime in East Africa warrants in-creased attention by the Department of De-fense. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to develop and submit not later than December 31, 2015 a plan for building the capacity of the Government of Somalia to combat the threat posed by il-licit trafficking. 
Sense of the Congress on Central America (sec. 
1013) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1012) that would express a series of findings and a statement of policy on a Plan Central America to address violence, instability, il-licit trafficking, and transnational organized crime in the region. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would express the Sense of Congress that the United States should, to the extent practicable, prioritize efforts to address the challenges to regional security in Central America. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
Additional information supporting long-range 
plans for construction of naval vessels (sec. 1021) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1024) that would require the Sec-retary of the Defense to provide additional information in the annual naval vessel con-struction plan required by section 231 of title 10, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund (sec. 1022) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1051) that would amend section 1022 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by expand-ing the transfer authority provided to the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund from the Department of the Navy to the Depart-ment of Defense; providing authority to enter into economic order quantity con-tracts for ballistic missile submarines and other nuclear powered vessels; and providing incremental funding and facilities funding authority. This section further requires the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report on the Fund to the congressional defense com-mittees by March 1, 2016, and annually through the year 2025. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion that would expand the transfer author-ity provided to the National Sea-Based De-terrence Fund from the Department of the Navy to the Department of Defense (sec. 1022). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would expand the Fund to include the authorization of incremental funding author-ity, economic order quantity contract au-thority, advance construction authority, and transfer authority from any Department of Defense appropriation. In addition, the Sen-ate amendment would add the authorization to transfer unobligated fiscal year 2017 funds into the Fund. 
Because the Ohio-class replacement pro-
gram is scheduled to carry 70 percent of our nation’s strategic weapons and the fiscal in-vestments will make this program one of the largest acquisition efforts in the Department of Defense, the conferees believe that the Secretary should have the authority to im-plement streamlined financial management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.082 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6577 September 29, 2015 
and acquisition strategies for the program, 
including appropriate use of incremental funding and economic order quantity author-ity. The conferees believe that the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund could provide the Secretary with that flexibility, while en-suring that Congress has the correct visi-bility into the program. To that end, the conferees expect that a budget request for the Fund would be accompanied by informa-tion sufficient for Congress to exercise ade-quate oversight of the Fund and urge the Secretary of Defense to develop a fiscal strategy that supports this strategic invest-ment. 
To better assess the most efficient method 
of procuring the Ohio-class replacement pro-gram and providing the oversight necessary for this unique investment, the conferees di-rect the Secretary of Defense to submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees with the fiscal year 2017 budget request that includes the following elements: 
(1) The acquisition strategy to build Ohio- 
class replacement submarines that will le-verage the enhanced procurement authori-ties provided in the Fund, including alloca-tion, facility, and vendor base consider-ations; 
(2) An identification of any additional au-
thorities the Secretary may need to make management of the Ohio-class replacement more efficient; 
(3) An assessment of the acquisition strat-
egy developed in paragraph (1) with a con-ventional acquisition strategy to include a cost assessment and overall impacts to the submarine industrial base; 
(4) A description of how funds would be re-
quested in and obligated from the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund, including what, if any, connection the Fund will have with other appropriations accounts (e.g., Ship-building and Conversion, Navy); 
(5) An explanation of how financial man-
agement accountability and transparency would be maintained related to funds moving in to and out of the National Sea-Based De-terrence Fund; and 
(6) Ohio-class replacement construction 
elements that have been included in Re-search, Development, Testing and Evalua-tion, Navy budget request, including nuclear components and common missile compart-ment construction efforts, listed by program element title and number with requested funding. 
The conferees look forward to reviewing 
the Secretary’s report, including options to better support an efficient acquisition strat-egy that could include coordinating with the Virginia-class submarine program, which will continue during the Ohio-class replace-ment submarine construction period. Ac-cording to the Navy, it is likely that these programs will share some common compo-nents. The Navy may be able to coordinate component procurement across both sub-marine programs to achieve better efficiency and cost savings. Such coordination might be managed within the normal appropria-tions accounts, or could be facilitated by providing additional flexibility within the Fund. 
Extension of authority for reimbursement of ex-
penses for certain Navy mess operations afloat (sec. 1023) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1022) that would extend the authority for re-imbursement of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat authorized in section 1014 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383), from September 30, 2015 to Sep-tember 30, 2020, and certain technical and 
clarifying amendments. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1023). 
The Senate recedes. 
Availability of funds for retirement or inactiva-
tion of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock landing ships (sec. 1024) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1023) that would limit the obligation and ex-penditure of funds authorized to be appro-priated or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2016 for the retirement, inactiva-tion, or storage of Ticonderoga-class cruisers and Whidbey Island-class amphibious ships. The provision would also require the mod-ernization of two Ticonderoga-class cruisers to begin in fiscal year 2016 only after suffi-cient materials are available to begin the modernization period. Finally, the mod-ernization period would be limited to 2 years with the ability of the Secretary of the Navy to extend the period for another 6 months. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would only prohibit the retirement, preparation for retirement, inactivation, or placement in storage of any Ticonderoga- class cruisers or Whidbey Island-class am-phibious ships, except to allow the mod-ernization and upgrades for those ships to continue in accordance with the plan re-quired by section 1026 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291). 
The Navy is inducting two cruisers into 
modernization status in fiscal year 2015 and plans to induct two additional cruisers into this status in fiscal year 2016. However, the conferees understand the Navy has not pro-grammed the manpower and operations fund-ing for the remaining seven cruisers in the future years defense program (FYDP) beyond fiscal year 2016. The conferees also under-stand that the FYDP does not support the long-term plan for modernization of these cruisers and dock landing ships beyond fiscal year 2018. 
This is at odds with statements by Sec-
retary of the Navy Ray Mabus that he is ‘‘100-percent’’ committed to ensuring the ships are modernized and returned back to sea and similar statements by other adminis-
tration officials. 
The lack of fiscal support in the fiscal year 
2016 FYDP and previous requests for the early retirement of some of these cruisers has led the conferees to question the admin-istration’s resolve to retain all of these cruisers through the end of their service lives. In order to demonstrate the adminis-tration’s commitment to the plan, it is in-cumbent on the administration to close this gap in force structure statements and fiscal decisions. Continued conferee acceptance of the Navy’s plan will be predicated on the ad-ministration’s decision to fully program across the FYDP for manpower, readiness, and modernization for all cruisers and dock landing ships. 
Limitation on the use of funds for removal of 
ballistic missile defense capabilities from Ti-conderoga class cruisers (sec. 1025) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1024) that would prohibit the removal of bal-listic missile capabilities from any of the Ti-conderoga-class cruisers until the Secretary of the Navy certifies to the congressional de-fense committees that the Navy has obtained the ballistic missile capabilities required by the most recent Navy Force Structure As-sessment or determined to upgrade such cruisers with an equal or improved ballistic missile defense capability. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that adds the following third option to the Secretary of the Navy’s certification—ob-taining at least 40 large surface combatants with ballistic missile defense capability. 
Independent assessment of United States Com-
bat Logistic Force requirements (sec. 1026) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
143) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to enter into an agreement with a fed-erally funded research and development cen-ter to conduct an assessment of the antici-pated future demands of the combat logistics force ships of the Navy and the challenges these ships may face when conducting and supporting future naval operations in con-tested maritime environments. This section would also require the Secretary of Defense to submit the assessment to the congres-sional defense committees by April 1, 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or re-
lease of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1031) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1036) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to any department or agency of the United States Government for the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to or within the United States for two years after enactment of the Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1032) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to the Department of Defense for the transfer or release of indi-viduals detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to or within the United States. This provision would allow transfers to the United States for trial or continued detention pursuant to the Au-thorization for the Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40) after the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate commit-tees a plan for the disposition of all detain-ees held at Guantanamo, and the Congress approves of the plan through a joint resolu-tion of Congress. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that the prohibition would apply to the De-partment of Defense and would expire on De-cember 31, 2016. 
Prohibition on use of funds to construct or mod-
ify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1032) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1037) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to any department or agency of the United States Government to construct or modify the facilities in the United States to house individuals detained at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for two years after enactment of the Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1032) that would expire after the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees a plan for the dis-position of all detainees held at Guanta-
namo, and the Congress approves of the plan through a joint resolution of Congress as provided by another section in this title. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that the prohibition would apply to the De-partment of Defense and would expire on De-cember 31, 2016. 
Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or re-
lease to certain countries of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1033) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1042) that would prohibit the use of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00269 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.083 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6578 September 29, 2015 
provided to any department or agency of the 
United States Government to transfer or re-lease individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Yemen for a period of two years. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1035) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to the Department of Defense to transfer or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Yemen until De-cember 31, 2016. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
terminate the prohibition on December 31, 2016 and clarify the list of countries to which a detainee from Guantanamo cannot be transferred. 
Reenactment and modification of certain prior 
requirements for certifications relating to transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to foreign countries and other foreign entities (sec. 1034) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1039) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to certify that the transfer of any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to a foreign country met certain requirements. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar amendment (sec. 1033) that would expire upon Congress passing a joint resolution ap-proving of a plan submitted by the Secretary of Defense on the disposition of all GTMO de-tainees, as provided for in another section of this title. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
clarifying the scope of the certification. 
Comprehensive detention strategy (sec. 1035) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1032) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to the Department of Defense for the transfer or release of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to or within the United States. This provision would allow transfers to the United States for trial or continued detention pursuant to the Author-ization for the Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40) after the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees a plan for the disposition of all detainees held at Guantanamo, and Congress passes a joint resolution approving that plan. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require a comprehensive deten-tion strategy to be provided to the congres-sional defense committees setting forth the details of such a detention strategy for cur-rent and future individuals captured and held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force pending the end of hostilities. The conferees expect that discussion to in-clude an explanation of the Department’s plan for the disposition of all detainees held at Guantanamo, on a case-by-case basis, and the costs associated with each element of that plan. 
Prohibition on use of funds for realignment of 
forces or closure of United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1036) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1060) that prohibited the use of funds made available to the Department of Defense up until December 31, 2016, to close or abandon the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, relinquish control of Guan-tanamo Bay to Cuba, or modify the Treaty Between the United States and Cuba signed on May 29, 1934. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment that would make technical modifications and incorporate a requirement 
for the Secretary of Defense to submit a re-port regarding the military value of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Report on current detainees at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, de-termined or assessed to be high risk or me-dium risk (sec. 1037) 
The Senate amendment contained an 
amendment (sec. 1036) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a report to appropriate committees on the individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay previously as-sessed to be high or medium risk, whether the assessments on those individuals has changed, and the information supporting those assessments. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
clarifying the scope of information requested in the report. 
Reports to Congress on contact between terror-
ists and individuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1038) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1034) that would include in the report re-quired by Section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32) a summary of all known contact between any individual formerly detained at Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any in-dividual known or suspected to be associated with a foreign terrorist group, and a descrip-tion of whether any of the contact described in the summary included any information or discussion about hostilities against the United States or its allies or partners. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
clarifying that the summary should include a description of any information or discus-sion about planning for or conducting hos-tilities against the United States or its allies or partners, or information on the organiza-tional, logistical, or resource needs or activi-ties of any terrorist group. 
Inclusion in reports to Congress of information 
about recidivism of individuals formerly de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1039) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1035) that would include in the report re-quired by Section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32) information on each individual found to have reengaged in terrorism. Specifically, the pro-vision would require information on the pe-riod of time between release of such indi-vidual from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and the date at which the individual was confirmed to have reengaged in terrorist activities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
clarifying that the report would include in-formation on the dates of release and the dates of confirmation of reengagement for all such individuals. 
Report to Congress on terms of written agree-
ments with foreign countries regarding transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1040) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1037) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to provide to appropriate committees a report on any written agree-ment entered into between the United States and any foreign country regarding an indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo who was transferred to a foreign country. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. The House recedes with an amendment 
clarifying the information requested for the report. 
Report on use of United States Naval Station, 
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and other Depart-ment of Defense or Bureau of Prisons pris-ons or detention or disciplinary facilities in recruitment or other propaganda of terrorist organizations (sec. 1041) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1038) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to report to Congress on the propaganda and recruitment value for terrorist organizations of the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other detention or dis-ciplinary facility. 
The House bill contained no such provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment re-
quiring the Department of Defense to pro-vide a one-time report to the appropriate committees that covers the entire period after September 11, 2001. 
Permanent authority to provide rewards 
through Government personnel of allied forces and certain other modifications to Department of Defense program to provide rewards (sec. 1042) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1031) that would modify section 127b of title 10, United States Code, to make permanent the authority to make rewards to a person providing information or non-lethal assist-ance to U.S. Government personnel or gov-ernment personnel of allied forces partici-pating in a combined operation with U.S. Armed Forces conducted outside the United States against terrorism, or providing such information or assistance that is beneficial to force protection associated with such an operation. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1039) that would modify and extend section 127b of title 10, United States Code through December 31, 2016, as well as create a notification requirement for when the Secretary of Defense designates a country as a country in which an operation is occurring in connection with which re-wards may be paid by this section. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would make the authority permanent and incorporate the notification requirement from the Senate provision. 
Sunset on exception to congressional notifica-
tion of sensitive military operations (sec. 1043) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1031) that would modify section 130f of title 10, United States Code, by striking the ex-ception to the notification requirement for a sensitive military operation executed within the territory of the Islamic Republic of Af-ghanistan pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would repeal the exception for sensitive military operations conducted within the territory of the Islamic Republic of Afghani-stan on December 31, 2017. 
In the classified annex that accompanies 
this report, the conferees direct periodic re-porting on Afghanistan to the congressional defense committees. 
Repeal of semiannual reports on obligation and 
expenditure of funds for the combating ter-rorism program (sec. 1044) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1033) that would modify reporting require-ments for budget information related to pro-gram for combating terrorism as required by section 229 of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00270 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.085 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6579 September 29, 2015 
This section would specifically eliminate 
subsection (d) of section 229, regarding semi-annual reports on obligations and expendi-tures. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Limitation on interrogation techniques (sec. 
1045) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1040) that would limit interroga-tion techniques to those in the Army Field Manual for individuals in the custody or under the effective control of an officer, em-ployee, or agent of the United States Gov-ernment, or detained within a facility owned, operated, or controlled by a depart-ment or agency of the United States, in any armed conflict. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would make the limitation on interro-gation techniques inapplicable to law en-forcement and requires an update to the Army Field Manual no sooner than three years after the date of enactment. The con-ferees recognize that law enforcement per-sonnel may continue to use authorized non- coercive techniques of interrogation, and that Army Field Manual 2–22.3 is designed to reflect best practices for interrogation to elicit reliable statements. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
Department of Defense excess property program 
(sec. 1051) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1052) that would make changes to excess de-fense article donations authorized under sec-tion 2576a of title 10, United States Code. Specifically, the provision would require the establishment of a public website containing information on certain transfers made under the program, establish specific criteria for State program managers to be met before the Defense Logistics Agency may transfer certain types of equipment, and mandate several reviews of program objectives and ef-ficacy, to include training recommendations, by a federally funded research and develop-ment center, the Comptroller General of the United States, and the Department of De-fense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment to 
include additional requirements on transfer of controlled property, a study on controlled property transfers, the incidence of con-trolled property that is lost or unaccounted for, and procedures governing the return of controlled property to the Department of De-fense. 
Sale or donation of excess personal property for 
border security activities (sec. 1052) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1060b) that would amend Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, to include bor-der security activities as a specific category eligible for the transfer of excess personal property of the Department of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that any controlled 
equipment, as designated in Department of Defense Instruction 4160.28, Volume 2, or any succeeding instruction, transferred to the Department of Homeland Security through the ‘‘1033 program’’ as amended by this sec-tion remains the property of the Department of Defense, and this section does not author-ize the Department of Homeland Security to transfer controlled DOD equipment to any non-federal entity. The conferees expect the Department of Defense and the Department 
of Homeland Security to use memoranda of agreement similar to those used for the transfer of equipment to law enforcement agencies to state the conditions of transfer and compliance, including that non-compli-ance requires the return of all equipment to DOD. 
Management of military technicians (sec. 1053) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1046) that would convert not less than 20 percent of the general administra-tion, clerical, financial, and office service oc-cupation positions identified in the report of the Secretary of Defense under section 519 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1397) from military techni-cian (dual status) positions to positions filled by individuals who are employed under section 3103 of title 5, United States Code, by no later than January 1, 2017. The provision also requires the phased-in termination of military technicians (non-dual status) to begin on January 1, 2017. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Limitation on transfer of certain AH–64 Apache 
helicopters from Army National Guard to regular Army and related personnel levels (sec. 1054) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1053) that would change section 1712 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Authority to provide training and support to 
personnel of foreign ministries of defense (sec. 1055) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (1082) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense to provide training to per-sonnel of foreign ministries of defense (or ministries with security force oversight), or regional organizations with security mis-sions for the purpose of: (1) enhancing civil-ian oversight of foreign security forces; (2) establishing responsible defense governance and internal controls in order to help build effective, transparent, and accountable de-fense institutions; (3) assessing organiza-tional weaknesses and establishing a road-map for addressing shortfalls; and (4) en-hancing ministerial, general or joint staff, service level core competencies such as per-sonnel and readiness, acquisition and logis-tics, strategy and policy, and financial man-agement. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would sunset the authority on Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
Information operations and engagement tech-
nology demonstrations (sec. 1056) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1055) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out a pilot program or mul-tiple pilot programs related to information and strategic communications capabilities to support the geographic and functional combatant commanders. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to carry out a series of technology dem-onstrations, subject to the availability of funds for such purpose or to a prior approval reprogramming, related to information oper-ations and information engagement to sup-port the geographic and functional combat-
ant commanders, with associated notifica-tion requirements. 
Prohibition on the use of funds for the retire-
ment of helicopter sea combat squadron 84 and 85 aircraft (sec. 1057) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1056) that would prohibited the obligation of appropriated funds to retire, prepare to re-tire, transfer or place in stowage any air-craft in Helicopter Sea Squadrons 84 and 85 until the Secretary of the Navy certifies to Congress that the Navy has conducted a cost-benefit analysis, identified a replace-ment capability and deployed the capability. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
The conferees expect the directed cost-ben-
efit analysis to include any cost-sharing ar-rangements between the combatant com-manders, including U.S. Special Operations Command, and the Navy, as well as a long term plan for recapitalization of the de-ployed capability. 
Limitation on availability of funds for destruc-
tion of certain landmines (sec. 1058) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1057) that limits the Department of Defense’s ability to destroy any anti-personnel land-mines (APL) until the Secretary of Defense provides a comprehensive study on the tac-tical and operational impacts of a ban on APL, a strategy for replacing current APL systems that are compliant with current DOD policy, and a certification that alter-native systems will not endanger members of the Armed Forces. The provision provides an exception for landmines certified as unsafe by the Secretary. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the required certification and would link the limitation on the obliga-tion or expenditure of funds for the destruc-tion of anti-personnel landmine munitions, with the exception included in the House provision, to the delivery of a new report to be delivered to Congress within 180 days after the enactment of this Act. 
The conferees understand the Secretary of 
Defense is conducting an Analysis of Alter-natives (AOA) on Area Denial Capability De-velopment to include next generation anti- personnel landmines, and that the AOA is ex-pected to be complete in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. The conferees expect this AOA to inform the report required in this provision. The conferees further direct the Secretary of Defense to provide the AOA to the congressional defense committees on its completion. 
Department of Defense authority to provide as-
sistance to secure the southern land border of the United States (sec. 1059) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1041) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense, with concurrence of the Secretary of Homeland Security, to provide assistance to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection for the purpose of increasing the on-going efforts to secure the southern land bor-der of the United States. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment and additional reporting re-quirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00271 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.086 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6580 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
Provision of defense planning guidance and 
contingency planning guidance information to Congress (sec. 1060) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1061) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to provide to the congressional com-mittees, not later than 120 days after the en-actment of this Act, a report containing summaries of the defense planning guidance and contingency planning guidance devel-oped in accordance with the requirements of such section, and to include those summaries in the annual budget documents submitted to Congress. Additionally, this section would provide a limitation on the obligation or ex-penditure of 25 percent of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act for Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, for the Office of the Secretary of Defense, until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the first report required by this section. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the funding limitation for the Office of the Secretary of Defense. 
Expedited meetings of the National Commission 
on the Future of the Army (sec. 1061) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1069) that would amend section 1702(f) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291: 128 Stat. 3665). The section would be amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Section 10 of Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App. I) shall not apply to a meeting of the Commission unless the meeting is at-tended by 5 or more members of the Commis-sion.’’ 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Modification of certain reports submitted by 
Comptroller General of the United States (sec. 1062) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1062) that would amend section 3255(a)(2) of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion Act (50 U.S.C. 2455), to provide the Comptroller General of the United States, in any odd-numbered year, 150 days to submit the report required by such section. This provision would also amend section 3134 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) to elimi-nate a requirement for the Comptroller Gen-eral to conduct a final review of all projects carried out by the Department of Energy’s Office of Environmental Management using American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 Public Law 111–5) funds. 
The Senate amendment contained two 
similar provisions (sec. 3120 and 3121) that would extend the Government Account-ability Office’s annual reporting deadline for reviewing the budget of the National Nuclear Security Administration weapons program from 90 days to 150 days in odd-numbered years when NNSA is required to submit a de-tailed Stockpile Stewardship Management Plan (SSMP). Additionally, section 3121 would repeal phase three of section 3134 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) related to defense environmental cleanup projects, as the Government Accountability Office has reported on all phases of this project. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees empha-
size that, to support the legislative calendar in odd-numbered years, the Comptroller Gen-eral should still provide the congressional defense committees interim briefings on the SSMP. Report on implementation of the geographically 
distributed force laydown in the area of re-sponsibility of United States Pacific Com-mand (sec. 1063) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1063) that would require the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Commander of U.S. Pacific Command (PACOM), to sub-mit a report to congressional defense com-mittees no later than March 1, 2016 on the Department of Defense’s plans for imple-menting the geographically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of U.S. Pacific Command. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Independent study of national security strategy 
formulation process (sec. 1064) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1064) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to contract with an independent re-search entity to carry out a study of the De-partment of Defense role in, and process for, the formulation of national security strat-egy. This study would include several case studies on the role of the Department of De-fense in the formulation of previous national security strategies and issues related to the formulation process throughout the history of the United States and a complete review and analysis of the current national security strategy formulation process as it relates to the Department of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would also require the report to include recommendations for the executive and leg-islative branches on the best practices for enabling the Department of Defense to for-mulate long-term strategy. The conferees be-lieve the Secretary of Defense should con-tinue to make every effort to recruit, cul-tivate, and further strategic thinking within the Department. 
Report on the status of detection, identification, 
and disablement capabilities related to re-motely piloted aircraft (sec. 1065) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1067) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report to the congressional defense committees ad-dressing the suitability of existing capabili-ties to detect, identify, and disable remotely piloted aircraft operating within special use and restricted airspace. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Report on options to accelerate the training of 
remotely piloted aircraft pilots (sec. 1066) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1067) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit, not later than February 1, 2016, a report to the congressional defense committees addressing the immediate and critical training and operational needs of the remotely piloted aircraft community. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Studies of fleet platform architectures for the 
Navy (sec. 1067) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1021) that would direct the Sec-retary of Defense to commission three stud-ies to be submitted to the congressional de-fense committees in unclassified, and to the extent necessary, in classified versions to recommend potential future fleet architec-tures. These studies would provide com-peting visions and alternatives for future fleet architectures. One study would be per-formed by the Department of the Navy, with 
input from the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division. The second study would be performed by a federally funded research and development center. The third study would be conducted by a qualified inde-pendent, non-governmental institute, as se-lected by the Secretary of Defense. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would modify the required submission date of the reports to April 1, 2016. 
The conferees note that the majority of 
the total ownership costs for Navy surface ships, almost 70 percent, is comprised of op-erating and support costs incurred over the life of a ship. Personnel costs are the largest contributor to operating and support costs incurred over a ship’s life cycle. As such, transitioning from the personnel- and work-load-intensive ships of the past to optimally crewed ships with reduced workloads has po-tential to free up resources for the Navy to use in recapitalizing the fleet. However, pre-vious studies have found that reduced and optimal manning initiatives were imple-mented without complete analysis and may have had detrimental effects on crew train-ing and the material condition of some leg-acy class ships. In addition, reductions in crew size are frequently offset by increases in shore support and contractor personnel to address shipboard workload. 
The Navy’s newest surface ship classes, the 
Ford-class aircraft carrier, the Littoral Com-
bat Ship and the Zumwalt -class destroyer, 
have been designed to leverage technology and optimal manning concepts to reduce the total crew sizes aboard these ships, but the impact of these efforts on reducing total ownership costs have not been fully dem-onstrated. Therefore, the conferees direct the Comptroller General of the United States to prepare a report to the congressional de-fense committees by July 1, 2016 as to the following elements: 
1. To what extent has the Navy imple-
mented reduced manning initiatives in the surface fleet? 
2. To what extent has the Navy identified 
total manpower requirements, including both shipboard and shore-based, to support optimally manned ships over their life cycle? 
3. To what extent have manning reductions 
on Navy surface ships resulted in reductions to total ownership costs and to what extent has the Navy realized its projected man-power reductions and cost savings? 
4. How have reduced manning initiatives 
impacted the Navy’s plans to operate and support ship classes in the areas of per-sonnel, training, and maintenance (e.g., training qualification times, contractor sup-port for shipboard maintenance, shipboard system casualties)? 
5. To what extent does the Navy rely on 
technological innovations and design fea-tures to enable manning reductions in new ship construction, and to what extent have these reductions been realized after the ships have entered service? 
Report on strategy to protect United States na-
tional security interests in the Arctic region (sec. 1068) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1043) that would direct the Sec-retary of Defense to submit not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act a report that sets forth an updated military strategy for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic re-gion. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00272 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.087 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6581 September 29, 2015 
Comptroller General briefing and report on 
major medical facility projects of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs (sec. 1069) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1085) that would require the Comp-troller General of the United States to pro-vide a briefing 270 days after the enactment of this Act and a report not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act on the administration and oversight Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs of contracts for the design and construction of major medical fa-cility projects, as defined in section 8104(a(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Submittal to Congress of munitions assessments 
(sec. 1070) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1063) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to provide the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives not later than March 1, 2016, and each year thereafter, the most cur-rent Department of Defense Munitions and Munitions Sufficiency Assessments, as de-fined in Department of Defense Instruction 3000.04. The provision would also require the Department of Defense to provide the com-mittees the most recently approved Joint Requirements Oversight Council memo re-sulting from the annual Munitions Require-ments Process. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would sunset the requirement to submit reports and assessments in the provision 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Potential role for United States ground forces in 
the Pacific theater (sec. 1071) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1064) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to conduct a comprehensive operational assessment of a potential future role for U.S. ground forces in the island chains of the western Pacific in creating anti-access/area denial (A2/AD) capabilities in cooperation with host nations to deter and defeat aggression in the region. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with amendments. The conferees direct the Secretary and the 
Chairman to conduct the assessment re-quired by subsection (a) using operations re-search methods and wargaming, in addition to historical analysis of the use of ground forces by the United States and Japan in the Pacific theater during World War II, tech-nical analysis, analysis of force structure impacts, and any other analysis they deem appropriate. Further, in making this assess-ment, the Secretary should consider the po-tential geopolitical impact on the United States posture in the Pacific theater associ-ated with a strategy of long-term engage-ment by United States ground forces. 
The conferees also direct the Secretary and 
the Chairman to confer with U.S. Pacific Command; the Joint Requirements and Anal-ysis Division and the wargaming resources of the Warfighting Analysis Division of the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Directorate of the Joint Staff, augmented as necessary and appropriate from the war col-leges of the military departments; the Office of Net Assessment; any appropriate federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs); and any other organizations or di-visions as they deem appropriate. 
Additionally, the conferees note that the 
term ‘‘ground forces’’ in this section is inclu-sive of all U.S. military services, including 
both the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps. 
Repeal or revision of reporting requirements re-
lated to military personnel issues (sec. 1072) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1071) that would repeal or revise certain re-porting requirements related to military personnel authorities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would restore several report require-ments. 
Repeal or revision of reporting requirements re-
lating to readiness (sec. 1073) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1072) that would repeal or revise Department of Defense reporting requirements relating to readiness. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Repeal or revision of reporting requirements re-
lated to naval vessels and Merchant Marine (sec. 1074) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1073) that would repeal or revise certain re-porting requirements that are overly burden-some, duplicative, or outdated. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the following language from the House provision: ‘‘(c) Amending section 126 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to delete a requirement for a quar-terly report on Mission Modules of the Lit-toral Combat Ship;’’; ‘‘(d) Deleting section 124 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181) that required an assessment prior to the start of construction on the first ship of a shipbuilding program;’’ and ‘‘(e) Amending section 122 of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364) to delete a quarterly re-porting requirement associated with the Ford-class carrier;’’. 
Repeal or revision of reporting requirements re-
lated to civilian personnel (sec. 1075) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1077) that would repeal or revise certain re-porting requirements to include: 
(a) Amending section 1110(i) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84), by striking a report on the pilot program for the tem-porary exchange of information technology personnel. 
(b) Amending section 1001(g)) of the Strom 
Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261) by striking the annual report on extension and modification of experimental personnel management program for scientific and tech-nical personnel. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Repeal or revision of reporting requirements re-
lated to nuclear, proliferation, and related matters (sec. 1076) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1074) that would amend certain reporting re-quirements related to nuclear, proliferation, and related matters. This provision would re-move an annual report by the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council; remove a bian-nual reporting requirement on the Prolifera-tion of Security Initiative; remove briefings on dialogue between the United States and the Russian Federation on nuclear arms; and remove a reporting requirement regarding annual updates to an implementation plan 
for the whole-of-government vision pre-scribed in the National Security Strategy. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Repeal or revision of reporting requirements re-
lated to acquisition (sec. 1077) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1076) that would repeal or revise certain re-porting requirements related to acquisition that are overly burdensome on the Depart-ment of Defense, duplicative, or outdated. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would retain the section 8305 of title 41, United States Code, report on purchases from foreign entities. 
Repeal or revision of miscellaneous reporting re-
quirements (sec. 1078) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1078) that would repeal or revise certain mis-cellaneous reporting requirements for the Department of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would retain the following reports re-pealed in the House provision: report on re-gional defense counterterrorism fellowship program, report on airlift requirements, and report on airborne signals intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance capabilities. 
Repeal of reporting requirements (sec. 1079) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1061) that would repeal a number of reporting requirements for the Department of Defense that have been included in law in past years. 
The House bill contained a similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would strike a number of reports re-peals from the Senate amendment. 
Termination of requirement for submittal to 
Congress of reports required of the Depart-ment of Defense by statute (sec. 1080) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1062) that would, 2 years after the 
date of enactment of the Act, repeal require-ments for recurring reports due to Congress. This would include only report requirements in effect on April 1, 2015. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would limit the repeal of reports to those reports enacted by a National Defense Authorization Act. The amendment also re-quires the Department of Defense to provide the congressional defense committees a list of all reports still required, the citation for each report, and a draft legislative provision for the repeal of such reports. 
The conferees note the importance and 
value of reports from the Department of De-fense as a key enabler of effective oversight. However, the conferees also note the burden excessive reporting places on the Depart-ment and the conferees are eager to strike a balance in the coming years. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Technical and clerical amendments (sec. 1081) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1081) that would make technical and clerical corrections to title 10, United States Code, and various National Defense Authorization Acts. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1081). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
making additional technical and clerical amendments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00273 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.088 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6582 September 29, 2015 
Situations involving bombings of places of pub-
lic use, Government facilities, public trans-portation systems, and infrastructure facili-ties (sec. 1082) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1093) that would amend chapter 18 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Sec-retary of Defense, upon the request of the Attorney General, to provide assistance in Department of Justice activities related to the enforcement of section 2332f of title 18, United States Code, during situations involv-ing bombings of places of public use, Govern-ment facilities, public transportation sys-tems, and infrastructure facilities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Executive agent for the oversight and manage-
ment of alternative compensatory control measures (sec. 1083) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1082) that would direct the Secretary of De-fense to establish an executive agent for the oversight and management of alternative compensatory control measures. This section would also require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional de-fense committees not later than 30 days after the close of each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020, on the oversight and manage-ment of alternative compensatory control measures. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would add a requirement that the re-port required include a brief description of each alternative compensatory control measures program and the number of indi-viduals with access to such program. 
Navy support of Ocean Research Advisory 
Panel (sec. 1084) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1083) that would repeal the requirement for the Department of the Navy to fund the Ocean Research Advisory Panel. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 903). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
The conferees are aware that the Ocean 
Research Advisory Panel plays an important role in setting the civilian agenda for ocean research. The conferees encourage the Navy and the Executive Office of the President to engage in discussions with appropriate fed-eral science and technology agencies to en-sure the transfer of funding and responsibil-ities do not impair the Panel’s activities. 
Level of readiness of Civil Reserve Air Fleet car-
riers (sec. 1085) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1084) that would amend Chapter 931 of title 10, United States Code, by creating a new subsection addressing the readiness of the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF). Specifically, this new section would codify the impor-tance of the CRAF and the need to provide appropriate levels of commercial airlift aug-mentation to maintain networks and infra-structure, exercise the system, and interface effectively within the military airlift sys-tem. This section also would require the Sec-retary of Defense to provide, concurrent with the submission of the President’s request, an assessment of the number of block hours necessary to achieve sufficient levels of com-mercial airlift augmentation, a strategic plan for achieving necessary levels of com-mercial airlift augmentation, and an expla-nation of any difference from the previous fiscal year’s assessment. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would sunset the report requirement provision in 2 years. 
Reform and improvement of personnel security, 
insider threat detection and prevention, and physical security (sec. 1086) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1090) that would mandate the im-plementation of reforms in the personnel se-curity clearance process, insider threat de-tection and prevention, and physical secu-rity in the Department of Defense (DOD) and elsewhere in the Federal Government. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with technical and 
clarifying amendments. 
The provision would: 
(1) Require the Secretary of Defense to de-
velop a plan to implement Continuous Eval-uation (‘‘CE’’) for Department of Defense em-ployees to reduce critical gaps in back-ground investigations; to develop and imple-ment an Insider Threat strategy detailing the Department’s plan to provide a central-ized capability that can quickly analyze the results of automated records checks and re-ports of behavior of concern and recommend action as appropriate; to centralize the pro-grammatic authority of such activities under one official (the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence); to provide re-sources for the expedited deployment of identity management systems for access to DOD facilities which was a critical gap iden-tified in the aftermath of the Fort Hood and Washington Navy Yard shootings; and to centralize control of requests for security clearances from the Office of Personnel Man-agement (OPM) to achieve efficiencies, as well as other key recommendations resulting from the study by the Director of Cost Anal-ysis and Program Evaluation mandated by section 907 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014. 
(2) Require the Secretary of Defense to de-
velop standards for physical and logical ac-cess to secured facilities and information systems, and requires the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), the Chair of the Perform-ance Accountability Council (PAC), and the Administrator of the Government Services Administration, to develop a capability to share and apply electronic identity informa-tion across the government. 
(3) Require OMB to formalize the Security, 
Suitability and Credentialing Line of Busi-ness to ensure adequate oversight and effi-cient investments are made across the enter-prise. 
(4) Require the PAC Chair to develop a 
plan to ensure reciprocity management sys-tems function effectively and securely. The intent is also for agencies to formulate a plan to address how an automated and con-tinuous background check for national secu-rity personnel will travel with that indi-vidual as long as they hold a clearance, re-gardless of changes in employer and program or contract support. 
(5) Require the PAC Chair, along with the 
Security and Suitability Executive Agents and the Secretary of Defense, to jointly de-velop a plan to ensure implementation of uniform self-reporting requirements for all personnel who hold a clearance, including contractors. The provision mandates that re-ported information be shared with those who have a need to know, to ensure that individ-uals with derogatory information are not al-lowed to move around the government with-out the negative information being known. 
The second part of the provision would: 
(1) Clarify and update the agencies covered 
under section 9101. This section has not been updated since 2000—before the creation of the Department of Homeland Security and the 
Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence. This revision also includes agencies that are delegated authority by the Security and Suitability Executive Agents and ex-pands the ‘‘covered agency’’ definition to ex-plicitly include contractor background in-vestigators working on behalf of covered agencies. 
(2) Clarify and update the applicable pur-
poses of investigation to expressly include basic suitability or fitness assessments, credentialing under Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12, Transportation Se-curity Administration Security Threat As-sessment Programs, and Federal Aviation Administration checks required by Federal Statute. 
(3) Permit investigative agencies to con-
duct both biometric (fingerprint) and bio-graphic checks for criminal history records information, as appropriate. The investiga-tive agencies are to determine what is appro-priate. Nothing under this section prohibits the Federal Bureau of Investigation from re-quiring a request for criminal history record information. 
(4) Amend section 9101 to indicate that 
when more than one automated system can provide the same information, the most cost- effective system to the Federal Government shall be used. 
(5) Require that the Department of State, 
Bureau of Consular Affairs, American Citizen Services (ACS), release information about in individual’s interaction with law enforce-ment or intelligence organizations abroad if that individual has contacted ACS for assist-ance after they have been arrested or has been in contact with intelligence agencies of a foreign country while abroad. 
(6) Require contractors who conduct back-
ground investigations on behalf of a covered agency to comply with necessary security re-quirements when accessing an automated in-formation delivery system to request crimi-nal history record information. 
(7) Clarify Title 5 U.S.C. section 7512 to 
strengthen the Federal Government’s ability to take action against individuals who fal-sify background investigation information. 
(8) Require an annual report from the PAC 
to describe and analyze the extent and effec-tiveness of federal, state, and local systems for sharing criminal history record informa-tion; analyze the extent and effectiveness of education programs regarding criminal his-tory record information sharing; provide up-dates on the implementation of best prac-tices for sharing criminal history record in-formation, including ongoing limitations ex-perienced by investigators; and provide de-scriptions of other limitations to investiga-tors and State and local law enforcement agencies. 
(9) Request a Government Accountability 
Office report summarizing the major charac-teristics of federal critical infrastructure protection access controls, as well as back-ground check and credentialing standards for the protection of critical infrastructure and key resources. 
Transfer of surplus firearms to Corporation for 
the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Fire-arms Safety (sec. 1087) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1085) that would authorize the transfer of surplus firearms to the Civilian Marksman-ship Program (CMP). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment that establishes a pilot program limited to .45 caliber handguns and restricts the amount of handguns that can be trans-ferred to the CMP to no more than 10,000 units annually. Additionally, it requires the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00274 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.089 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6583 September 29, 2015 
CMP to provide a report to Congress after 
the conclusion of the pilot program, obtain a federal firearm license to conduct any and all handgun sales, and adhere to all local, state, and federal laws in respect to handgun sales. 
Modification of requirements for transferring 
aircraft within the Air Force inventory (sec. 1088) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1086) that would amend section 345 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) to ease administrative burdens and facilitate non-contentious transfers of aircraft from the Air Reserve Components to the regular component of the Air Force. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 341). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
specifying technical clarifications. 
Reestablishment of Commission to Assess the 
Threat to the United States from Electro-magnetic Pulse Attack (sec. 1089) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1087) that would reinstate the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks. This provi-sion also provides updated guidance on the membership and duties of that commission. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Mine countermeasures master plan (sec. 1090) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1089) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to submit a mine countermeasures master plan to the congressional defense committees along with the annual budget re-quest of each fiscal year from 2018 through 2023. This provision would also require the Secretary of the Navy to submit a one-time report to the congressional defense commit-tees within 1 year of enactment of this Act as to current and future mine counter-measure force structure based on current mine countermeasure capabilities, including an assessment as to whether certain decom-missioned ships should be retained in reserve operating status. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require, as part of the one-time report, an assessment of the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) mine countermeasures mission package increment one performance against the initial operational test and evaluation criteria, as well as an assessment of other commercially available mine counter-measures systems that could supplement or supplant LCS mine countermeasures mission package systems. 
Congressional notification and briefing require-
ment on ordered evacuations of United States embassies and consulates involving the use of United States Armed Forces (sec. 1091) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1090) that would express a sense of Congress on the importance of ensuring the safety and security of members of the Armed Forces of the United States overseas pending an or-dered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate and require the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of State to notify and brief appropriate congressional commit-tees as soon as practicable after the initi-ation of an ordered evacuation. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
The conferees believe that it is critical to 
ensure the safety and security of all U.S. personnel stationed overseas, including 
members of the Department of Defense or-dered to assist in an ordered evacuation of a U.S. embassy or consulate. The conferees ex-pect the notification required by this provi-sion should include, to the extent prac-ticable: (1) an overview of the ordered evacu-ation, (2) an overview of the manner and lo-cation from which the Department of State will continue to conduct the duties and re-sponsibilities of the embassy or consulate, (3) a description of the disposition of em-bassy or consulate property, and (4) any other matters the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State determine relevant. 
Interagency Hostage Recovery Coordinator (sec. 
1092) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1092) that would require the President to des-ignate an existing federal official to serve as the Interagency Hostage Recovery Coordi-nator responsible coordinating the govern-ment’s efforts to secure the release of any United States hostage, chair a fusion cell of appropriate government personnel, and keep informed family members of any hostage. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying tech-
nical amendment that would modify the Co-ordinator’s duties and scope of authority. 
Sense of Senate on the inadvertent shipment of 
live Bacillus anthracis (sec. 1093) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (section 1086) that expressed a sense of the Senate on the inadvertent transfer of live Bacillus anthracis from Army labora-tories, that the Center for Disease Control and Prevention and the Federal Bureau of Investigation should investigate the cause of the transfer and that the Department of De-fense should reassess of standards on a reg-ular basis to prevent a re-occurrence. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that accounts for the number of affected sites that received the live Bacillus anthracis over time. 
Modification of certain requirements applicable 
to major medical facility lease for a Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs outpatient clinic in Tulsa, Oklahoma (sec. 1094) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1084) that would make modifica-tions to the requirements associated with the amount of usable space, and the length of the lease, for a major veteran’s medical facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma before entering into such a lease. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Authorization of certain major medical facility 
projects of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for which amounts have been appro-priated (sec. 1095) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1089) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out cer-tain projects contained in the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs, including: 
(A) $35,000,000 to make seismic corrections 
to Building 205 in the West Los Angeles Med-ical Center of the Department in Los Ange-les, California, which, according to the De-partment, is a building that is designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sus-taining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake; 
(B) $101,900,000 to replace the community 
living center and mental health facilities of the Department in Long Beach, California, which, according to the Department, are des-ignated as having an exceptionally high risk 
of sustaining substantial damage or col-lapsing during an earthquake; 
(C) $187,500,000 to replace the existing spi-
nal cord injury clinic of the Department in San Diego, California, which, according to the Department, is designated as having an extremely high risk of sustaining major damage during an earthquake; and 
(D) $122,400,000 to make renovations to ad-
dress substantial safety and compliance issues at the medical center of the Depart-ment in Canandaigua, New York, and for the construction of a new clinic and community living center at such medical center. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Designation of construction agent for certain 
construction projects by Department of Vet-erans Affairs (sec. 1096) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1091) that would require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers or another entity of the Federal Government to serve, on a reimbursable basis, as the con-struction agent on all construction projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs spe-cifically authorized by Congress after the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2016 that involve a total expenditure of more than $100.0 million, excluding any acquisi-tion by exchange. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would apply this to major medical fa-cilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Department of Defense strategy for countering 
unconventional warfare (sec. 1097) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1088) that would require the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the President and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a strategy for the Department of De-fense to counter unconventional warfare threats posed by adversarial state and non- state actors. This section would require the Secretary of Defense to submit the strategy to the congressional defense committees within 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Sustainment enhancement 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 852) that would express the sense of Congress that the Department of Defense does not place sufficient emphasis on sustainment of weapon systems and would require the Secretary of Defense to assess of the feasibility and advisability of assigning additional functions regarding sustainment, manufacturing, and industrial base policy to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Logis-tics and Materiel Readiness. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees by February 1, 2016, on recommendations concerning the feasibility and advisability of assigning additional func-tions regarding sustainment, manufacturing, and industrial base policy to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Logistics and Mate-riel Readiness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00275 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.090 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6584 September 29, 2015 
Consideration of strategic materials in prelimi-
nary design review 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
859) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to ensure that Department of De-fense Instruction 5000.02 and other applicable guidance receive full consideration during preliminary design review for strategic ma-terials requirements over the life cycle of the product. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Authority to transfer funds to the National Nu-
clear Security Administration to sustain nu-clear weapons modernization and Naval Re-actors 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1002) that would provide the Secretary of De-fense the authority to transfer up to $150.0 million to the nuclear weapons and naval re-actor programs of the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration (NNSA) if the amount authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the weapons activities of the NNSA is less than $8.9 billion (the amount specified for fiscal year 2016 in the report required by section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84)). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Restrictions on the overhaul and repair of ves-
sels in foreign shipyards 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1021) that would amend section 7310 of title 10, United States Code, to prohibit the Sec-retary of the Navy from beginning in a ship-yard outside the United States or outside a territory of the United States any work that is scheduled to be for a period of more than 6 months for the overhaul, repair, or mainte-nance of a naval vessel whose homeport is not in the United States or Guam. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Report on Department of Defense definition of 
and policy regarding software sustainment 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1026) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit a report on the definition and policy of software sustainment used by the Department of De-fense. The study would be performed by a federally funded research and development center. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that weapon systems 
are increasingly reliant on software and the sustainment of these systems presents new issues and challenges. Weapon systems may include proprietary data and unique software that could limit sustainment to a single en-tity and may result in cost increases and in-creased risk to operations and readiness. 
The conferees recommend the Department 
examine private sector and government best practices to inform its software sustainment strategy. Additionally, the conferees encour-age the Secretary of Defense to determine if the current definitions and policies regard-ing software sustainment provides adequate guidance for program managers to ensure software system sustainment planning in-clude assessments of both public and private capabilities, costs, and operational risks. 
Sense of Congress regarding technical correction 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1026) that would express the sense of Con-gress that a technical correction to the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3881) should be enacted in order to expeditiously carry out the intent of such section 3095. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Authority to temporarily transfer individuals 
detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States for emergency or critical medical treatment 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1034) that would provide limited authority to the Department of Defense to transfer detainees to the United States for emergency or critical medical treatment. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Prohibition on use of funds to transfer or re-
lease individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to combat zones 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1038) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to the Department of Defense to transfer individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to combat zones, as defined by IRS code, for a period of two years. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Submission to Congress of certain documents re-
lating to transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar 
The House bill contained a provision (sec 
1040) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to provide appropriate congressional committees copies of correspondence within the executive branch concerning the decision to transfer individuals detained at Guanta-namo to Qatar. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the House Com-
mittee on Armed Services and the Depart-ment of Defense have reached an agreement regarding documents related to the transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
Submission of unredacted copies of documents 
relating to the transfer of certain individ-uals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1041) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to provide unredacted copies of mate-rials concerning the decision to transfer in-dividuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar amendment. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the House Com-
mittee on Armed Services and the Depart-ment of Defense have reached an agreement regarding documents relating to the transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
Treatment of certain previously transferred 
Army National Guard helicopters as count-ing against number transferable under ex-ception to limitation on transfer of Army National Guard helicopters 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1045) that would require the Sec-retary of the Army to report to Congress the number of Army National Guard AH–64 heli-copters that have been transferred to the original equipment manufacturer for re-manufacture. The provision would also treat that number as counting against the number required to be transferred from the Army National Guard to the regular Army pursu-
ant to section 1712 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Sense of Congress on consideration of the full 
range of Department of Defense manpower worldwide in decisions on the proper mix of military, civilian, and contractor personnel to accomplish the National Defense Strategy 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1047) that expressed the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should consider the full range of Department of Defense manpower available worldwide in making decisions on the proper mix of mili-tary, civilian, and contractor personnel to accomplish the National Defense Strategy. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Space available travel for environmental morale 
leave by certain spouses and children of de-ployed members of the Armed Forces 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1054) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to authorize space-available travel for environmental morale leave by certain unac-companied spouses and dependent children of deployed members of the Armed Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that that effective June 
9, 2015 the Department of Defense (DOD) pol-icy on space-available travel for dependents of deployed members was updated to author-ize dependents of military members deployed for thirty or more consecutive days to travel space-available on DOD aircraft. 
Limitation on availability of funds for modi-
fying command and control of United States Pacific Fleet 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1058) that would limit the availability of fis-cal year 2016 funds to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of Navy forces assigned to the Pa-cific Fleet. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Prohibition on closure of United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1059) that prohibited the President from clos-ing or abandoning the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and re-quired that the obligations of the United States under Article III of the Treaty Be-tween the United States and Cuba signed on May 29, 1934 are met. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Civilian Aviation Asset Military Partnership 
Pilot Program 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1060a) that would establish a pilot program that would grant authority to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Federal Aviation Administration. The aim of the Ci-vilian Aviation Asset Military Partnership Pilot Program would be to award competi-tive grants of no more than $2.5 million for infrastructure or tower improvements and repairs at up to three eligible airports that support military and civilian operations per fiscal year. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00276 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.091 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6585 September 29, 2015 
Limitation on use of funds to deactivate the 
440th Airlift Wing 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1060c) that would limit the availability of funds authorized to be appropriated for the deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing until the Secretary of Defense certified the deacti-vation of the wing would not affect the mili-tary readiness of the airborne and special op-erations units stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 136). 
The House recedes. The conferees agree to include the Senate 
provision elsewhere in this Act because it would require sufficient certification by the Secretaries and Chiefs of Staff of the Army and the Air Force as to the military readi-ness of Army airborne and special operations units regarding support from Air Force air-lift operations. 
Study and report on role of Department of De-
fense in formulation of long-term strategy 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1065) that requires the Secretary of Defense to direct the Office of Net Assessment (ONA) to conduct a study on the role of the Depart-ment of Defense in the formulation of long- term strategy, and to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the re-sults of the study not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note their continued support 
for the work of the Office of Net Assessment and applaud senior Department leadership for their engagement with ONA. 
Report on plans for the use of domestic airfields 
for homeland defense and disaster response 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1065) that would require, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transpor-tation, to submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth an as-sessment of the plans for airfields in the United States that are required to support homeland defense and local disaster response missions. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transportation, to submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Home-land Security and Government Affairs, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that con-tains an assessment of the plans for airfields in the United States that are required to support homeland defense and disaster re-sponse missions. The report shall include: 
(1) A description of the criteria used to de-
termine the capabilities and locations of air-fields in the United States needed to support safe operations of military aircraft in the execution of homeland defense and local dis-aster response missions; 
(2) A description of the processes and pro-
cedures in place to ensure that contingency plans for the use of airfields in the United States that support both military and civil-ian air operations are coordinated among the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies with jurisdiction over those air-fields; (3) An assessment of the impact, if any, to 
logistics and resource planning as a result of the reduction of certain capabilities of air-fields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations; and 
(4) A review of the existing agreements and 
authorities between the Commander of the United States Northern Command and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration that allow for consultation on decisions that impact the capabilities of air-fields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
The report shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
Report on potential threats to members of the 
Armed Forces of United States Naval Forces Central Command and United States Fifth Fleet in Bahrain 
The House bill contained a provision (Sec. 
1066) that would require a report on potential threats to members of the Armed Forces of the United States Naval Forces Central Com-mand and the United States Fifth Fleet in Bahrain. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to provide a report to the Armed Serv-ices Committees of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate, not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on threats posed to Department of Defense per-sonnel and operations associated with United States military installations in Bahrain. The report should, at a minimum, include an as-sessment of the current security situation in Bahrain, the safety and security of Depart-ment of Defense personnel and dependents, and appropriate measures to mitigate the threat to U.S. operations and personnel in-cluding potential alternative facilities should U.S. personnel require temporary re-location. 
Conflict of interest certification for investiga-
tions relating to whistleblower retaliation 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1088) that would require each inves-tigator involved in a covered investigation to submit to the Inspector General of the De-partment of Defense or the Inspector General of the military department, as applicable, a certification that there was no conflict of in-terest between the investigator, any witness involved in the covered investigation, and the covered employee or member of the Armed Forces, as applicable, during the con-duct of the covered investigation. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees expect that the Department 
of Defense and the military services will es-tablish uniform procedures to ensure there are no conflicts of interest for persons inves-tigating whistleblower complaints. 
Determination and disclosure of transportation 
costs incurred by Secretary of Defense for congressional trips outside the United States 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1091) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to determine the cost of transportation provided in the case of a trip taken by a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate or the House of Representatives in carrying out official duties outside the United States and to report that cost not later than 10 days after completion of the trip to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate or the House of Representatives, and to make the information available on the Secretary’s of-ficial public website until the expiration of the 4 year period which begins on the final day of the trip involved. The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees support public disclosure of 
official travel by Members, officers, and em-ployees of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives. To this end, the conferees note that section 1754(b) of title 22, United States Code, contains reporting and disclosure re-quirements for congressional travel outside the United States, including a requirement for reports to be open to public inspection and published in the Congressional Record. The conferees recognize that there are cir-cumstances under which transportation pro-vided by the Department of Defense best meets the needs of congressional delega-tions, ranging from protecting the safety and security of the delegations, expediency, and accessing destinations that have little or no commercial air service. The conferees fur-ther note that the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives each maintain policies and processes to provide further oversight of travel requests by members and employees of the committees. 
Observance of Veterans Day 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1095) that would amend chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, to add a new section that would require the President to issue a proclamation each year calling on the people of the United States to observe 2 minutes of silence on Veterans Day in honor of the serv-ice and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Nation. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Business case analysis of decision to maintain 
C–130J aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1096) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to conduct, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a business case analysis of the decision to maintain 10 C–130J aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees recognize that the report 
provided to the committees by the Secretary of the Air Force in April 2015 in response to as required by section 138 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), included information on the business case for maintaining 10 C– 130J aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base, Mis-sissippi. 
Sense of Congress regarding cyber resiliency of 
National Guard networks and communica-tions systems 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1097) that would express a sense of Congress that the National Guard personnel need to have situational awareness and reliable com-munications in the event of an emergency, terrorist attack, or natural or man-made dis-aster, and that the current communications and networking systems for the National Guard, including commercial wireless solu-tions, are interoperable with the systems of civilian first responders. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the importance of Na-
tional Guard personnel having robust situa-tional awareness and reliable communica-tions in the event of a natural or man-made disaster that are interoperable with the sys-tems of civilian first responders. In disaster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00277 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.092 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6586 September 29, 2015 
situations, the National Guard serves as a 
critical bridge linking military and civilian response capabilities, and thus has the re-quirement to maintain a broad range of com-munications equipment. The conferees en-courage the National Guard to constantly explore ways to improve and expand its com-munications and networking capabilities to provide for enhanced performance and resil-ience in the face of cyber attacks or disrup-tions, as well as other instances of degrada-tion. 
T
ITLE XI—C IVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS  
LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Procedures for reduction in force of Department 
of Defense civilian personnel (sec. 1101) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
906) that would express the sense of the Con-gress that the Secretary of Defense should proceed with the collaborative work with employee representatives on the ‘‘New Be-ginnings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system and begin imple-mentation of the new system at the earliest possible date. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1103) that would provide the Sec-retary of Defense with the authority to es-tablish procedures to provide that, in imple-menting any reduction in force for civilian positions in the Department of Defense in the competitive service or the excepted serv-ice, the determination of which employees shall be separated from employment in the Department of Defense shall be made pri-marily on the basis of performance. 
The agreement includes the Senate provi-
sion with an amendment that would express the sense of the Congress contained in the House provision. 
One-year extension of temporary authority to 
grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a com-bat zone (sec. 1102) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1101) that would extend by 1 year the discre-tionary authority of the head of a federal agency to provide allowances, benefits, and gratuities comparable to those provided to members of the Foreign Service to an agen-cy’s civilian employees on official duty in a combat zone. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1107). 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of rate of overtime pay for Depart-
ment of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier forward de-ployed in Japan (sec. 1103) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1103) that would amend section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States Code, to extend for 1 year the authority for a civilian employee of the Department of the Navy who is as-signed to temporary duty to perform work aboard, or dockside in direct support of, the nuclear aircraft carrier that is forward de-ployed in Japan to receive overtime pay. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 1108). 
The agreement includes this provision. 
Modification to temporary authorities for cer-
tain positions at Department of Defense re-search and engineering facilities (sec. 1104) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1104) that would modify section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) to allow for the noncompetitive conversion of students that have graduated from an applicable in-stitution of higher learning to a permanent appointee. In addition, the House provision would change the percentages of the work force that would be eligible for certain direct hiring authorities. The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1109) that would change the percentage of the work force that would be eligible for bachelor’s degree holder direct hiring authority. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Required probationary period for new employees 
of the Department of Defense (sec. 1105) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1101) that would set the required probationary period for new employees of the Department of Defense at 2 years. The provi-sion would also give discretionary authority to the service secretary concerned to extend a probationary period of a new employee of the Department of Defense. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The agreement contains the Senate provi-
sion with a technical amendment. 
In extending the probationary period for 
new employees of the Department of Defense (DOD), the conferees expect the Secretary of Defense to ensure that supervisors optimize the additional probationary time by edu-cating supervisors on the importance of tracking when an individual’s probationary period is ending and directing the supervisor to make an affirmative decision or otherwise take appropriate action. The Secretary should take steps to ensure DOD supervisors are aware of the range of tools and guidance available through the Office of Personnel Management, including on-line and in-person training and guidebooks. The conferees note that the probationary period extension will be beneficial only if an agency has effective performance management practices in place and uses the extra time for the purpose in-tended. The conferees expect the Secretary of Defense to assess the adequacy of leader-ship training provided to supervisors in DOD components and Defense agencies in order to ensure supervisors obtain the skills needed to effectively conduct performance manage-ment responsibilities. 
Delay of periodic step increase for civilian em-
ployees of the Department of Defense based upon unacceptable performance (sec. 1106) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1102) that would provide the Sec-retary of Defense with the authority to re-quire satisfactory performance by civilian employees in order to qualify for periodic step increases based on that service. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
United States Cyber Command workforce (sec. 
1107) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1104) that would provide enhanced hiring and retention authorities to the Sec-retary of Defense for civilians on the staff of the United States Cyber Command (CYBERCOM) and the elements of the CYBERCOM components of the Armed Forces. These enhanced authorities are mod-eled after the personnel authorities in title 10 provided for the staff of the intelligence components of the Department of Defense. These authorities are also similar to those that Congress provided in 2014 for the cyber workforce at the Department of Homeland Security. The provision also would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a plan to Congress on implementation of these au-thorities. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with technical and 
clarifying amendments, including an amend-ment that would delay the effective date of the authority granted under this section until 30 days after receipt of an implementa-tion plan submitted by the Secretary of De-
fense to the congressional defense commit-tees. 
One-year extension of authority to waive an-
nual limitation on premium pay and aggre-gate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas (sec. 1108) 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
1105) that would authorize the head of an ex-ecutive agency to waive limitation on the aggregate of basic and premium pay payable through calendar year 2016 to an employee who performs work in an overseas location that is in the area of responsibility of the Commander, U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM), or a location that was formerly in the CENTCOM but has been moved to an area of responsibility of the Commander, U.S. Africa Command, in support of a contin-gency operation or an operation in response to a declared emergency. The amount pay-able may not exceed the total annual com-pensation payable to the Vice President under section 104 of title 3, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Pilot program on dynamic shaping of the work-
force to improve the technical skills and ex-pertise at certain Department of Defense laboratories (sec. 1109) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1111) that would authorize Depart-ment of Defense laboratories to conduct a pilot program to use specific new authorities to improve the dynamic shaping of their technical workforces, including the ability to hire technical experts into flexible length and renewable term appointments, exercise flexibility in applying existing authorities for accessing the expertise of recently re-tired technical personnel and offer voluntary early retirement and voluntary separation incentives. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The conference agreement contains the 
Senate provision with the inclusion of a few technical clarifying amendments. 
The conferees believe that the ability of 
the Department of Defense laboratories to be flexible in both hiring and shaping their workforce is critical to maintaining a world- class research workforce that can adapt over time to new and emerging areas of technical need. The Senate and House Armed Services Committees, in coordination with the Over-sight and Government Reform Committee of the House of Representatives and the Home-land Security and Government Affairs Com-mittee of the Senate, have been active in modifying and seeking new authorities to make the Defense laboratories agile and at-tractive places for civilian researchers and engineers. 
The conferees believe that taking stock of 
the authorities granted over the past 10 years and understanding their effects on at-tracting, recruiting and retaining a skilled workforce are important. Therefore, the con-ferees direct the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, in co-ordination with the military departments and laboratory directors, to brief the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee of the House of Representatives and the Homeland Secu-rity and Government Affairs Committee of the Senate no later than 90 days of the en-actment of this Act. This briefing should in-clude how the military departments, the lab-oratories, and the Office of the Secretary of Defense are using these authorities, metrics for understanding the effectiveness of these authorities, and any recommendations for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00278 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.093 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6587 September 29, 2015 
legislative or regulatory action to improve 
the functioning of these authorities. 
Pilot program on temporary exchange of finan-
cial management and acquisition personnel (sec. 1110) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1112) that would authorize a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of the temporary assignment of fi-nancial management and acquisition per-sonnel to nontraditional defense contractors as defined by section 2303(9) of title 10, United States Code, and of covered employ-ees of such contractors to the Department of Defense. Nontraditional defense contractors are commercial companies who either do not do business with the Department of Defense or do so exclusively through commercial terms and conditions. This authority would expire on September 30, 2019. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would make the authority permissive rather than mandatory and would modify the terms and conditions of participation in the pilot program by the private-sector em-ployees. 
The conferees believe that any exchange of 
government personnel with industry de-signed to improve skills and knowledge of fi-nance and acquisition should be with those types of firms that do not traditionally do business with the Department of Defense and as such may offer different business manage-ment approaches to address similar prob-lems. These firms also do not pose the same potential conflict of interest concerns that any exchange with a traditional defense con-tractor would pose. 
Pilot program on enhanced pay authority for 
certain acquisition and technology positions in the Department of Defense (sec. 1111) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1113) that would authorize a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of using a higher-level pay authority to attract and retain high-quality acquisi-tion and technology experts in positions re-sponsible for management and developing complex, high-cost, technological acquisi-tion efforts of the Department of Defense. The conferees are concerned that in some cases the Department of Defense cannot competitively compensate the senior-level government program managers and engi-neers required for the government to oversee major defense acquisition programs. This provision would allow, in select cases, for the Department of Defense to pay a higher rate of compensation to recruit and retain senior acquisition officials who are exceptionally well qualified. These officials would be lim-ited to a 5-year term. This authority would expire on October 1, 2020. 
The House bill contained no similar 
amendment. 
The House recedes. 
Pilot program on direct hire authority for vet-
eran technical experts into the defense ac-quisition workforce (sec. 1112) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1114) that would authorize a 5-year pilot program for the service acquisition ex-ecutives of each military department to di-rectly appoint qualified veteran candidates for scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics positions in the defense acqui-sition activities. This direct hire authority would be limited to no more than 1 percent of the total number of positions in the acqui-sition workforce in each military depart-ment that are filled as of the close of the previous fiscal year. 
The House bill contained no similar 
amendment. The House recedes. 
The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to provide a report to the congressional defense committees on the use of this au-thority no later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Act. 
Direct hire authority for technical experts into 
the defense acquisition workforce (sec. 1113) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1115) that would authorize the serv-ice secretaries of each military department to directly appoint qualified candidates pos-sessing a scientific or engineering degree to positions in the defense acquisition activi-ties. This direct hire authority would be lim-ited to no more than 5 percent of the total number of scientific and engineering posi-tions in the acquisition workforce in each military department that are filled as of the close of the previous fiscal year. This author-ity would expire December 31, 2020. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Authority to provide additional allowances and 
benefits for Defense Clandestine Service em-ployees 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1102) that would grant the Secretary of De-fense the authority to provide additional al-lowances and benefits for Defense Clandes-tine Service employees. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Preference eligibility for members of reserve com-
ponents of the Armed Forces appointed to competitive service; clarification of appeal rights 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1105) that would create a hiring preference for certain members of the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces for the competi-tive service and would clarify the appeals rights of individuals hired under section 3330a of title 5, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
T
ITLE XII—M ATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN  
NATIONS  
Subtitle A—Training and Assistance 
One-year extension of logistical support for coa-
lition forces supporting certain United States military operations (sec. 1201) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1201) that would amend section 1234 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181), as most recently amended by section 1223 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), by author-izing the Secretary of Defense to provide supplies, services, transportation, and other logistical support to coalition forces sup-porting U.S. operations in Iraq and Afghani-stan during fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Strategic framework for Department of Defense 
security cooperation (sec. 1202) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1202) that would require the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to develop a strategic framework for Department of Defense security cooperation to guide prioritization of resources and ac-tivities. This section would also require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit a report on the strategic framework for security co-operation to the congressional defense com-mittees, the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provisions. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would make clarifying changes and re-quire the Secretary of Defense to submit the required report not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act. 
Redesignation, modification, and extension of 
National Guard State Partnership Program (sec. 1203) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1203) that would amend section 1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) by modi-fying and extending the authorization for the National Guard State Partnership Pro-gram (SPP) by 2 years, would require the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to estab-lish and submit a list of core competencies to support SPP activities to the Secretary of Defense for approval, and would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a fund to administer and execute the funds authorized and appropriated for SPP. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1204) that would amend section 1205 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 114–66) to provide for the extension of the De-partment of Defense (DOD) State Partner-ship Program and direct the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and Under Sec-retary of Defense (Policy) to conduct an ad-visability and feasibility study as to whether a central fund should be created to support the activities associated with the State Partnership Program. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would make clarifying changes, would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a legislative proposal if it is found to be advis-able and feasible to establish a central fund for the program, and would extend the un-derlying authority for the program for 5 years. 
The conferees encourage DOD to consider 
if it would be useful to establish a list of core competencies of the National Guard to be used to better educate security assistance of-ficers and countries participating in the State Partnership Program about the capa-bilities that can be brought to bear by the Guard. The Secretary should inform the Armed Services Committees of the House of Representative and the Senate if such a step is considered to be useful. 
Extension of authority for non-reciprocal ex-
changes of defense personnel between the United States and foreign countries (sec. 1204) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1204) that would amend section 1207(f) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) by extend-ing the authorization for non-reciprocal ex-changes of defense personnel between the United States and foreign countries through December 31, 2017. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would extend the authority through De-cember 31, 2021. 
Monitoring and evaluation of overseas humani-
tarian, disaster, and civic aid programs of the Department of Defense (sec. 1205) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1205) that would allow up to 5 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this act for sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00279 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.095 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6588 September 29, 2015 
used to conduct monitoring and evaluation 
of these programs. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
The conferees further note that the brief-
ing shall include a description of how the De-partment of Defense evaluates program and project outcomes and impact, including cost effectiveness and extent to which programs meet designated goals. 
One-year extension of funding limitations for 
authority to build the capacity of foreign se-curity forces (sec. 1206) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1201) that would extend for 1 year the funding limitations for the Department of Defense to build the capacity of foreign se-curity forces under section 2282, title 10, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sions. 
The House recedes. 
Authority to provide support to national mili-
tary forces of allied countries for counterter-rorism operations in Africa (sec. 1207) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1205) that would authorize through September 30, 2018, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide, on a non-reimbursable basis, lo-gistic support, supplies, and services to the national military forces of an allied country conducting counterterrorism operations in Africa if the Secretary of Defense determines that the provision of such support is (1) in the national security interests of the United States; and (2) critical to the timely and ef-fective participation of such national mili-tary forces in such operations. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that, in this section, 
the term ‘allied country’ has the meaning given to that term in section 2350c of title 10, United States Code. 
Reports on training of foreign military intel-
ligence units provided by the Department of Defense (sec. 1208) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1206) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense to provide intelligence training to foreign military intelligence units to increase partner capacity. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence to provide semi-an-nual reports to the congressional defense committees on the military intelligence training performed by Department of De-fense of foreign military intelligence per-sonnel and the authorities under which such activities are conducted. 
The conferees believe that the current ma-
trix of capacity building authorities may not sufficiently cover sustained intelligence training for foreign military forces for pur-poses other than counterterrorism oper-ations and stability operations with whom the United States partners or may need to partner in the future. Based on the reports and any potential gaps in authorities, the conferees will evaluate whether further au-thorities should be included in the 2017 au-thorizing legislation. 
Prohibition on assistance to entities in Yemen 
controlled by the Houthi movement (sec. 1209) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1207) that would prohibit assist-ance to an entity in Yemen controlled by members of the Houthi movement unless the Secretary of Defense determines the provi-
sion of such assistance is important to the national security interests of the United States. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The House recedes with an amendment re-
quiring the Secretary of Defense to submit a notification to certain congressional com-mittees should the national security excep-tion be exercised. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
Extension and modification of Commanders’ 
Emergency Response Program (sec. 1211) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1211) that would amend section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81), as most re-cently amended by section 1221 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), by extending for 1 year the Commanders’ Emergency Re-sponse Program (CERP) in Afghanistan and authorizing $5.0 million for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1222) that would make up to $10.0 million available during fiscal year 2016 for CERP in Afghanistan, and would au-thorize certain payments to redress injury and loss in Iraq. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would limit amounts available during Fiscal Year 2016 to not exceed $5.0 million, require the Secretary of Defense to submit revised guidance to take into account the modifications to CERP made by this provi-sion and would allow the Secretary to begin payments to redress injury and loss in Iraq 30 days after the submission of a report re-lated to the conditions for which payment would be made and the manner in which claims for payments shall be verified. 
Extension and modification of authority for re-
imbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations (sec. 1212) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1212) that would extend the authority for re-imbursement of coalition nations for support provided to the U.S. for military operations in Afghanistan through fiscal year 2016 and would authorize $1.3 billion. Of the $1.0 bil-lion in reimbursement authorized for Paki-stan during fiscal year 2016, $400.0 million would not be eligible for a waiver unless the Secretary of Defense certifies that Pakistan is conducting military operations against the Haqqani Network and is actively coordi-nating with the Government of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1224) that would extend the authority to make Coalition Support Fund (CSF) payments to reimburse certain nations for support provided to U.S. military operations in Afghanistan and would author-ize to $1.2 billion, of which $900.0 million would be provided to Pakistan. Of the $900.0 million, $100.0 million would be authorized for a pilot program. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize $1.3 billion and would limit the authorization for reimbursement to Pakistan to $900.0 million. Of the $900.0 mil-lion, $350.0 million would not be eligible for a waiver unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies that Pakistan has met certain condi-tions. An additional $100.0 million of CSF would be made available for Pakistan for di-rect assistance for a pilot program for sta-bility activities undertaken in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, including the provision of funds to the Pakistan military and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The conferees encourage the continuation 
of military operations undertaken by the Pakistan Military in the Federally Adminis-tered Tribal Area but note the need for fur-ther action against terrorist organizations such as the Haqqani Network. 
Additional matter in semiannual report on en-
hancing security and stability in Afghani-stan (sec. 1213) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1213) that would state the sense of Congress that the President’s decision to maintain 9,800 U.S. troops through 2015 is appropriate, that the President should withdraw U.S. troops only on a pace that is consistent with the ability of the Afghan National Security Forces to sustain itself and secure Afghani-stan, and that the U.S. President should re-view maintaining the U.S. advisory mission beyond 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1221) that would require a certification by the President to the congres-sional defense committees that the reduc-tion of U.S. forces in Afghanistan will result in an acceptable level of risk to U.S. na-tional security objectives. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that adds an assessment of risks associated with the drawdown of U.S. forces to the semiannual report required by section 1225 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
Extension of authority to acquire products and 
services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan (sec. 1214) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1214) that would extend section 801 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84), as most re-cently amended by section 832 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), through De-cember 31, 2016, for limiting competition for products or services that are from one or more countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan or providing a preference for such a product or service, under certain cir-cumstances. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 827) that would extend by 1 year the authority in section 801(f) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84). 
The House recedes. 
Extension of authority to transfer defense arti-
cles and provide defense services to the mili-tary and security forces of Afghanistan (sec. 1215) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1215) that would extend section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239), as amend-ed by section 1231 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291), for 1 year and would extend the quarterly reporting requirement through March 31, 2017. This section would authorize that, during fiscal years 2015–16, the excess defense articles transferred from the stocks of the Department of Defense to the military and security forces of Afghanistan will not be subject to the authorities and limitations in section 561 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (Public Law 87–195). 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1223). 
The Senate recedes. 
Modification of protection for Afghan allies 
(sec. 1216) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1216) that would express the sense of Con-gress that it is in the interest of the United States to continue to assist Afghan partners, and their immediate families, who have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00280 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.096 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6589 September 29, 2015 
served as translators or interpreters and 
those who have performed sensitive and trusted activities for U.S. Armed Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1227) that would modify the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa program to require not less than 2 years of service if submitting a petition after September 30, 2015, would ex-press the sense of Congress that the neces-sity of providing special immigrant status should be assessed at regular intervals by the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives taking into account the scope of the current and planned presence of U.S. troops in Af-ghanistan, and would make technical amend-ments. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and 
Iraq 
Extension of authority to support operations 
and activities of the Office of Security Co-operation in Iraq (sec. 1221) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1221) that would extend the authority for the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq (OSC– I) for 1 year. This authority would allow the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to authorize OSC– I to conduct training activities in support of the Iraqi Ministry of Defense and Counter Terrorism Service personnel at a base or fa-cility of the Government of Iraq. This sec-tion would limit the total authorized funding for operations and activities for OSC–I to $143.0 million in fiscal year 2016 and would require the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State to submit a report assessing how OSC–I integrates into Operation Inher-ent Resolve in Iraq. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1228) that would authorize the use of up to $80.0 million in fiscal year 2016 to support OSC–I operations and activi-ties. 
The House recedes. 
Strategy for the Middle East and to counter vio-
lent extremism (sec. 1222) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1222) that would express a sense of Congress on U.S. strategy in the Middle East and would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a comprehensive strategy for the Middle East. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State, not later than February 15, 2016, to jointly submit to cer-tain congressional committees a strategy for the Middle East and to counter violent extre-mism. 
Modification of authority to provide assistance 
to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (sec. 1223) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1223) that would authorize $715.0 million in fiscal year 2016 for assistance to the military and security forces associated with the Gov-ernment of Iraq, of which not less than 25 percent of such funds would be obligated to such groups as Kurdish and tribal security forces with a national security mission. This section would require an assessment by the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State of the conditions of the Government of Iraq relating to political inclusiveness, minority integration, and efforts to address grievances of ethnic and sectarian minorities. If the as-sessment is not submitted or Iraq has not substantially achieved the conditions con-tained in the assessment, the Secretaries would be required to withhold the provision of assistance pursuant to the ‘‘Iraq Train and 
Equip Authority’’ under section 1236 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) and 60 per-cent of such assistance would go directly to certain groups. 
The Senate amendment contained provi-
sions (sec. 1225, 1229, 1271) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees within 30 days if the Secretary determines that equipment provided by the United States to Iraq has been transferred to or ac-quired by a violent extremist organization and would add an additional element to the quarterly report under the Iraq Train and Equip authority to include a list of units re-stricted from receiving assistance under that authority as a result of vetting. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would express the sense of Congress that: (1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant poses an acute threat to the people and territorial integrity of Iraq (ISIL), (2) defeat-ing ISIL is critical to maintaining a unified Iraq, and (3) the United States in coordina-tion with coalition partners should provide security assistance in an expeditious and re-sponsive manner to the national security forces associated with the Government of Iraq including Kurdish and tribal security forces or other security forces with a na-tional security mission. The amendment would also require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to jointly submit an assessment, to certain congressional com-mittees on the extent to which the Govern-ment of Iraq is increasing political inclusive-ness, addressing grievances of ethnic and sec-tarian minorities, and enhancing minority integration in the political and military structures in Iraq. Taking into account such an assessment, in the event the President de-termines that the Government of Iraq has failed to take substantial action to: (1) in-crease political inclusiveness, (2) address the grievances of ethnic and sectarian minori-ties, and (3) enhance minority integration in the political and military structures in Iraq; the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, would be au-thorized to provide, in coordination to the extent practicable with the Government of Iraq, assistance pursuant to the Iraq Train and Equip authority directly to the Kurdish Peshmerga, Sunni tribal security forces, or other local security forces with a national security mission for the purpose of sup-porting international coalition efforts against ISIL. The conferees note that local security forces with a national security mis-sion may include, in addition to Sunni tribal elements, local security forces that are com-mitted to protecting highly vulnerable eth-nic and religious minority communities, such as Yazidi, Christian, Assyrian and Turkoman communities, against the ISIL threat. Additionally, this section would pro-hibit assistance pursuant to the Iraq Train and Equip authority from being provided to the Government of Iraq unless the Secretary of Defense certifies that the Government of Iraq has taken actions as may be reasonably necessary to safeguard against such assist-ance being transferred to, or acquired by vio-lent extremist organizations, including des-ignated Foreign Terrorist Organizations (FTOs) or an organization that is known to be under the command and control of, or is associated with the Government of Iran. 
Reports on United States Armed Forces deployed 
in support of Operation Inherent Resolve (sec. 1224) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1224) that would express the sense of the Con-gress that Operation Inherent Resolve and the force protection and combat search and rescue requirements be continuously evalu-
ated, and would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the U.S. Armed Forces deployed in support of OIR. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require a report to the congres-sional defense committees, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter, on United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
Matters relating to support for the vetted Syrian 
opposition (sec. 1225) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1225) that would require a strategy and au-thorize $600.0 million for the overall Syria Train and Equip program, which includes $531.5 million for the Syria Train and Equip Fund, $25.8 million for costs that would be incurred by the Army for such program, and $42.8 million for costs that would be incurred by the Air Force for such program. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1208) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit a report on the military support the Secretary considers necessary to provide to recipients of assist-ance upon their return to Syria. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would: (1) require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report on what support is determined to be necessary to provide recipi-ents of assistance upon their return to Syria; (2) modify quarterly reporting matters; and (3) require certain information to accompany reprogramming requests. 
Support to the Government of Jordan and the 
Government of Lebanon for border security operations (sec. 1226) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1226) that would authorize $300.0 million in assistance on a reimbursement basis to en-hance and support the efforts of Jordan’s Armed Forces to sustain security along its border with Syria and Iraq. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1202) that would authorize assistance to Jordan and Lebanon in any fis-cal year through fiscal year 2020 for the pur-poses of sustaining security along their bor-ders with Syria and/or Iraq. Regarding as-sistance to the Government of Lebanon, the provision would prohibit reimbursement of Hezbollah or any forces other than the armed forces of Lebanon. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would make available to Jordan and Lebanon funds not to exceed $150.0 million for each country in any 1 fiscal year for re-imbursement from amounts authorized pur-suant to section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2008 (P.L. 110–181) and section 1534 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015 (P.L. 113–291), the Counterterrorism Partner-ship Fund, and would make other clarifying modifications. 
Sense of Congress on the security and protection 
of Iranian dissidents living in Camp Lib-erty, Iraq (sec. 1227) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1230) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the security and dis-position of Camp Liberty residents while en-couraging cooperation with the United Na-tions High Commissioner for Refugees in ex-pediting the resettlement of Camp Liberty resident to safe locations outside Iraq. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00281 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.097 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6590 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Iran 
Modification and extension of annual report on 
the military power of Iran (sec. 1231) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1231) that would extend the annual report on the military power of Iran to December 31, 2025, and add a reporting requirement that provides an assessment of transfers of mili-tary equipment, technology, and training to Iran from non-Iranian sources. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1241). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would create an additional element of the underlying report to require information on Iran’s cyber capabilities. 
Sense of Congress on the Government of Iran’s 
malign activities (sec. 1232) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1232) that would express the sense of the Con-gress that Iran’s illicit pursuit, development, or acquisition of a nuclear weapons capa-bility and its malign military activities con-stitute a grave threat to regional stability and the national security interests of the U.S. and its allies. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would expresses the sense of Congress that Iran continues to conduct malign ac-tivities and sponsorship of terrorism, and that the United States should continue to enhance the region’s security architecture, build partner capacity to respond to external aggression, and increase interoperability with regional security forces. 
Report on military-to-military engagements with 
Iran (sec. 1233) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1234) that would restrict the Secretary of De-fense from authorizing any military-to-mili-tary exchange or contact by the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilians with Iran with certain exceptions. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to certain congressional committees on military-to-military engage-ments with Iran. 
Security guarantees to countries in the Middle 
East (sec. 1234) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1235) that would require the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide the appropriate congres-sional committees a copy of any security agreement by the U.S. to any country in the Middle East associated with Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to submit a report to certain congressional committees that sum-marizes any agreement on security commit-ments by the United States to any country in the Middle East in effect as of 15 days prior to the submittal of the report. Addi-tionally, this section would require the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to pro-vide the Secretary of Defense with an anal-ysis of the United States military force structure and posture required to meet any current agreement that provides security commitments in the Middle East. 
Rule of construction (sec. 1235) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1236) that states that nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the use of force against Iran. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
Notifications relating to testing, production, de-
ployment, and sale or transfer to other states or non-state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federa-tion (sec. 1241) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1241) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress quarterly notifications and updates relating to testing, production, de-ployment, sale or transfer to other states or non-state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. This pro-vision would also require the Secretary of Defense to notify the congressional defense committees no later than 7 days after the Secretary determines that there is reason-able belief that Russia has deployed, sold, or transferred the Club-K cruise missile system to other states or non-state actors. Addition-ally, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is required to develop a strategy to de-tect, defend against and defeat the Club-K cruise missile system, and will submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the strategy no later than September 30, 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment re-
quiring the Secretary of Defense to notify the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 7 days after the Secretary deter-mines there is reasonable grounds to believe the Russian Federation has tested, initially deployed, or sold or transferred to another state or non-state actor the Club-K cruise missile system. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall include options for re-sponding to the Club-K cruise missile threat in current military planning. The reporting requirement contained in the House provi-sion is carried in another section of the Act. 
Notifications of deployment of nuclear weapons 
by Russian Federation to territory of Ukrainian Republic or Russian territory of Kaliningrad (sec. 1242) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1242) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees quarterly notifications on the status of the Russian Federation con-ducting exercises with, planning or preparing to deploy, or deploying certain weapons sys-tems, onto the territory of the Ukrainian Republic. This provision would also require prompt notification, no more than seven days, after the Secretary of Defense deter-mines that there exists reasonable grounds to believe that Russia has deployed certain weapon systems onto the territory of Ukraine. Further, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, no later than June 30, 2016, a strategy to respond to the military threat posed by the Russian Federa-tion deploying covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukraine Republic. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would expand the notification to in-clude the deployment of covered weapon sys-tems into the Russian territory of Kaliningrad, and would require the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to include in current planning options for responding to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation deploying covered weapons into the territory of Ukraine and Kaliningrad, in-cluding opportunities for allied cooperation. The agreement also addresses the require-ment to report on the status of exercises with, planning or preparing to deploy, or de-ploying certain weapons systems, onto the 
territory of the Ukrainian Republic in an-other section of this Act, and includes re-porting on deployment of such weapons sys-tems in the Russian territory of Kaliningrad in that section. The provision would termi-nate after 5 years. 
Measures in response to non-compliance by the 
Russian Federation with its obligations under the INF Treaty (sec. 1243) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1243) that would require the President to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of whether the 
Russian Federation has flight-tested, de-ployed, or possessed a military system that has achieved an initial operation capability of a covered missile system, and whether the Russian Federation has begun steps to re-turn to full compliance with the Inter-mediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, including by agreeing to inspections and verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any covered missile system will be eliminated, as required by the INF Treaty upon its entry into force. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1671) that would require the President to notify the appropriate con-gressional committees with respect to whether the Russian Federation has flight- tested, deployed, or possessed a military sys-tem that has achieved an initial operating capability that is in violation of the INF Treaty or has begun taking measures to re-turn to full compliance with the INF Treaty. The provision would also require the Sec-retary of Defense to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of updates provided to the North At-lantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and other allies of the United States on the Rus-sian Federation’s flight testing, operational capability, and deployment of ground- launched ballistic missiles in violation of the INF Treaty. If the Russian Federation fails compliance measures by the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense will also submit to Congress, a plan outlining the development of military capa-bilities, including counterforce capabilities, countervailing strike capabilities, and active defense to defend against intermediate-range ground-launched cruise missile attacks. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Modification of notification and assessment of 
proposal to modify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Russian Federa-tion under the open skies treaty (sec. 1244) 
The House bill contained two provisions 
(sec. 1244 and 1265) that would amend section 1242 (b)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3564) to extend reporting re-quirements from 30 days to 90 days and ex-tend oversight to include the commander of each relevant combatant command as well as the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Additionally, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State this provision limits obligated funds to less than 50 percent until a report on any meetings of the Open Skies Consultative Commission during the prior year is delivered to Congress to the appro-priate committees. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1672) that would modify Section 1242(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by adding a requirement to include an assessment by the commander of each combatant command potentially affected by a proposal of the Russian Federation to mod-ify or introduce a new aircraft or sensor for flight under the Open Skies Treaty, includ-ing an assessment of the potential effects of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00282 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.098 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6591 September 29, 2015 
the proposal on operations and any potential 
vulnerabilities. The provision would also re-quire that not later than 30 days after the date of any meeting of the Open Skies Con-sultative Commission, the Secretary of De-
fense submit to the defense committees of Congress a report on such meeting, including a description of any agreements entered into during such meeting, and whether any such agreement will result in a modification to the aircraft or sensors that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would combine the three similar provi-sions and limit the availability of funds made available for fiscal year 2016 for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F) to not more than 75 percent until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits a report to Congress de-scribing any meetings of the Open Skies Con-sultative Commission during the prior year, a description of any agreements entered into during such meetings, and a description of future year proposals for modification to air-craft sensors that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
Prohibition on availability of funds relating to 
sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea (sec. 1245) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1247) that would prohibit funds authorized to be appropriated or made available by this Act through fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense to implement any action or policy that recognizes the de facto sov-ereignty of Russia over Crimea, or any coun-try whose central government has taken steps to recognize or support Russia’s illegal occupation of Crimea. The provision in-cluded a waiver if the Secretary of Defense certifies and reports that doing so would be in the national security interest of the United States. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical and 
clarifying amendment. 
Limitation on military contact and cooperation 
between the United States and the Russian Federation (sec. 1246) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1248) that would prohibit funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 to be used for bilateral military-to-military contact or cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation without certain certifications by the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, or unless cer-tain waiver conditions are met. 
The Senate bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical and 
clarifying amendment. 
Limitation on funds for implementation on the 
New START Treaty (sec. 1247) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1249) that would limit all authorized funds that would be used for implementation of the New START Treaty until the President cer-tifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that the armed forces of the Russian Federation are no longer illegally occupying Ukrainian territory; the Russian Federation is respecting the sovereignty of all Ukrain-ian territory; the Russian Federation is no longer taking actions that are inconsistent with the INF Treaty; the Russian Federation is in compliance with the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) Treaty and has lifted its suspension of Russian observance of its treaty obligations; and there have been no inconsistencies by the Russian Federation with the New START Treaty requirements. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that changes the limitation to a reporting requirement on the reasons continued imple-mentation of the New START treaty is in the national security interests of the United States, for any year in which the New START Treaty is in effect and the following conditions apply (and steps taken to remedy the conditions), the Russian Federation (i) continues to occupy Ukraine territory, (ii) disrespects the sovereignty of Ukraine terri-tory, (iii) is not in fully compliance with the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty, (iv) is 
not in compliance with the CFE Treaty and has not lifted is suspension of observing the Treaty, and (v) is not reducing it deployed strategic delivery vehicles, which are under the central limits of the New START Treaty. The conferees are concerned about the im-pact of Russia increasing its number of de-ployed strategic delivery vehicles, but notes that this increase is occurring within the le-gally-binding New START Treaty caps. 
Additional matters in annual report on military 
and security developments involving the Russian Federation (sec. 1248) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1255) that would add a reporting re-quirement to section 1245 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) requiring an assessment of the force structure and capabilities of Russian military forces stationed in the Arc-tic region, Kaliningrad, and Crimea, as well as an assessment of the Russian military strategy in the Arctic region. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would create an additional element to require a description of the testing, produc-tion, deployment, and sale or transfer of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
Report on alternative capabilities to procure 
and sustain nonstandard rotary wing air-craft historically procured through Rosoboronexport (sec. 1249) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1256) that would require an inde-pendent assessment on the feasibility and advisability of using alternative industrial base capabilities to procure and sustain non-standard rotary wing aircraft historically acquired through the Russian state corpora-tion Rosoboronexport as well as an analysis of alterations that may be required for waiv-ers of foreign military sales requirements and procedures for approval of airworthiness certificates associated with such alternative capabilities. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The House recedes with technical and 
clarifying amendments. 
The conferees direct the Under Secretary 
of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, not later than 180 days after date of the enactment of this Act and in consulta-tion with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to provide an interim brief to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the ini-tial findings, conclusions, and recommenda-tions of the independent assessment required by this section. 
Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative (sec. 
1250) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1532) that would authorize $200.0 million for the Secretary of Defense, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, to provide as-sistance and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine. This as-sistance would include the explicit authority to provide lethal weapons of a defensive na-ture to the security forces of Ukraine. The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1251) that would authorize $300.0 million for the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide security assistance and intelligence support to military and other security forces of Ukraine. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require $50.0 million of the funds authorized to be available only for lethal as-sistance and counterartillery radars unless the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, certifies that use of such funds for lethal assistance is not in the U.S. national security interest. If the certification is made, such funds could be used for assistance or support to Partnership for Peace (PfP) nations, or for exercises and training for the security forces of PfP na-tions or the Government of Ukraine to assist in preserving their sovereignty and terri-torial integrity against Russian aggression. 
The conferees emphasize the importance of 
providing support to the Government of Ukraine in defending itself against actions by Russia and Russian-backed separatists that continue to violate ceasefire agree-ments. The conferees note the success of cur-rent training of Ukrainian security forces by U.S. forces and encourage expansion of such training efforts as provided for in this sec-tion. The conferees further note the growing threat to the sovereignty and territorial in-tegrity of other nations in the region and stress the importance of assisting such na-tions in developing the capability to defend against Russian aggression. 
Training for Eastern European national mili-
tary forces in the course of multilateral ex-ercises (sec. 1251) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1252) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide multilat-eral or regional training, and pay the incre-mental expenses of participating in such training, for the national military forces of countries in Eastern Europe that are a signa-tory to the Partnership for Peace Frame-work Documents but not a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) or that became a NATO member after Janu-ary 1, 1999. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The House recedes with a technical and 
clarifying amendment that further refines the types of training authorized under this section to training provided in the course of the conduct of a multilateral exercise in which the U.S. Armed Forces are a partici-pant and that is comparable to or com-plimentary of training the U.S. Armed Forces receive in the course of such multi-lateral exercises. Training authorized under this section would be for certain specified purposes, including enhancing the interoper-ability of the trained forces to be able to par-ticipate in NATO or coalition operations, or to increase the capacity of those forces to re-spond to external threats or hybrid warfare. 
Subtitle F—Matters Relating to the Asia- 
Pacific Region 
Strategy to promote United States interests in 
the Indo-Asia-Pacific region (sec. 1261) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1253) that would require the President to de-velop an overall strategy to promote U.S. in-terests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region and to provide policy directives and priority goals to relevant U.S. Government departments and agencies. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1265) that would require the report to be completed within 120 days of enactment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00283 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.099 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6592 September 29, 2015 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would delay the date the strategy is due to March 1, 2017. 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
1262) that would express the sense of the Con-gress to reaffirm the importance of the re-
balance to the Asia-Pacific region. In order to maintain the credibility of the U.S. policy to rebalance towards the Indo-Asia-Pacific theater, the conferees believe it is vital that the United States continue to shift forces to the region to strengthen the ability of the United States Armed Forces to project power to shape the choices of regional states. Any reduction or failure to adequately resource U.S. force structure in the U.S. Pacific Com-mand would diminish the rebalance policy. 
The House bill included a number of provi-
sions that would express the sense of the Congress regarding the various contributions of different allies and partner nations (sec. 1251, sec. 1252, sec. 1254, sec. 1255, and sec. 1272). 
The conferees note the 70th Anniversary of 
the end of Allied military engagement in the Pacific theater, marking the end of the Sec-ond World War and joins with a grateful na-tion in expressing respect and appreciation to the members of the U.S. Armed Forces who served in the Pacific theater during the Second World War. 
Further, the conferees believe any long- 
term strategy for the Indo-Asia-Pacific re-gion must include continued engagement with allies and partners in the region. 
The United States values its alliance with 
the Government of Japan as a cornerstone of peace and security in the region. The United States welcomes Japan’s decision to con-tribute more proactively to regional and global peace and security. Furthermore, the conferees note that the Senkaku Islands are under the administrative control of Japan. The conferees oppose any unilateral actions by a third party that would seek to under-mine such administration, and remain com-mitted under the Treaty of Mutual Coopera-tion and Security to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the adminis-tration of Japan. Finally, the conferees ac-knowledge the significant and unprecedented financial contributions the Government of Japan has made to facilitate U.S. military access in both Japan and Guam. 
The conferees also note that the alliance 
between the United States and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for sta-bility, security, and prosperity on the Ko-rean Peninsula, in the Asia-Pacific region, and around the world. The United States and the Republic of Korea should continue fur-ther cooperation by strengthening the com-bined defense posture on the Korean Penin-sula and enhancing mutual security based on the Republic of Korea-United States Mutual Defense Treaty. The conferees support the vision of a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully reunited on the basis of demo-cratic and free market principles. Finally, we acknowledge the significant financial contributions the Republic of Korea has made to facilitate U.S. military access on the Korean Peninsula. 
The conferees note that United States has 
an upgraded, strategic-plus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science cooperation, and defense coopera-tion. The conferees believe that the defense relationship between the United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to liberal democracy should continue to ex-pand. Further, we welcome the role of the Republic of India in providing security and stability in the Indo-Pacific region and be-yond, and we support the implementation of the United States-India Defense Framework Agreement and the India Defense Trade and 
Technology Initiative (DTTI). 
Requirement to submit Department of Defense 
policy regarding foreign disclosure or tech-nology release of Aegis Ashore capability to Japan (sec. 1262) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1256) that would express the sense of Con-gress that a decision by the Government of Japan to purchase Aegis Ashore for its self- defense could create a significant oppor-tunity for promoting interoperability and in-tegration of air- and missile defense capa-bility with close allies, could provide for force multiplication benefits, and could po-tentially alleviate force posture require-ments on multi-mission assets. This provi-sion would also require the Secretary of De-fense to submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees, a copy of the Department of Defense policy regarding foreign disclo-sure or technology release of Aegis Ashore capability to allies, including Japan, that possess sea-based Aegis weapons system- equipped naval vessels. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the references to other allies and would edit the title of the provi-sion to directly reference the Government of Japan. 
South China Sea Initiative (sec. 1263) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1261) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide assistance and training for the purposes of increasing maritime security and the maritime domain awareness of foreign countries in the South China Sea. The provision would authorize $50.0 million from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide (OMDW) account for fiscal year 2016, with in-creases in funding levels in subsequent fiscal years, to provide assistance to the recipient countries, which include Indonesia, Malay-sia, the Philippines, Thailand, and Vietnam. The provision would require that the Sec-retary of Defense provide prior notification to the congressional defense committees not later than 15 days before exercising this au-thority. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize $50.0 million from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 only and, if the Secretary uses these funds to provide assistance and training under this authority during the first half- year of fiscal year 2016, the Secretary must submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the account or accounts that were used to provide the funds. The author-ity to provide assistance and training cannot be exercised after September 30, 2020. The conferees expect the Department to request additional funding for the South China Sea Initiative in fiscal years 2017 through 2020 as part of the annual budget request. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Two-year extension and modification of author-
ization for non-conventional assisted recov-ery capabilities (sec. 1271) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1261) that would extend, for 1 year, the au-thority of the Department of Defense to con-tinue to develop, manage, and execute a Non- Conventional Assisted Recovery (NAR) per-sonnel recovery program for isolated Depart-ment of Defense (DOD), U.S. Government, and other designated personnel supporting U.S. national interests worldwide. This sec-tion would allow the Secretary of Defense to 
use up to $25.0 million in funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for operation and maintenance for such recovery programs through fiscal year 2017. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1282) that would extend the authority of the Department of Defense to establish, develop, and maintain NAR ca-pabilities for 2 additional years. The provi-sion would also designate the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict (ASD SOLIC) as the primary civilian within DOD with pro-grammatic and policy oversight responsibil-ities for such activities. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize the Secretary of De-fense to use up to $25.0 million in funds au-thorized for operation and maintenance for NAR. 
The conferees note that the agreement 
would designate the ASD SOLIC as the pri-mary civilian within DOD with pro-grammatic and policy oversight responsibil-ities for such activities. Given the sensitive nature of NAR activities, including the au-thorized use of irregular forces, groups, and individuals, the committee believes that ASD SOLIC is the most appropriate civilian office within the Department to exercise oversight of such activities and associated policies. 
Amendment to the annual report under Arms 
Control and Disarmament Act (sec. 1272) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1262) that would amend subsection (e) of sec-tion 403 of the Arms Control and Disar-mament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a) and would re-quire the Director of National Intelligence to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that details each in-stance of inconsistent behavior by a state party of an arms control treaty or related agreement to which the United States is a party. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of authorization to conduct activities 
to enhance the capability of foreign coun-tries to respond to incidents involving weap-ons of mass destruction (sec. 1273) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1264) that would extend the authority to con-duct activities to enhance the capability of foreign countries to respond to incidents in-volving weapons of mass destruction from section 1204 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) through September 30, 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1203) that would extend the authority for the Secretary of Defense to provide Weapons of Mass Destruction inci-dent response training and basic equipment to foreign first responders until September 30, 2018. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would extend the authority through September 30, 2019. 
Modification of authority for support of special 
operations to combat terrorism (sec. 1274) 
The House bill contained a provision that 
would amend the authority for support of special operations to combat terrorism con-tained in section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375), as amended, by increasing the annual cap on the authority from $75.0 million to $100.0 million. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would increase the annual cap on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00284 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.100 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6593 September 29, 2015 
authority from $75.0 million to $85.0 million 
and would require the Secretary of Defense to notify the congressional defense commit-tees not later than 15-days prior to initiating the authority. 
The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to notify the congressional defense committees of funding changes to Section 1208 programs when such a proposed increase exceeds 20 percent of the current approved total for that particular program or $500,000, whichever amount is less. 
Limitation on availability of funds to implement 
the Arms Trade Treaty (sec. 1275) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1270) that would limit the Department of De-fense’s ability to implement the Arms Trade Treaty while also permitting the Depart-ment to assist foreign governments in bring-ing their laws and regulations to a level equal to that of the United States. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
The conferees note that a substantively 
identical provision was included in the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
Report on the security relationship between the 
United States and the Republic of Cyprus (sec. 1276) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1271) that would require, not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to jointly submit an assessment of the mili-tary capability of Cyprus to defend against threats to its national security. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1274), requiring an assess-ment of the U.S.-Cyprus bilateral security relationship not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act. 
The House recedes. 
Sense of Congress on European defense and the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (sec. 1277) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1280) that would express the sense of the Con-gress that the U.S. should continue to work with aspirant countries for entry into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and work with NATO members to identify current and future security threats as well as ensuring sufficient funding is obligated to meet NATO responsibilities. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1254) that would express the sense of Congress urging the United States to en-courage NATO allies to meet defense budget commitments made at the Wales Summit in September 2014 and to continue to coordi-nate defense investments to improve deter-rence against Russian aggression and ter-rorist organizations as well as more appro-priately balancing defense spending across the alliance. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that expresses the sense of Congress that the United States should continue NATO’s open- door policy for nations that share Alliance values, are willing to assume the responsibil-ities and obligations of membership, and are in a position to contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area, as well as encour-aging continued work with aspirant coun-tries to prepare for entry into NATO. 
Briefing on the sale of certain fighter aircraft to 
Qatar (sec. 1278) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1273) that would express the sense of the Senate that the United States should promptly consider the sale of fighter aircraft to the Government of Qatar and requires a report describing the risks and benefits as 
they relate to such a sale. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require a briefing to certain con-gressional committees on the risks and bene-fits of the sale of fighter aircraft to Qatar. 
United States-Israel anti-tunnel cooperation 
(sec. 1279) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1267) that would establish a cooperative re-search and development program with Israel to develop anti-tunneling defense capabili-ties to detect, map, and neutralize under-ground tunnels. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1272). 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that requires the Secretary of Defense to designate an appropriate research and devel-opment entity of a military department as the lead agency of the Department of De-fense to carry out this section, establishes an annual limit on the amount that can be provided, and requires matching contribu-tions from the Government of Israel. 
The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to submit to con-gressional defense committees a report that includes: (1) instances of tunnels being used to attack installations of the United States or allies of the United States; (2) trends or developments in tunnel attacks throughout the world; (3) key technologies employed by potential adversaries and challenges faced when using tunnels; (4) the capabilities of the Department of Defense for defending fixed or forward locations from tunnel at-tacks; (5) the plans, including with respect to funding, of the Secretary for countering threats posed by tunnels. 
NATO Special Operations Headquarters (sec. 
1280) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1263) that would make permanent the au-thority for the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization Special Operations Headquarters, as first authorized in section 1244(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84). 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1281) that would extend, for 3 years, the authority under section 1244(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2541), as most recently amended by section 1272(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2023). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would extend, for 5 years, the authority for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Special Operations Headquarters. 
Increased presence of United States ground 
forces in Eastern Europe to deter aggression on the border of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (sec. 1281) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1274) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report on the impact of any significant reduction in United States troop levels or materiel in Europe on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s ability to credibly deter, resist, or repel external threats, not later than 30 days prior to the date of such reduction. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1253) that would require, no later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act, that the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, sub-mit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of options for expanding the presence of U.S. ground forces in Eastern Eu-rope to respond, with European allies and 
partners, to the security challenges posed by Russia with a report that would include an evaluation of the optimal location(s) of the enhanced ground force presence and a de-scription of any initiatives by other mem-bers of NATO, or other European allies and partners. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would create an additional element of 
the report required by this section to assess the impact of any significant reduction in U.S. troop levels or material in Europe on U.S. national security interests in Europe. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Report on efforts to engage United States manu-
facturers in procurement opportunities re-lated to equipping the Afghan National Se-curity Forces 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1217) that would require, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State to submit a report on efforts of the Secretaries to engage United States manufacturers in procurement opportunities related to equipping the Afghan National Se-curity Forces. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide a report to the congres-sional defense committees, within 180 days of the enactment of this Act, on efforts of the Secretaries to engage United States manu-facturers and service providers in procure-ment and service provision opportunities re-lated to equipping and supporting the Af-ghan National Defense Security Forces. 
Report on access to financial records of the Gov-
ernment of Afghanistan to audit the use of funds for assistance for Afghanistan 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1218) that would require the Special Inspec-tor General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) to submit to Congress, not later than December 31, 2016, a report on the ex-tent to which the Office of SIGAR has ade-quate access to financial records of the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan to audit the use of funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the Lead Inspector 
General for Operation Freedom’s Sentinel to brief the congressional defense committees on the extent to which the Inspector General has access to financial records of the Govern-ment of Afghanistan to audit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
Sense of Congress relating to Dr. Shakil Afridi 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1219) that would express the sense of Con-gress that Dr. Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physician who helped the United States lo-cate Osama bin Laden, is an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the contributions of Dr. 
Afridi to efforts to locate Osama bin Laden, remain concerned about Dr. Afridi’s con-tinuing incarceration, and urge the Govern-ment of Pakistan to release him imme-diately. 
Report on lines of communication of Islamic 
State of Iraq and the Levant and other for-eign terrorist organizations 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1226) that would that would require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00285 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.101 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6594 September 29, 2015 
the Secretary of Defense to submit a report 
on the lines of communication that enable the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Jabhat al-Nusra, and other foreign terrorist organizations that facilitate assistance through countries bordering on Syria. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
The conferees are concerned with the lines 
of communication that enable the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other ter-rorist organizations in Syria and Iraq and urge the administration to address such lines of communication in its campaign strategy. 
Report on efforts of Turkey to fight terrorism 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1227) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report to Congress, not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, on: Turkey’s bilateral and multilateral efforts to combat the flow of foreign fighters through its country to Syria; relationship with Hamas, including its harboring of leaders of Hamas; and efforts to fight terrorism, including its military and humanitarian role in the coalition to combat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the requirement for an 
assessment of efforts to combat the flow of foreign fighters to and from Syria and Iraq is included in another provision of this Act. 
Report to assess the potential effectiveness of 
and requirements for the establishment of safe zones or a no-fly zone in Syria 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1228) that would require, no later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to submit a re-port that would assesses the potential effec-tiveness, risks, and operational requirements of the establishment and maintenance of a no-fly zone over part or all of Syria, as well as such effectiveness, risks, and operational requirements for internally displaced people or for the facilitation of humanitarian as-sistance. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to provide a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, the Senate For-eign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, that assesses the potential effectiveness, risks and operational requirements, includ-ing legal requirements, to establish and maintain: (1) a no-fly zone over a significant portion or all of Syria; and (2) one or more safe zones in Syria for internally displaced people or for the facilitation of humani-tarian assistance. 
Report on military posture required in the Mid-
dle East to deter Iran from developing a nu-clear weapon 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1233) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report to Congress, not later than 90 days after this Act, regarding the military posture required in the Middle East to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to provide a briefing not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act to the Committees on Armed Services of the House 
of Representatives and the Senate on the U.S. force posture required to protect U.S. national interests and deter Iranian aggres-sion in the Middle East. 
Sense of Congress on support for Estonia, Lat-
via, and Lithuania 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1245) that would express the sense of Con-gress on U.S. support for Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, including support for their sovereignty, concern over aggressive mili-tary actions of the Russian Federation against these nations, and encouragement for further defense cooperation between the United States and these nations. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note Estonia, Latvia, Lith-
uania and Georgia are highly valued allies and friends of the United States that have repeatedly demonstrated commitment to ad-vancing our mutual interests and those of NATO. The conferees reaffirm United States support for the sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity along internation-ally recognized borders of these nations and express concern over increasingly aggressive military maneuvering by Russia near or within their borders or airspace. The con-ferees also emphasize their support for the U.S. policy of not recognizing the Russia-oc-cupied regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as independent states. Additionally, the conferees encourage the Administration to further enhance defensive security co-operation with these valued security allies and partners and support the efforts of their respective governments to provide for the defense of their people and sovereign terri-tory. 
Sense of Congress on support for Georgia 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1246) that would express the sense of Con-gress on U.S. support for Georgia’s sov-ereignty and territorial integrity as well as support for continued cooperation between the United States and Georgia. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
The conferees note the continued support 
for a North Atlantic Treaty Organization Membership Action Plan for Georgia is in-cluded in another provision of this Act and concerns regarding Russian aggression against the sovereignty and territorial integ-rity of Georgia appear elsewhere in this con-ference report. 
Sense of Congress recognizing the 70th anniver-
sary of the end of Allied military engage-ment in the Pacific theater 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1251) that would express the sense of the Con-gress to remember and honor those Ameri-cans who made the ultimate sacrifice and gave their lives for their country during the campaigns in the Pacific theater during the Second World War. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The conference agreement does not include 
this provision. 
The conferees note that this provision is 
discussed elsewhere in this report. 
Sense of Congress regarding consolidation of 
United States military facilities in Okinawa, Japan 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1252) that would express the sense of Con-gress regarding the progress to fulfill the April 27, 2012 agreement of the United States-Japan Security Consultative Com-mittee on the realignment of U.S. facilitates in Okinawa, Japan. The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the significant progress 
that has been made towards implementing the Okinawa Consolidation Plan, to include the approval of the landfill permit on De-cember 27, 2013, which cleared the way for the construction of the Futenma Replace-ment Facility. The conferees encourage con-tinued progress towards implementation of the ‘‘2+2 agreement,’’ as restated in the April 27, 2015 Joint Statement, which is critical to the bilateral security interests of the United States and Japan. 
Sense of Congress on the United States alliance 
with Japan 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1254) that would express the sense of Con-gress on the U.S. alliance with Japan, in-cluding that the United States highly values the alliance with the Government of Japan, supports recent changes in Japanese defense policy and the new bilateral guidelines for U.S.-Japan defense cooperation, and reaf-firms the U.S. commitment to the alliance. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the matters addressed 
in the House provision are addressed else-where in the conference agreement. 
Sense of Congress on opportunities to enhance 
the United States alliance with the Republic of Korea 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1255) that would express the sense of Con-gress on opportunities to deepen and broaden the scope of alliance cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Korea based on the alliance’s role as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Ko-rean Peninsula, Asia-Pacific region, and around the world. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the matters addressed 
in the House provision are addressed else-where in the conference agreement. 
Requirement to invite the military forces of Tai-
wan to participate in RIMPAC exercises 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1257) requiring the Secretary of Defense to invite the military forces of Taiwan to par-ticipate in the Rim of the Pacific Exercise if the Secretary has invited the military forces of the People’s Republic of China to partici-pate in such maritime exercise. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the matters addressed 
in the House provision are addressed else-where in the conference agreement. 
Sense of Congress reaffirming the importance of 
implementing the rebalance to the Asia-Pa-cific region 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1262) that would express the sense of Congress that the United States continue to implement the rebalance of U.S. forces to the Asia-Pacific region and that forces should be increased consistent with commit-ments already made by the Department of Defense. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the matters addressed 
in the House provision are addressed else-where in the conference agreement. 
Sense of Senate on Taiwan asymmetric military 
capabilities and bilateral training activities 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1263) that would express the sense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00286 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.102 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6595 September 29, 2015 
of the Senate on Taiwan’s asymmetric mili-
tary capabilities and bilateral training ac-tivities. 
The House bill did not contain a similar 
provision. 
The Senate recedes. The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1264) that would encourage the Sec-retary of Defense to carry out a program of exchanges of senior military officers and senior officials between the United States and Taiwan to improve military to military relations between the United States and Tai-wan. 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1257) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to invite the military forces of Taiwan to participate in the Rim of the Pacific Exer-cise if the Secretary has invited the military forces of the People’s Republic of China. 
The Senate amendment also contained a 
provision (sec. 1263) that would express the sense of the Senate on Taiwan’s asymmetric military capabilities and bilateral training activities. 
The conferees believe that the United 
States, in accordance with the Taiwan Rela-tions Act (Public Law 96–8), should continue to make available to Taiwan such defense ar-ticles and services as may be necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self- defense. The United States should continue to support the efforts of Taiwan to integrate innovative and asymmetric capabilities to balance the growing military capabilities of the People’s Republic of China, including fast-attack craft, coastal-defense cruise mis-siles, rapid-runway repair systems, offensive mines, and submarines optimized for defense of the Taiwan straits. With regards to train-ing, the conferees believe the military forces of Taiwan should be permitted to participate in bilateral training activities hosted by the United States that increase credible deter-rent capabilities of Taiwan, particularly those that emphasize the defense of Taiwan Island from missile attack, maritime block-ade, and amphibious invasion by the People’s Republic of China. Toward this end, the con-ferees believe that Taiwan should be encour-aged to participate in exercises that include realistic air-to-air combat training, includ-ing the exercise conducted at Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, and Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, commonly referred to as ‘‘Red Flag.’’ 
The conferees recommend that the Sec-
retary of Defense carry out a program of ex-changes of military officers between the United States and Taiwan designed to im-prove military-to-military relations between the United States and Taiwan. The officer exchanges should include field-grade officers, particularly officers with combat and spe-cialized experience, and general officers, who can provide support to Taiwan to develop and improve its joint warfighting capabili-ties. 
The conferees also note that section 1259A 
of the Fiscal Year 2015 National Defense Au-thorization Act (P.L. 113–291) includes the conferees recommendation on inviting Tai-wan to the humanitarian assistance and dis-aster relief portions of multilateral exer-cises. 
Military exchanges between senior officers and 
officials of the United States and Taiwan 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1264) authorizing the Department of Defense to conduct exchanges between senior military officers and senior officials focused on a variety of subjects between the United States and Taiwan designed to im-prove military-to-military relations between those two countries. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. The Senate recedes. 
The conferees note the matters addressed 
in the House provision are addressed else-where in the conference agreement. 
Efforts of the Department of Defense to prevent 
and respond to gender-based violence glob-ally 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1268) that would express a series of findings and a statement of policy on preventing and responding to gender-based violence glob-ally, and require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to certain congressional committees on the Department of Defense’s implementation efforts of the U.S. Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Vi-olence Globally. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees believe that gender-based vi-
olence undermines the health, economic sta-bility, and security of nations which, in turn, has an impact on United States inter-ests. The committee notes that the United States Global Strategy on Gender-based Vio-lence Prevention and Response requires the participation of the Department of Defense (DOD) in efforts to implement the strategy. The conferees encourage the continued ef-forts of the DOD in support of the United States Global Strategy on Gender-based Vio-lence Prevention and Response. 
Additionally, the conferees direct the Sec-
retary of Defense, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, to provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, a report on ef-forts to prevent and respond to gender-based violence globally in support of the United States’ strategy, including a description of the efforts of DOD in the Interagency Work-ing Group to implement the international gender-based violence prevention and re-sponse strategy and an assessment of the human and financial resources necessary to fulfill the purpose and duties of such strat-egy. 
Combating crime through intelligence capabili-
ties 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1269) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to deploy assets, personnel, and re-sources to United States Southern Command 
to combat transnational criminal organiza-tions by supplying sufficient intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabili-ties. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that JIATF–S con-
tinues to contribute to United States South-ern Command’s detection and monitoring and countering-transnational organized crime mission. The conferees encourage the Department ensure Joint Interagency Task Force-South has sufficient assets, personnel, and resources to fulfill its mandate. 
Sense of Congress on the defense relationship 
between the United States and the Republic of India 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1272) that would express the sense of Con-gress on the defense relationship between the United States and the Republic of India based on both countries’ common interests and commitments to stability, security, and democracy. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the matters addressed 
in the House provision are addressed else-where in the conference agreement. Sense of Congress on evacuation of United 
States citizens and nationals from Yemen 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1273) that would express the sense of Con-gress that the President should exercise all available authorities as expeditiously as pos-sible to evacuate United States citizens and nationals from Yemen. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees encourage the President to 
work with international partners, to the ex-tent practicable, to protect non-combatants and assist in the evacuation of U.S. Citizens and nationals as well as the citizens and na-tionals of other states from Yemen. 
Report on violence and cartel activity in Mexico 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1275) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report on violence and car-tel activity in Mexico and the impact of such on United States national security. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that ongoing violence 
associated with transnational organized crime poses a threat to the security interests of Mexico and the United States. The con-ferees recognize the shared commitment of the United States and Mexico to combat this threat and expect the Secretary of Defense to update periodically the Committees Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate on the Department’s se-curity cooperation activities with the Gov-ernment of Mexico. 
Report on actions to ensure Qatar is preventing 
terrorist leaders and financiers from oper-ating in its country 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1276) that would express the sense of Con-gress that Qatar is an important partner in the region, has played a significant role in fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL) and that the United States should do everything in its power to encour-age Qatar to crack down on terrorist leaders and financiers who are operating in its coun-try. The provision would require that, not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the President shall sub-mit to Congress a report on actions taken by the United States Government to ensure that Qatar is preventing terrorist leaders and financiers from operating in its country. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the President or ap-
propriate department or agency head(s), not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, to provide to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, a briefing on actions taken by the United States Gov-ernment to urge the government of Qatar to ensure that it is working to ensure that no foreign terrorist organizations or their lead-ers are operating in Qatar. 
United States support for Jordan 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1277) that would express the sense of Con-gress that the United States should continue to support Jordan’s military efforts to counter violent extremism and enhance re-gional stability. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the authorization of re-
imbursable assistance to Jordan for border security elsewhere in this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00287 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.103 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6596 September 29, 2015 
Report on United States efforts to combat Boko 
Haram and support regional allies and other partners 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1278) that would require, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State to jointly submit a report on the assessment of the threat of Boko Haram to United States national security, as well as a de-scription of U.S. efforts to combat Boko Haram. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense and the Secretary of State not later than 180 days after enactment to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
(1) An assessment of the threat posed by 
Boko Haram to United States national secu-rity interests in Nigeria, the region, and homeland; 
(2) A description of United States efforts to 
combat Boko Haram, including the authori-ties to carry out such efforts and the roles and missions of the Department of Defense and Department of State; 
(3) A description of United States humani-
tarian support to civilian populations im-pacted by Boko Haram’s activity; 
(4) A description of United States activi-
ties to enhance the capacity of supported re-gional partners to investigate and prosecute human rights violations and promote respect for the rule of law; 
(5) A description of military equipment, 
supplies, training, and other defense articles and services, including by type, quantity, and prioritization of such items, required to combat Boko Haram effectively and the gaps within regional allies to engage in the mis-sion to combat Boko Haram; 
(6) A description of military equipment, 
supplies, training, and other defense articles and services, including by type, quantity, and actual or estimated delivery date, that the United States Government has provided, is providing, and plans to provide to regional allies and other partners to combat Boko Haram as well as a description of associated plans to sustain United States provided equipment and capabilities; and 
(7) A description of support received by the 
Nigerian military from other foreign govern-ments. 
The report required shall be, to the extent 
practicable, submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
Sense of Congress on United States support for 
Tunisia 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1279) that would express a sense of the Con-gress that it is a national security priority of the United States to support and cooper-ate with Tunisia by providing assistance to combat the growing terrorist threat from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or other terrorist organizations. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provisions. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the importance of a se-
cure and stable Tunisia to counter the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other terrorist organizations in North Africa and encourages the provision of United States assistance to Tunisia. 
T
ITLE XIII—C OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION  
Subtitle A—Funding Allocations 
Specification of Cooperative Threat Reduction 
funds (sec. 1301) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1301) that would define Cooperative Threat Reduction programs and funds and make funds appropriated for the Department of De-
fense Cooperative Threat Reduction Pro-gram available for fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
The Senate amendment contained an al-
most identical provision, with a technical difference (sec. 1301). 
The House recedes. 
Funding allocations (sec. 1302) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1302) that would specify funding allocations for each program under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction pro-gram. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1302). 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
T
ITLE XIV—O THER AUTHORIZATIONS  
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Working Capital Funds (sec. 1401) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1401) that would authorize the appropriations for the defense working capital and revolv-ing funds at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1401). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
National Defense Sealift Fund (sec. 1402) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1402) that would authorize the appropriations for the National Defense Sealift Fund in sec-tion 4501 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1402). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, 
Defense (sec. 1403) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1403) that would authorize the appropriations for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruc-tion, Defense, at levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1403). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, 
Defense-Wide (sec. 1404) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1404) that would authorize the appropriations for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-Wide, at the levels identi-fied in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1404). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Defense Inspector General (sec. 1405) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1405) that would authorize the appropriations for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense at the levels identi-fied in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1405). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Defense Health Program (sec. 1406) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1406) that would authorize appropriations for the Defense Health Program activities at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1406). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund (sec. 1407) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1407) that would authorize appropriations for the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund ac-
tivities at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize to be appropriated sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2017. 
Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
Extension of date for completion of destruction 
of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions (sec. 1411) 
The House contained a provision to extend 
the completion date for the destruction of the existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2023. 
The Senate contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle C—Working Capital Funds 
Limitation on cessation or suspension of dis-
tribution of funds from Department of De-fense working capital funds (sec. 1421) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1421) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense or Secretary of any military depart-ment from furloughing any employee of the Department of Defense whose salary is fund-ed by working capital funds with certain ex-ceptions. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would specify that the Secretary of De-fense may not cease funding current projects being completed by indirectly funded govern-ment employees of the Department of De-fense who are paid out of working-capital funds. The conferees note that this provision shall not be construed to provide for the ex-clusion of any particular category of em-ployees of the Department of Defense from furlough. 
Working capital fund reserve account for petro-
leum market price fluctuations (sec. 1422) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1422) that would amend Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, by including a mar-ket fluctuation account for the purchase of petroleum. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Authority for transfer of funds to Joint Depart-
ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois (sec. 1431) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1431) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to transfer $120.4 million to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Dem-onstration Fund for operations of the Cap-tain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Vet-erans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facili-ties. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1411). 
The Senate recedes. 
Authorization of appropriations for Armed 
Forces Retirement Home (sec. 1432) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1432) that would authorize appropriations of $64.3 million for the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 1412). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00288 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.104 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6597 September 29, 2015 
LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Inspections of the Armed Forces Retirement 
Home by the Inspector General of the De-partment of Defense 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1413) that would amend section 1518 of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 418) to require the Inspector General of the Department of Defense to con-duct an inspection of the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home not less than once every 3 years and to authorize the Inspector General to determine the scope of the inspection through a risk-based analysis of the oper-ations of the home. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
T
ITLE XV—A UTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL  
APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN -
GENCY OPERATIONS  
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Purpose and treatment of certain authorizations 
of appropriations (sec. 1501) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1501) that would establish the purpose of this 
title and make authorization of appropria-tions available upon enactment of this Act for the Department of Defense, in addition to amounts otherwise authorized in this Act, to provide for additional costs due to overseas contingency operations and other additional funding requirements. The provision also in-cludes clarification on the treatment of these funds. 
The Senate bill contained a similar provi-
sion that would establish this title and make authorization of appropriations available upon enactment of this Act for the Depart-ment of Defense, in addition to amounts oth-erwise authorized in this Act. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that includes language from the Senate pro-vision section 1003, stating if an act is en-acted at a later date that would revise the discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016, the amount authorized to be appro-priated by section 1504 and no greater than the increase to the revised security category will be deemed as authorized to be appro-priated by section 301. 
Procurement (sec. 1502) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1502) that would authorize the additional ap-propriation for procurement activities at the levels identified in section 4102 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1503). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Research, development, test, and evaluation 
(sec. 1503) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1503) that would authorize the additional ap-propriation for research, development, test, and evaluation activities at the levels identi-fied in section 4202 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1504). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Operation and maintenance (sec. 1504) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1504) that would authorize additional appro-priations for operation and maintenance pro-grams at the levels identified in sections 4302 and 4303 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1505) that would authorize the ad-ditional appropriations for operation and maintenance activities at the levels identi-fied in section 4302 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment. 
Military personnel (sec. 1505) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1505) that would authorize the additional ap-propriations for military personnel activities 
at the levels identified in section 4402 of divi-sion D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1506). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Working capital funds (sec. 1506) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1506) that would authorize the additional ap-propriations for defense working capital and revolving funds at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1507). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, 
Defense-Wide (sec. 1507) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1507) that would authorize the additional ap-propriations for the Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-Wide at the levels identified in section 4502 of divi-sion D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1508). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Defense Inspector General (sec. 1508) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1508) that would authorize the additional ap-propriations for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense identi-fied in section 4502 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1509). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Defense Health Program (sec. 1509) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1509) that would authorize the additional ap-propriations for the Defense Health Program activities identified in section 4502 of divi-sion D of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1510). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Counterterrorism Partnership Fund (sec. 1510) 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
1511) that would authorize the additional ap-propriations for the Counterterrorism Part-nership Fund at the levels identified in sec-tion 4502 of division D of this Act. Amounts authorized in this fund will be available for obligations for 2 fiscal years. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
Treatment as additional authorizations (sec. 
1521) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1521) that would state that the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated in this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 1521). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Special transfer authority (sec. 1522) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1522) that would allow the Secretary of De-fense to transfer up to $3.5 billion of addi-tional war-related funding authorizations in this title among the accounts in this title. 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
1522) that would allow the Secretary of De-fense to transfer up to $4.0 billion of addi-tional war-related funding authorizations in this title among the accounts in this title. 
The Senate recedes. Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (sec. 1531) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1541) that would continue the existing limi-tation on the use of the Afghanistan Secu-rity Forces Fund (ASFF) for fiscal year 2016, would require $50.0 million to be used for the recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces (ANSF), and would require reporting on in-ventory of facilities and services that are lacking adequate resources for Afghan fe-male service members and police, as well as a plan to address the short-comings of facili-ties and services. 
The Senate amendment contained similar 
provisions (sec. 1209, 1531) that would require $10.0 million of the ASFF be used for recruit-ment and retention of women in the ANSF. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would continue the existing limitation on the use of ASFF for fiscal year 2016, and would require that of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016, the Secretary shall use not less than $10.0 million, with the goal of using $25.0 mil-lion, to support, to the extent practicable, the efforts of the Government of Afghanistan to promote the security of Afghan women and girls. This section also would require the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to report on a plan to promote the security of Afghan women. 
Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund 
(sec. 1532) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1542) that would authorize various transfer authorities, reporting requirements, and other associated activities for the Joint Im-provised Explosive Device (IED) Defeat Fund during fiscal year 2016, and would modify the implementation requirements associated with the plan for consolidation and align-ment of rapid acquisition organizations. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1532) that would authorize the Joint IED Defeat Fund and provide the Secretary of Defense with the authority to investigate, develop and provide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, per-sonnel, and funds to assist in the defeat of improvised explosive devices for operations in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and other oper-ations or military missions designated by the Secretary. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would prohibit the transition of the Joint IED Defeat Organization to a combat support agency, require the Secretary of De-fense to provide a plan by January 31, 2016 for the activities, functions, and resources of Joint IED Defeat Organization to be fully and completely transitioned to an office under the authority, direction, and control of an executive agent by September 30, 2016. Additionally, if the full transition is not complete by September 30, 2016 none of the funds in the Joint IED Defeat Fund would be available to the Department of Defense after September 30, 2016. 
The conferees urge the Secretary of De-
fense to provide information to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and Senate Committee on Foreign Relations for any activities con-ducted pursuant to subsection (b). 
The conferees understand that as of March 
11, 2015, the Deputy Secretary of Defense for-mally initiated the transition of the Joint IED Defeat Organization to a new combat support agency named the Joint Improvised- Threat Agency (JIDA) with the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics as the component lead. The conferees have concerns regarding this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00289 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.106 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6598 September 29, 2015 
current transition and believe a new strat-
egy and implementation plan is required that would provide for a more streamlined approach to integrating the roles, missions, and activities of the JIDA into an existing military department, rather than estab-lishing a new combat support agency within the Office of the Secretary of Defense. This would create reduced overhead management costs while maintaining institutional core knowledge for counter defeat and detection capabilities for IEDs and other improvised threats. The intent of this required new transition so not to disrupt ongoing, near- term counter-IED activities in support of overseas contingency operations. 
Availability of improvised explosive device de-
feat funds for training of foreign security forces to defeat improvised explosive devices (sec. 1533) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1533) that would authorize up to $30.0 million of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund to provide training for foreign security forces to increase effectiveness in defeating impro-vised explosive devices. The provision would require training be provided only pursuant to other provisions of law. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment that would conform the provi-sion to a related provision concerning the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization included elsewhere in this Act. 
Comptroller General report on use of certain 
funds provided for Operation and Mainte-nance (sec. 1534) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1543) that would require the Comptroller General to submit a report specifying how funds for overseas contingency operations were ultimately used. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would limit the report to funds author-ized in section 4303. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Statement of policy regarding European Reas-
surance Initiative 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1531) that would express a series of findings highlighting continued aggression and in-timidation by Russia against United States allies and partners in Europe, in particular, and include a statement of policy on efforts by the United States to continue and expand initiatives to reassure allies and partners and to deter aggression and intimidation by Russian, in order to enhance security and stability in the region. 
The Senate amendment did not contain a 
similar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees urge the Department of De-
fense to enhance efforts in Europe to reas-sure allies and partners and deter further ag-gression and intimidation by the Russian Government to enhance security and sta-bility in the region through: (1) increased U.S. military presence, exercises, training, prepositioning of equipment and infrastruc-ture; (2) increased emphasis on countering unconventional warfare methods in areas such as cyber warfare, information oper-ations, and intelligence operations; and (3) increased security assistance to allies and partners in Europe. T
ITLE XVI—S TRATEGIC PROGRAMS , CYBER , 
ANDINTELLIGENCE MATTERS  
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
Major force program and budget for national se-
curity space (sec. 1601) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1601) that would amend chapter 9 of title 10, U.S.C., to establish a unified major force pro-gram for national security space programs to prioritize national security space activities in accordance with the requirement of the Department of Defense and national secu-rity. Additionally, this section would require a report from the Secretary of Defense that assesses the budget from fiscal years 2017–20 that includes a comparison between the cur-rent budget and the previous year’s budget, as well as the current future years defense program, and the previous one with specific budget line identification. The provision would also require a plan be provided to the congressional defense committees for car-rying out the unified major force program for national security space programs within 180 days of the date of enactment. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the findings. 
Principal advisor on space control (sec. 1602) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1602) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to designate an individual who is already a full time equivalent of the Department of Defense to serve as the Prin-cipal Space Control Advisor, who shall act as the principal advisor to the Secretary on space control activities. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
clarifying the roles and responsibilities of the cross-functional team. 
The conferees direct the Secretary of De-
fense to provide a briefing to the congres-sional defense committees within 180 days on the roles and responsibilities for space con-trol activities within the Department of De-fense; efforts underway to streamline deci-sion making and limit bureaucracy for space control within the Department; and a de-scription of how the Space Security and De-fense Program will be appropriately inte-grated and aligned in the space control ac-tivities. 
Council on Oversight of the Department of De-
fense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise (sec. 1603) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1610) that would establish a council to review and be responsible for the Depart-ment of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise, including positioning, navigation, and timing services provided to civil, commercial, scientific and inter-national users. This council would terminate 10 years after the date of enactment. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would add the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments as ex officio members of the council. 
Modification to development of space science 
and technology strategy (sec. 1604) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1602) that would modify and streamline sec-tion 2271 of title 10, U.S.C., by removing spe-cific direction on elements of the strategy, coordination, and reporting requirements to Congress. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. Delegation of authority regarding purchase of 
Global Positioning System user equipment (sec. 1605) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1605) that would modify section 913 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) by limiting the delegation of waiver authority to a level no lower than the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would add the secretaries of the mili-tary departments to the waiver authority delegation limitation. 
Rocket propulsion system development program 
(sec. 1606) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1603) that would amend section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by insert-ing a section on streamlined acquisition; a clarification that, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the rocket propulsion system required by section 1604 of Public Law 113–291, the Secretary of Defense would be permitted to obligate or expend such funds only for the development of such rocket propulsion system, and the necessary interfaces to the launch vehicle, to replace non-allied space launch engines by 2019 as required by such section; and a re-quirement for the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing on the streamlined acqui-sition approach, requirements, and acquisi-tion strategy. 
The Senate amendment also contained a 
provision (sec. 1606) that would amend sec-tion 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to include a plan for the develop-ment and fielding of a full-up engine. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would limit the availability of funds only for the development of a rocket propul-sion system and the necessary interfaces to, or integration of, the launch vehicle, to re-place non-allied space launch engines by 2019 as required by section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
The amendment would specify that funds 
may be used for the integration of a rocket propulsion system on a new or existing launch vehicle. Funds may not be used to de-velop or procure a new launch vehicle or in-frastructure. 
The agreement would also direct the Sec-
retary of the Air Force to provide the con-gressional defense committees a briefing no later than 90 days from the date of enact-ment on a plan for the development and fielding of a full-up rocket propulsion sys-tem. 
Exception to the prohibition on contracting with 
Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program (sec. 1607) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1604) that would amend section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note). 
The Senate amendment also contained a 
provision (sec. 1603) that would amend sec-tion 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00290 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.107 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6599 September 29, 2015 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would amend section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by modifying the exception to the prohibition. The amend-ment would except contracts awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities that includes the use of not more than a total of five rocket engines de-signed or manufactured in the Russian Fed-eration that prior to February 1, 2014, were either fully paid for by the contractor or covered by a legally binding commitment of the contractor to fully pay for such rocket engines. The amendment would also add an additional exception which would allow con-tracts, not covered under the other excep-tions, that are awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch ac-tivities that include the use of not more than a total of four additional rocket en-gines designed or manufactured in the Rus-sian Federation. Therefore, the agreement allows for a total of nine Russian rocket en-gines, aside from the waiver authority and the existing contract number FA8811–13–C– 0003 awarded on December 18, 2013. Of those nine engines, not more than four additional rocket engines can be procured from the Russian Federation as five of the nine al-lowed under the (c)(1)(B) exception would have already been fully paid for as of Feb-ruary 1, 2014. 
The existing exception on the placement of 
orders or the exercise of options under the contract number FA8811–13–C–0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013 and the exist-ing waiver remain unchanged and unaffected. 
The conferees believe that the continued 
reliance on Russian rocket engines rep-resents a significant risk to our national se-curity and that their use should be mini-mized to the greatest extent practicable while maintaining assured access to space and competition. 
Consistent with the limitations established 
by this provision, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, to evaluate options for an executable backup plan for assured access to space that main-tains competition as feasible. The conferees expect the report to consider options in the event of a national emergency including using a Delta launch vehicle, relying on the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion’s launch capability, acquiring or leveraging space launch services provided by international partners consistent with the National Space Transportation Policy, or any other options that the Secretary deems feasible. The report shall include identifica-tion of requirements, feasibility, costs, infra-structure, security, timelines, required au-thorities and risks and benefits associated with each option considered. The Secretary shall submit the results in the form of a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees no later than April 15, 2016. 
Acquisition strategy for evolved expendable 
launch vehicle program (sec. 1608) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1606) that would express the sense of Con-gress concerning the need for an updated, phased acquisition strategy and contracting plan for the Evolved Expendable Launch Ve-hicle (EELV) program and that the acquisi-tion strategy and contracting plan should eliminate the currently structured EELV launch capability (ELC) arrangement after the current contractual obligations, among other statements. The provision would re-quire the Secretary of the Air Force to dis-continue the current ELC arrangement by the latter of either the date on which the Secretary determines that the obligations of the contracts relating to such arrangement 
have been met, or by December 31, 2020. The provision would also require the Secretary to apply consistent and appropriate standards to certified EELV providers with respect to certified cost and pricing data, and audits, in accordance with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code; would require the Sec-retary to develop and carry out a 10-year ac-quisition strategy for the EELV program, in accordance with section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, and other elements of the provision; would require any contract for launch services to account for the value of the ELC arrangement per contract line item numbers in the bid price of the offeror as ap-propriate per launch; and would require a re-port on the acquisition strategy. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1604) that would prohibit the Sec-retary of Defense from awarding a contract, renewing a contract, or maintaining a sepa-rate contract line item for the procurement of property or services for space launch capa-bilities under the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) program. The provi-sion would allow for the Secretary to waive the requirement if the Secretary determines that: (1) awarding or renewing, or maintain-ing a separate contract line item for launch capabilities is necessary for the national se-curity interests of the United States and the contract or contract line item does not sup-port space launch activities using rocket en-gines designed or manufactured in the Rus-sian Federation; and (2) failing to award or renew such a contract or maintain such a contract line item would have significant consequences to national security and result in the significant loss of life or property or economic harm. The provision would not apply to the placement of orders or the exer-cise of options under the contract numbered FA8811–13–C-003 and awarded on December 18, 2013. That exception would expire on Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the sense of Congress lan-guage; revise the date for discontinuing the current ELC arrangement to not later than December 31, 2019 for existing contracts using rocket engines designed or manufac-tured in the Russian Federation and not later than December 31, 2020 for existing con-tracts using domestic rocket engines; and 
clarify language concerning the acquisition strategy required. 
Allocation of funding for evolved expendable 
launch vehicle program (sec. 1609) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1605) that would realign the cost share of the Evolved Expendable Launch Ve-hicle (EELV) Launch Capabilities (ELC) be-tween the Air Force and the National Recon-naissance Office (NRO). The provision would require, for fiscal years 2017, 2018, or 2019, that the Air Force request for ELC funding bear the same ratio to the total number of Air Force cores to be procured under the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Launch Services (ELS). 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to submit a cer-tification with the budgets for fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 that the cost share be-tween the Air Force and the National Recon-naissance Office for the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability program eq-uitably reflects the appropriate allocation of funding for the Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, respectively, based on the launch schedule and national mission forecast. The amendment would also require sufficient rationale to justify such cost share. Procurement of wideband satellite communica-
tions (sec. 1610) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1607) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to designate a senior Department of Defense official to procure wideband satellite communications, both military and commer-cial, to meet the requirements of the Depart-ment. Additionally, this section would re-quire the Secretary of Defense to submit to 
the congressional defense committees, a plan to meet the requirements of the Department for satellite communications, including iden-tification of roles and responsibilities, no later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1609) that would require the Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space to submit by January 31, 2016 a plan to the congressional defense commit-tees for consolidating the acquisition of commercial satellite communications (COMSATCOM) services from across the De-partment of Defense into a program office in the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center. The plan would require consolidation to take place within a 3-year period. It would also require an assessment of the current management and overhead costs, a projec-tion of the consolidated management and overhead costs, and an estimate of the cost of consolidation. The provision would require the Director of Cost Assessment and Pro-gram Evaluation to review and validate each of the estimates. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a plan for the consolidation of the acquisition of wideband satellite commu-nications. The amendment would require the Secretary to identify and designate a single acquisition agent and implementation of the consolidation plan. The amendment would also allow the Secretary to forgo implemen-tation if the Secretary determines that the implementation will require significant addi-tional funding or is not in the interests of national security. 
Analysis of alternatives for wide-band commu-
nications (sec. 1611) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1611) that would require an anal-ysis of alternatives for the replacement of the Wideband Global Satellite System with a report due to the congressional defense com-mittees by March 31, 2017. The analysis re-quired shall take into account future band-width of space, air, and ground communica-tions systems. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Modification of pilot program for acquisition of 
commercial satellite communication services (sec. 1612) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1609) that would modify an existing pilot pro-gram for acquisition of commercial satellite communications services by removing the requirement to use the working capital fund and authorize multiple methods or path-finder efforts to be used within the pilot pro-gram. Additionally, the Secretary would have to establish metrics to track the progress of meeting the objectives of the pro-gram and provide annual briefings on the progress of the pilot program, concurrent with the submission of the budget request in each year from fiscal year 2017 through fiscal year 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1612) that would direct the Department of Defense to seek to achieve order-of-magnitude improvements in com-munications capability as a goal of pilot pro-grams for commercial satellite communica-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00291 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.108 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6600 September 29, 2015 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct the pilot program, remove the re-quirement to use the working capital fund for the pilot program and authorize multiple methods or pathfinder efforts to be used within the pilot program. The amendment would also direct the Department to seek to achieve order-of-magnitude improvements in communications capability as a goal of pilot programs for commercial satellite commu-nications. The conferees believe that Depart-ment of Defense should use this program to explore new and innovative ways to acquire commercial satellite communications for the benefit of the warfighter and the taxpayers. This should include new activities to meet the goals established in the pilot program while also leveraging the Department’s path-finder efforts. 
Integrated policy to deter adversaries in space 
(sec. 1613) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1614) that would state a sense of Congress re-garding space defense, as outlined in the Na-tional Space Policy of 2010. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1601) that would require the President to establish an interagency process to develop a policy to deter adver-saries in space. This integrated deterrence policy would be developed with the objec-tives of (1) reducing risks to the United States and its allies in space; and (2) pro-tecting and preserving the rights, access, ca-pabilities, use, and freedom of action of the United States in space and the right of the United States to respond to an attack in space and, if necessary, deny adversaries the use of space capabilities hostile to the na-tional interests of the United States. The provision would require the President to pro-vide a report setting forth the deterrence policy and the answers to Enclosure 1, re-garding offensive space control policy, of the classified annex to this Act, to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives within 180 days of the date of enactment. If the report required and the answers to Enclosure 1 are not pro-vided within 180 days of the date of enact-ment, the provision would prohibit, until provided, the obligation or expenditure of $10.0 million of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 to provide support services to the Execu-tive Office of the President. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Prohibition on reliance on China and Russia for 
space-based weather data (sec. 1614) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1610) that would prohibit reliance on space- based weather data from the Government of the People’s Republic of China or the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation, and would require the Secretary of Defense to certify that the Department of Defense does not rely on, or in the future does not plan to rely on, space-based weather data for na-tional security purposes, that is provided by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, the Government of the Russian Fed-eration, or an entity owned or controlled by the Government of China or the Government of Russia. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Limitation on availability of funds for weather 
satellite follow-on system (sec. 1615) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1608) that would limit any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise 
made available for fiscal year 2016 for the weather satellite follow-on system until the Secretary of Defense provides a briefing to the congressional defense committees on a plan to address the requirements of the De-partment of Defense for cloud characteriza-tion and theater weather imagery, and that such plan will not negatively affect the com-manders of the combatant commands and will meet the requirements of the Depart-ment for cloud characterization and theater weather imagery. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would change the limitation of funds from a full limitation to a limitation on half of the funds. 
The conferees are aware and supportive of 
the efforts to reassess the appropriate por-tions of the analysis of alternatives (AoA) for space-based environmental monitoring in consideration of the changes that have oc-curred since the original AoA that was com-pleted. 
Limitations on availability of funds for the De-
fense Meteorological Satellite program (sec. 1616) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1607) that would prohibit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated in fiscal year 2016 and any unobligated funds made available for appropriation in fiscal year 2015 for the Defense Meteorological Satellite Pro-gram (DMSP) or the launch of Defense Mete-orological Satellite Program satellite #20 (DMSP–20) until the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly certify to the congressional defense committees that: (1) relying on civil and international contributions to meet space- based environmental monitoring require-ments is insufficient or is a risk to national security and launching DMSP–20 will meet those requirements; (2) launching DMSP–20 is the most affordable solution to meeting requirements validated by the Joint Require-ments Oversight Council; and (3) nonmate-rial solutions within the Department of De-fense, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), or National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) are incapable of providing a solution for cloud characterization and theater weather requirements as validated by the Joint Re-quirements Oversight Council. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that reduces the fence in fiscal year 2015 to half of any unobligated funds made available for appropriation and clarifies the elements of the certification. 
Streamline commercial space launch activities 
(sec. 1617) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1613) that would direct the Sec-retary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the commercial space sec-tor, and the heads of other executive agen-cies as appropriate to report annually on ac-tions taken to remove duplication and mini-mize inconsistencies across the federal gov-ernment for commercial space launch re-quirements and approval. The report shall be submitted to the congressional defense com-mittees, the Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science and Transportation and the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment that would add the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure as a 
recipient of the required reports. The con-ferees note the importance of efforts to eliminate duplicative requirements and ap-provals to streamline commercial space launch activities. 
Plan on full integration and exploitation of 
overhead persistent infrared capability (sec. 1618) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1612) that would require the Commander, U.S. Strategic Command and the Director, Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a plan for the integration of overhead persistent infrared (OPIR) capa-bilities to support specified mission capabili-
ties of the Department of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Options for rapid space reconstitution (sec. 1619) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1613) that would state the sense of Congress regarding rapid reconstitution of critical space capabilities. It would also direct the Secretary of Defense to evaluate options for the use of current assets of the Department of Defense for the purpose of rapid recon-stitution of critical space-based warfighter enabling capabilities and provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees not later than March 31, 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the sense of Congress. 
Evaluation of exploitation of space-based infra-
red system against additional threats (sec. 1620) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1611) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, in cooperation with the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Director of National Intelligence, to conduct an evaluation of the Space-based In-frared System to detect, track, and target, or develop the capability to do the detect, track and target, against the full-range of threats to the United States, deployed mem-bers of the Armed Forces, and the allies of the United States, and provide the results of such evaluation to the congressional defense committees not later than December 31, 2016. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment re-
placing the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics with the Commander, U.S. Strategic Command and adding the Commander, U.S. Northern Command. 
The conferees note that the classified 
annex accompanying the House bill includes further discussion related to this section. 
Quarterly reports on Global Positioning System 
III space segment, Global Positioning Sys-tem operational control segment, and Mili-tary Global Positioning System user equip-ment acquisition programs (sec. 1621) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1608) that would require the Sec-retary of the Air Force to provide quarterly reports to the Comptroller General of the United States on the Global Positioning Sys-tem III (GPS III) space segment, the Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment (GPS OCX), and the Military Global Positioning System User Equipment (MGUE) acquisition programs. The reporting require-ment would sunset on the date at which GPS III, GPS OCX, and MGUE reach their full operational capabilities. 
The House bill contained no similar 
amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00292 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.109 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6601 September 29, 2015 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would add a requirement to provide sup-porting documents and modify the date of termination of the reporting requirement from full operational capability to initial operational capability. 
Sense of Congress on missile defense sensors in 
space (sec. 1622) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1615) that would express the sense of Con-gress that a robust multi-mission space sen-sor network will be vital to ensuring a strong missile defense system. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the findings. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-Related Activities 
Executive agent for open-source intelligence 
tools (sec. 1631) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1621) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to designate a senior official of the De-partment of Defense to serve as the execu-tive agent for the Department for open- source intelligence tools. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Waiver and congressional notification require-
ments related to facilities for intelligence collection or for special operations abroad (sec. 1632) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1622) that would modify section 2682(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding facili-ties for intelligence collection and for spe-cial operations abroad to include a notifica-tion requirement for the Secretary of De-fense to specified congressional committees and sunset the waiver authority of the Sec-retary of Defense on December 31, 2017. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Prohibition on National Intelligence Program 
consolidation (sec. 1633) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1623) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense from using any of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense dur-ing the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2016, to execute: the separation of the portion of the Department of Defense budget designated as part of the National Intel-ligence Program from the rest of the Depart-ment of Defense budget; the consolidation of the portion of the Department of Defense budget designated as part of the National In-telligence Program within the Department of Defense budget; or the establishment of a new appropriations account or appropria-tions account structure for such funds. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Limitation on availability of funds for Office of 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-ligence (sec. 1634) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1626) that would prohibit the obligation or expenditure of 25 percent of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Office of the Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence (OUSD(I)) until the Secretary of Defense establishes the policy required by section 922 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66). Section 922 required the Secretary to develop a written policy by 
June 24, 2014, governing the internal coordi-nation and prioritization of intelligence pri-orities of the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, the Joint Staff, the combatant com-mands, and the military departments to im-prove identification of the intelligence needs of the Department of Defense. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Department of Defense intelligence needs (sec. 
1635) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1628) that would require the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to provide a report to the congressional defense committees and the congressional intelligence committees on how the Director ensures that the National Intelligence Program budgets for the ele-ments of the Intelligence Community that are within the Department of Defense are adequate to satisfy the national intelligence needs of the Department, as required by sec-tion 102A(p) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(p)). The report would spe-cifically include a description of how the Di-rector incorporates the needs of the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the com-manders of the unified and specified com-mands into the metrics used to evaluate the performance of the elements of the Intel-ligence Community that are within the De-partment of Defense in conducting intel-ligence activities funded under the National Intelligence Program. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Report on management of certain programs of 
Defense intelligence elements (sec. 1636) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1629) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence to review the Science and Technology Research and For-eign Material Exploitation work being con-ducted by the intelligence elements of the Department of Defense and recommend any changes and realignment of organizations that should take place. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees continue to have concerns 
about the activities of the Intelligence Sys-tems Support Office which was transferred from the office of the Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence to the Air Force in fis-cal year 2015 and believes that there are sig-nificant synergies and potential savings to be gained through consolidation of these ac-tivities with other intelligence elements of the Department of Defense. The committees are also concerned about the Foreign Mate-rial Exploitation activities which were transferred in fiscal year 2015 as well and be-lieve that these elements could also be con-solidated with organizations elsewhere in the Defense Intelligence Enterprise. 
Report on Air National Guard contributions to 
the RQ–4 Global Hawk mission (sec. 1637) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1621) that would require the Sec-retary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, to sub-mit, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report to Congress on the feasibility of using the Air National Guard in association with the Active-Duty Air Force to operate and maintain the RQ–4 Global Hawk aircraft. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. Government Accountability Office review of in-
telligence input to the defense acquisition process (sec. 1638) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1630) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a comprehensive review of the processes and procedures for the integration of intelligence into the Department of Defense acquisition process. The review would include the inte-gration of intelligence on foreign capabili-ties into the acquisition process from initial requirement through deployment, including staffing and training of intelligence per-sonnel assigned to the program offices, as well as the procedures for identifying oppor-
tunities for weapon systems to collect intel-ligence, and accounting for the support re-quirements the weapon systems will place on the Defense Intelligence Enterprise once fielded. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees believe it is important to en-
sure that the Department is taking into con-sideration both intelligence assessments of potential adversaries, as well as the exquis-ite intelligence required to make new weap-on systems work to their fullest potential. 
Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
Codification and addition of liability protections 
relating to reporting on cyber incidents or penetrations of networks and information systems of certain contractors (sec. 1641) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1641) that would amend section 941 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) as a new sec-tion 393 of title 10, United States Code, and also amend section 391 of such title, to pro-vide for liability protection for covered con-tractors reporting cyber incidents to the De-partment of Defense through these two statutorily required mechanisms. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Authorization of military cyber operations (sec. 
1642) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1631) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense to develop, prepare, coordi-nate, and (when authorized by the President to do so) to conduct a military cyber oper-ation in response to malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power (as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)). 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify that the authority to con-duct cyber operations shall be exercised when appropriately authorized. 
The conferees note that nothing in this 
provision shall be construed to limit existing presidential or congressional power to au-thorize action. 
Limitation on availability of funds pending the 
submittal of integrated policy to deter ad-versaries in cyberspace (sec. 1643) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1633) that would prohibit the obli-gation or expenditure of $10.0 million of the unobligated balance of the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense to provide support services to the Executive Office of the Presi-dent, until the President submits to the con-gressional defense committees the inte-grated policy to deter adversaries in cyber-space required by section 941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00293 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.110 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6602 September 29, 2015 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
The conferees note that section 941 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (127 Stat. 837; Public Law 113– 66), required the President to establish an interagency process to provide for the devel-opment of an integrated policy to deter ad-versaries in cyberspace. The provision re-quired the President, not later than 270 days after the date of enactment, which occurred on December 26, 2013, to submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth that integrated policy to deter ad-versaries in cyberspace. The report required has not been provided. The conferees believe that an integrated policy to deter adver-saries in cyberspace is essential to ensuring the national security of the United States and countering the cyber threats posed by our adversaries. The conferees remain con-cerned that the failure to establish a well-ar-ticulated strategy for deterring potential ad-versaries from conducting cyber attacks, emboldens our adversaries and increases the likelihood of cyber attacks in the near fu-ture. 
Authorization for procurement of relocatable 
Sensitive Compartmented Information Facil-ity (sec. 1644) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1634) that would authorize $10.6 million of the unobligated amounts made available in fiscal years 2014 and 2015 for the Army for the procurement of a relocatable Sensitive Compartmented Information Facil-ity (SCIF) for the Cyber Center of Excellence at Fort Gordon, Georgia. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Designation of military department entity re-
sponsible for acquisition of critical cyber ca-pabilities (sec. 1645) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1631) that would direct the Sec-retary of Defense to designate within 90 days of the date of enactment an entity of the De-partment of Defense (DOD) to be responsible for the acquisition of critical cyber capabili-ties to include: (1) the unified platform, (2) a persistent cyber training environment, and (3) a cyber situational awareness and battle management system. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would clarify that the Secretary of De-fense shall designate an entity within a mili-tary department to be responsible for the critical cyber capabilities identified in the provision. 
Assessment of capabilities of United States 
Cyber Command to defend the United States from cyber attack (sec. 1646) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1636) that would require the Prin-cipal Cyber Advisor (PCA) to sponsor an independent panel to assess the ability of the National Mission Forces of the U.S. Cyber Command (CYBERCOM) to reliably prevent or block large-scale attacks on the United States by foreign powers with capabilities comparable to those of countries like China, Iran, North Korea, and Russia in the 2020 and 2025 timeframes. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would remove the requirement for an independent assessment. Evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of major 
weapon systems of the Department of De-fense (sec. 1647) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1635) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to evaluate the cyber vulnerabilities of every major Department of Defense weapons system by not later than December 31, 2019. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would require the updates to the con-gressional defense committees on activities undertaken in the evaluation of major weap-on systems occur as part of the quarterly cyber operations briefings required under section 484 of title 10, United States Code. 
Comprehensive plan and biennial exercises on 
responding to cyber attacks (sec. 1648) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1637) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to conduct national-level cyber exercises not less frequently than once every 2 years for a period of 6 years. In pre-paring and executing these exercises, the Secretary would be required to coordinate with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Di-rector of the FBI, and the heads of the crit-ical infrastructure sector-specific agencies designated under Presidential Policy Direc-tive 21. The Secretary also would be required to consult with governors of the States and the owners and operators of critical infra-structure. The exercises would be based on scenarios in which critical infrastructure is attacked through cyberspace and the Presi-dent directs the Secretary to defend the Na-tion and to provide support to civil authori-ties in responding and recovering from the attacks. 
The Senate amendment also contained a 
provision (sec. 1638) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop a com-prehensive plan for the United States Cyber Command to support civil authorities in re-sponding to cyber attacks by foreign powers against the United States or a United States person. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sions. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would combine both Senate provisions. 
In carrying out the requirements of this 
section concerning national-level cyber exer-cises, the conferees encourage the Depart-ment to coordinate activities with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, consistent with section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149), to the maximum extent practicable. The conferees believe such exercises should include opportunities to address the full spectrum of cyber defense and mitigation capabilities available to the Federal Government, and when appropriate should leverage existing National Cyber Ex-ercise programs, such as the Department of Homeland Security Biennial Cyber Storm Program. 
Sense of Congress on reviewing and considering 
findings and recommendations of Council of Governors on cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces (sec. 1649) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1639) that would express that it is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should review and consider any find-ings and recommendations of the Council of Governors pertaining to cyber mission force requirements and any proposed reductions in and synchronization of the cyber capabilities of active or reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
Assessment of threats to national leadership 
command, control, and communications sys-tem (sec. 1651) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1652) that would require the Council on Over-sight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System to col-lect and assess all reports and assessments conducted by the Intelligence Community regarding foreign threats, including cyber threats, to the command, control, and com-munications system for the national leader-ship of the United States and the vulnerabilities of such system to the threats. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Organization of nuclear deterrence functions of 
the Air Force (sec. 1652) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1651) that would require that, subject to the 
authority, direction, and control of the Sec-retary of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force shall be responsible for over-seeing the safety, security, effectiveness, and credibility of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. This section would also re-quire that, by March 1, 2016, the Chief of Staff designate a Deputy Chief of Staff to carry out the following duties: (1) provide di-rection, guidance, integration, and advocacy regarding the nuclear deterrence mission; (2) conduct monitoring and oversight activities regarding the safety, security, reliability, ef-fectiveness, and credibility of the nuclear de-terrence mission; and (3) conduct periodic comprehensive assessments of all aspects of the nuclear deterrence mission and provide such assessments to the Secretary and the Chief of Staff. This section would also re-quire that, by March 30, 2016, the Secretary shall consolidate, to the extent the Sec-retary determines appropriate, under a major command commanded by a single gen-eral officer, the responsibility, authority, ac-countability, and resources for carrying out the nuclear deterrence mission. The major command would be made responsible, to the extent the Secretary determines appro-priate, for carrying out all elements and ac-tivities related to nuclear deterrence, includ-ing nuclear weapons, nuclear weapon deliv-ery systems, and the nuclear command, con-trol, and communication system. The activi-ties would include planning and execution of modernization programs; procurement and acquisition; research, development, test, and evaluation; sustainment; operations; train-ing; safety and security; research, education, and applied science relating to nuclear deter-rence and assurance; and such other func-tions of the nuclear deterrence mission as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1641) that would require the Sec-retary of the Air Force to designate a senior acquisition official responsible for ensuring the procurement and integration of Air Force Nuclear, Command and Control (NC3) Systems. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would retain the requirement that the Chief of Staff of the Air Force be responsible for overseeing the safety, security, effective-ness, and credibility of the nuclear deter-rence mission of the Air Force as well as re-quiring the designation of a Deputy Chief of Staff to carry out the duties as listed in sec-tion 1651 of the House bill. The amendment contains a sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of the Air Force should consolidate, to the extent the Secretary determines ap-propriate, under a major command com-manded by a single general officer the re-sponsibility, authority, accountability, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00294 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.111 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6603 September 29, 2015 
resources for carrying out all aspects of the 
nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force and that this should be memorialized through a series of enduring directives and orders. The amendment further requires the Secretary of the Air Force to submit to the congressional defense committees a report no later than February 28, 2016 on what ac-tions have been taken or are planned to reor-ganize, streamline, and clarify responsibil-ities, authorities, accountability, and re-sources within the Air Force for the nuclear deterrence mission. This report must include what guidance, directives, and orders have been or will be issued to institutionalize these changes. 
Procurement authority for certain parts of inter-
continental ballistic missile fuzes (sec. 1653) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1653) that would authorize $13.7 million of the funds made available by this Act for Mis-sile Procurement, Air Force, for the procure-ment of certain commercially available parts for intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes, notwithstanding section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, under contracts en-tered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1645). 
The Senate recedes. 
Prohibition on availability of funds for de-alert-
ing intercontinental ballistic missiles (sec. 1654) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1657) that included a sense of Congress on the responsiveness and alert levels of interconti-nental ballistic missiles and would prohibit authorized funds for reducing, or preparing to reduce, the responsiveness or alert level of United States intercontinental ballistic mis-siles. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the sense of Congress and include a clarification that the prohibition does not apply to reductions carried out to comply with the New START treaty as long as such reductions are in compliance with Section 1644 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
Assessment of global nuclear environment (sec. 
1655) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1643) that would direct the Depart-ment of Defense Director of Net Assessment, in coordination with the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command, to conduct an assess-ment of the global security environment with respect to nuclear weapons and the role of United States nuclear forces, policy, and strategy in that environment. Not later than November 15, 2016, the Director of Net As-sessment shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on its findings. The assessment should include experts out-side the Department of Defense with par-ticular emphasis on those individuals and independent institutions with demonstrated expertise in strategy and net assessment methodology. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the findings and adjust the time period covered by the assessment to be 10 to 20 years. 
Annual briefing on the costs of forward deploy-
ing nuclear weapons in Europe (sec. 1656) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1654) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on specific costs re-lated to forward-deploying nuclear weapons 
in Europe no later than 30 days after the President submits to Congress the budget for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Report on the number of planned long-range 
standoff weapons (sec. 1657) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1659) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report to Congress on the justification of the number of planned nu-clear-armed cruise missiles, known as the Long Range Standoff Weapon, to the U.S. ar-senal. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Review of Comptroller General of the United 
States on recommendations relating to nu-clear enterprise of the Department of De-fense (sec. 1658) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1642) that would require the Comp-troller General of the United States to re-view the Department of Defense’s process for addressing the recommendations of the Nu-clear Enterprise Review and the Nuclear De-terrence Enterprise Review Group. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the requirement for a re-port and substitute a requirement for a brief-ing to the congressional defense committees. 
Sense of Congress on organization of Navy for 
nuclear deterrence mission (sec. 1659) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1656) that would express the sense of Con-gress that the safety, security, reliability, and credibility of the nuclear deterrent of the United States is a vital national security priority and that nuclear weapons require special consideration because of the political and military importance of the weapons. This provision also expresses that the Navy has repeatedly demonstrated its commit-ment to and prioritization of the nuclear de-terrence mission of the Navy and has put an emphasis on ensuring its nuclear weapons are safe, secure, reliable, and credible both ashore and at sea. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Sense of Congress on the nuclear force improve-
ment program of the Air Force (sec. 1660) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1647) that would express the sense of the Senate that the Air Force should regu-larly inform Congress on the progress being made under the nuclear force improvement program and its efforts to strengthen the nu-clear enterprise and make Congress aware of any additional actions that should be taken to optimize performance of the nuclear mis-sion of the Air Force and maximize the strength of the United States strategic de-terrent. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would change the sense of the Senate to a sense of the Congress and make technical and clarifying changes. 
Senses of Congress on importance of cooperation 
and collaboration between United States and United Kingdom on nuclear issues and on 60th anniversary of strategic systems programs (sec. 1661) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1655) that would express the sense of Con-gress that co-operation and collaboration 
under the 1958 Mutual Defense Agreement and the 1963 Polaris Sales Agreement are fundamental elements of the security of the United States and the United Kingdom, as well as international stability. Additionally, the recent renewal of these agreements are critical to sustaining and enhancing the ca-pabilities and knowledge base of both coun-tries regarding nuclear deterrence, nuclear nonproliferation and counterproliferation, and naval nuclear propulsion. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would add a sense of Congress com-memorating the 60th anniversary of the Navy’s Fleet Ballistic Missile Program. 
Sense of Congress on plan for implementation of 
nuclear enterprise reviews (sec. 1662) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1658) that would express the sense of Con-gress that the Secretary of Defense should submit to Congress a plan on how the Sec-retary plans to implement the full rec-ommendations of the two nuclear enterprise reviews. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Sense of Congress and report on milestone A de-
cision on long-range standoff weapon (sec. 1663) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1644) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to make a Milestone A de-cision on the Long-Range Standoff Weapon no later than May 31, 2016. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would transform the provision into a Sense of Congress with a reporting require-ment. 
Sense of Congress on policy on the nuclear triad 
(sec. 1664) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1646) that would express the sense of Congress that retaining all three legs of the nuclear triad is the highest priority mis-sion of the Department of Defense and will best maintain strategic stability at a reason-able cost, while hedging against potential technical problems and vulnerabilities. The provision states that it is the policy of the United States to sustain and modernize or replace the triad of strategic nuclear deliv-ery systems and that it is the policy of the United States to operate, sustain, and mod-ernize or replace a capability to forward-de-ploy nuclear weapons and dual capable fight-er-bomber aircraft. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Report relating to the costs associated with ex-
tending the life of the Minuteman III inter-
continental ballistic missile (sec. 1665) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1679) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit to Congress a report ex-amining the costs associated with extending the life of the Minuteman III interconti-nental ballistic missile compared to the costs associated with procuring a new ground-based strategic deterrent. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
changing the submission of the report from ‘‘Congress’’ to ‘‘congressional defense com-mittees.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00295 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.112 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6604 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs and 
Other Matters 
Prohibitions on providing certain missile defense 
information to Russian Federation (sec. 1671) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1661) that would prohibit the use of funds au-thorized to be appropriated for the Depart-ment of Defense to provide the Russian Fed-eration with ‘‘hit-to-kill’’ technology and te-lemetry data for missile defense interceptors or target vehicles and information relating to the velocity at burnout of missile defense interceptors or targets of the United States. This provision would also provide the Presi-dent with a single use waiver to provide Rus-sia with information regarding ballistic mis-sile early warning in the event the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command, and the Com-mander of U.S. European Command jointly certify to the President and the congres-sional defense committees that the provision of such information is required because of a failure of the early warning system of Rus-sia. The provision would allow the prohibi-tions to expire on January 1, 2031. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1659) that would amend Section 1246(c)(2) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 923), as amended by Sec-tion 1243(2)(A) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3564) to extend the limita-tion on providing certain sensitive missile defense information to the Russian Federa-tion through fiscal year 2017. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that removes the President’s single use waiv-er, clarifies that the provision does not pro-hibit the United States from providing early warning data to the Russian Federation, and allows the provision to expire on January 1, 2017. 
Prohibition on integration of missile defense sys-
tems of Russian Federation into missile de-fense systems of United States (sec. 1672) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1663) that would prohibit the use of any au-thorized funds by this Act for fiscal years 2016 through 2031 for the Department of De-fense or for the contributions of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation (NATO) to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States or NATO. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would prohibit the use of funds author-ized for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the De-partment of Defense to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States. 
Prohibition on integration of missile defense sys-
tems of China into missile defense systems of United States (sec. 1673) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1662) that would prohibit any authorized funds by this Act for fiscal year 2016 to be ob-ligated or expended for the integration of a missile defense system of the People’s Re-public of China into any missile defense sys-tem of the United States. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Limitations on availability of funds for Patriot 
lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army (sec. 1674) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1665) that would provide that none of the funds authorized to be appropriated for pro-
grams related to the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability that depend specifically on the results of the analysis of alternatives (AOA) regarding the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army, may be obligated or expended until the results of the AOA are submitted to the congressional defense committees. 
This section would also provide that the 
Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics could waive the application of the limitation in this section if the Under Secretary determines that it is necessary to prevent an unacceptable risk to mission performance of the Patriot system and notifies the congressional defense com-mittees of the decision to use such waiver authority. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would reduce the limitation to 30 days after the submission of the AOA to the con-gressional defense committees. 
The committees understand that the AOA 
will be completed by August 2015, prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2016. The com-mittees do not intend to limit funding for programs or technology that could support Patriot modernization regardless of the op-tions chosen based on the AOA. The commit-tees believe a modernized Patriot capability is vital to a robust air and missile defense capability of the Army, and that such capa-bility is further required for the protection of deployed U.S. Armed Forces and allied forces. The committees are committed to the modernization of Patriot and, elsewhere in this Act, recommend full funding of the budget request for these activities. 
Integration and interoperability of air and mis-
sile defense capabilities of the United States (sec. 1675) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1666) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to ensure the interoperability and integration of certain U.S. air and mis-sile defense systems. Additionally, it would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Secretary of the Army to conduct at least one intercept or flight test per year that demonstrates interoperability and integration among the covered air and missile defense capabilities, and would pro-vide waiver authority. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Integration and interoperability of allied missile 
defense capabilities (sec. 1676) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1667) that would require the Commander of U.S. European Command, the Commander of U.S. Central Command, and the Commander of U.S. Pacific Command to submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment of the opportunities for integration and interoperability of air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with those capabilities of allies of the United States, including carrying out the planning, risk assessments, policy develop-ment and concept of operations development necessary to assure the integration and interoperability of U.S. and allied air and missile defense capabilities by December 31, 2017. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar amendment. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would include interoperability in the title and that would make it clear that such integration and interoperability should be ensured to the extent that specific integra-
tion arrangements are agreeable to the part-ner nation or among the partner nations in-volved in those arrangements. 
Missile defense capability in Europe (sec. 1677) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1668) that would ensure the Aegis Ashore site to be deployed in the Republic of Poland has anti-air warfare (AAW) capability upon the site achieving full operating capability. It would also require that the Aegis Ashore site in Romania be retrofitted with AAW capa-bility no later than December 31, 2018. It would also require the Secretary to evaluate the feasibility, benefit, and cost of using the Evolved Sea Sparrow Missile or the Standard Missile-2 in providing the anti-air warfare capability. Additionally, it would require the Secretary of Defense to study no less than three sites in the U.S. European Command (EUCOM) area of responsibility for the de-ployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) battery; ensure that the THAAD battery is available for rota-tional deployment to the EUCOM area of re-sponsibility; and to examine sites to pre-po-sition such THAAD battery if such pre-posi-tion is necessary for military requirements. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1653) that would express the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the relevant combatant command, should ensure that ar-rangements are in place, including support from North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies, to provide anti-air defense ca-pability at all NATO missile defense sites in support of phases 2 and 3 of the European Phased Adaptive Approach. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port describing the plan of the Secretary to provide anti-air defense capability at the sites and the contributions being made by NATO to support the provision of the anti- air defense capability. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would state the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of Defense should ensure that arrangements are in place, including support from other members of NATO and the host nations, to provide air defense capa-bilities at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland by not later than June 1, 2019. The conference agreement would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit a request to NATO to support an air defense capability at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland. The Secretary shall submit a notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees by not later than April 1, 2016, as to whether NATO has agreed in principle to provide such capability. Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report de-scribing the plan and budget profile to pro-vide an air defense capability to the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland and an assessment of the air and ballistic missile threat to United States military installa-tions in Europe, including the Naval Shore Facility in Devesulu, Romania and the planned site in Redzikowo, Poland. The con-ferees also direct the Secretary of Defense to ensure, not later than 180 days after enact-ment, that a terminal high altitude area de-fense battery is available for rotational de-ployment to the area of responsibility of the United States European Command unless the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees that such a battery is needed in another combatant command’s area of re-sponsibility. The Secretary of Defense shall also implement the direction contained in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00296 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.113 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6605 September 29, 2015 
the classified annex of this Act bearing on 
this matter. 
Availability of funds for Iron Dome short-range 
rocket defense system (sec. 1678) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1669) that would make available $41.4 million for the Government of Israel to procure ra-dars for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system, subject to the terms and conditions of the ‘‘Agreement Between the Department of Defense and the United States of America and the Ministry of De-fense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement’’ and an amended agreement for co-production of radar components. 
The Senate amendment included a similar 
amendment (sec. 1654) that would authorize $41.4 million for the Department of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel to procure the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system, including for co-production of Iron Dome parts and components in the United States by United States industry. The provision would also provide that these funds shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the ‘‘Agreement Between the Department of Defense and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement,’’ signed on March 5, 2014, including any nego-tiated amendment to that agreement for co- production of Iron Dome radar components. 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Israeli cooperative missile defense program co- 
development and co-production (sec. 1679) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1670) that would authorize $165.0 million for procurement and co-production of the Da-vid’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier missile defense system. This pro-vision would further specify the terms and conditions that shall be achieved by the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics prior to the dis-bursement of the authorized funds. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1655) that would authorize $165.0 million for the Missile Defense Agency to provide to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor pro-gram, including for co-production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. The funds may be disbursed after certain conditions, which in-clude a certification by the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics that in the case of co- production for the David’s Sling Weapon System, not less than half of such co-produc-tion is carried out by United States indus-try. 
The House recedes to the Senate with an 
amendment that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics to certify that the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of key knowledge points; that such funds will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another mutually agreed matching amount; that the United States has entered into a bilateral agreement with Israel; that there is complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries to be procured; that technical milestones are established for co-production; that there is a joint approval process for third party sales; and that the level of co-production for the David’s Sling Weapon System is equal to or greater than 50 percent for U.S. industry. The Under Sec-retary may waive the certification if the funds are provided to Israel solely for fund-
ing the procurement of long-lead compo-nents and that the long-lead procurement will be conducted in a manner that maxi-mizes co-production in the United States without incurring additional non-recurring engineering activity or cost. The Director of the Missile Defense Agency would also be re-quired to submit to the Congress, at the same time the President submits to Congress the budget request for fiscal year 2017, a plan to achieve a rate of co-production by United States industry of parts and components of 
the David’s Sling Weapon System at a rate that is not less than 50 percent. 
Boost phase defense system (sec. 1680) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1672) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to prioritize technology investments to develop and field a boost phase missile de-fense system by fiscal year 2022 and ensure it can benefit multiple warfighter require-ments. It would also require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency establish a sen-ior level advisory group to recommend to the Director promising technologies that the Di-rector can evaluate for use as a boost phase missile defense layer and then provide a briefing to the congressional defense com-mittees no later than May 1, 2016 on the rec-ommendations of the advisory group. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 1658) that would prioritize technology investments in the Department of Defense to support efforts by the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) to develop and deploy a boost phase airborne laser weapon system by fiscal year 2025. The provision encourages collaboration and cooperation between MDA and other Department of Defense compo-nents, and directs the Secretary of Defense to provide the congressional defense commit-tees with a report, within 120 days of enact-ment of this Act, of Department of Defense efforts to develop and deploy a boost phase airborne laser weapon system for missile de-fense. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would prioritize feasible and cost-effec-tive efforts, would eliminate the require-ment for a senior level advisory group and require a report on the efforts of the Depart-ment of Defense to develop and deploy an airborne or other boost phase defense system by fiscal year 2025. The report should also in-clude recommendations from industry on emerging technologies that could be applied for boost phase missile defense, and an eval-uation by MDA of those recommendations. The conferees also encourage the Depart-ment of Defense to develop concept of oper-ations for those boost phase missile defense systems for which it intends to develop pro-totypes to accompany its fiscal year 2017 budget request. 
Development and deployment of multiple-object 
kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland (sec. 1681) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1671) that would express the sense of Con-gress that the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland is the highest pri-ority of the Missile Defense Agency; that the Missile Defense Agency is appropriately prioritizing the design, development, and de-ployment of the redesigned kill vehicle; and, the multiple-object kill vehicle is critical to the future of the ballistic missile defense of the U.S. homeland. This section would re-quire that the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency develop a highly reliable mul-tiple-object kill vehicle for the Ground- Based Midcourse Defense system, with rig-orous flight testing to occur no later than 2020, and the deployment of such vehicle as soon as practicable thereafter. This section would also require that the management of the multiple-object kill vehicle program be 
undertaken by the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency and would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to provide the funding profile required for the multiple-object kill vehicle program to the congressional defense committees no later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained a similar provi-
sion (sec. 1656) that would require the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency to conduct flight testing of the multi-object kill vehicle by not later than 2020 and field such vehicle as soon as technically practicable. The provi-sion would also direct that the management of the multi-object kill vehicle program shall report directly to the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the deployment of the multi-object kill vehicle as early as prac-ticable after rigorous flight testing is com-pleted and would require the fiscal year 2017 budget submission to reflect the funding pro-file necessary to meet the objectives of the multiple object kill vehicle program. 
Requirement to replace capability enhancement 
I exoatmospheric kill vehicles (sec. 1682) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1657) that would require the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all remaining ground-based interceptors of the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense system that are armed with the capability enhance-ment I exoatmospheric kill vehicle are re-placed with the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle before September 30, 2022. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Designation of preferred location of additional 
missile defense site in the United States and plan for expediting deployment time of such site (sec. 1683) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1678) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in consultation with the Commander of the United States North-ern Command, to designate the preferred lo-cation in the United States for the potential future deployment of a missile defense site not later than 30 days after the Secretary of Defense publishes the draft environmental impact statements (EIS) being conducted for the candidate sites. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1651) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to develop a plan for expe-diting the deployment time for a potential future continental United States interceptor site by at least 2 years, and submit to the congressional defense committees a report on such plan not later than 30 days after the transmittal of the EIS required by the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013. The provision would require the Comptroller General to assess the Depart-ment’s report on the deployment plan and submit a report to the congressional defense committees with findings and recommenda-tions. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Director of the Mis-sile Defense Agency, in consultation with the Commander of United States Northern Command, to designate the preferred loca-tion in the United States for the potential future deployment of a missile defense site not later than 30 days after the Secretary of Defense publishes the draft EIS pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013. The determination of such site should be based on operational effective-ness and cost effectiveness in addition to the results of the EIS. The Secretary would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00297 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.115 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6606 September 29, 2015 
permitted to submit any updates to the des-
ignation that he finds appropriate after the final EIS is submitted. According to the Mis-sile Defense Agency, the draft EIS is antici-pated to be completed and published in the Federal Register by January 2016 and the EIS is anticipated to be finalized between April and July of 2016. 
Not later than 30 days after the Secretary 
of Defense completes the final designation of the missile defense site, the Secretary of De-fense shall develop and submit to the con-gressional defense committees a plan for ex-pediting the deployment time for a potential future continental interceptor site by at least 2 years, in the case that the decision is made to proceed with such deployment. Not later than 90 days after the Secretary of De-fense submits the plan to Congress, the Comptroller General of the United States is to provide its assessment of that plan. The Secretary of Defense may not obligate or ex-pend such planning and design funds for mili-tary construction as are authorized in this Act until such date as the final EIS is pub-lished. 
Additional missile defense sensor coverage for 
the protection of United States homeland (sec. 1684) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1673) that would require the sea-based X- band (SBX) radar to be relocated to a new homeport on the East Coast of the United States no later than December 31, 2020, and shall have an at-sea capability of not less than 120 days per year. Prior to relocating the sea-based X-band radar, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) would be required to certify that the relocation would not impact the missile defense of Hawaii. Additionally, this provision would require the Director of MDA to begin siting studies, environmental impact surveys, and any other appropriate studies and evaluations to base the sea-based X-band radar at a site on the East Coast. 
The Senate bill contained a similar provi-
sion (sec. 1652) that would require the Direc-tor of MDA, in cooperation with the relevant combatant command, to deploy by not later than December 31, 2020, a long-range dis-crimination radar or other appropriate tracking and discrimination sensor capabili-ties in a location optimized to support the defense of the homeland of the United States against emerging long-range ballistic missile threats from Iran. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would express the sense of the Congress that additional missile defense sensor dis-crimination capabilities are needed to en-hance the protection of the United States homeland against potential long-range bal-listic missiles from Iran. Accordingly, the Director of MDA shall, in cooperation with the relevant combatant command, deploy by not later than December 31, 2020, a long- range discrimination radar or other appro-priate sensor capability in a location opti-mized to support the defense of the homeland of the United States from emerging long- range ballistic missile threats from Iran. The Director of MDA shall commence any siting studies and other required evaluations nec-essary to carry out the homeport reassign-ment of the SBX to the east coast. The Di-rector of MDA shall commence a study to evaluate at least three possible additional locations, selected by the Director of MDA, that would be best suited for future deploy-ment of an advanced missile defense sensor site at a location, whether in the United States or not, optimized against threats from Iran. In the event that the Department of Defense determines to move the SBX to the east coast, such a relocation may not be carried out until the date on which the Di-rector of MDA certifies to the congressional 
defense committees that Hawaii will have adequate missile defense coverage prior to any reassignment of the homeport of the SBX. The Director of MDA shall include in the budget request for each fiscal year until December 31, 2020 an update on his progress in implementing this provision. 
Concept development of space-based missile de-
fense layer (sec. 1685) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1675) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA), no later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to commence a concept definition, design, research, development, and engineer-ing evaluation of a space-based ballistic mis-sile intercept and defeat layer to the bal-listic missile defense system, and submit a report to the congressional defense commit-tees on the findings of such concept develop-ment no later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion, but included language in the report ac-companying its bill, that would request a re-port from the Missile Defense Agency on the need for a space-based interceptor layer, as-sessment of the maturity of necessary tech-nology, and an estimate of the effectiveness and cost of such a space-based missile de-fense layer. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Director of the Mis-sile Defense Agency, in coordination with the Director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Project Agency and the Secretary of the Air Force, to commence the concept defi-nition of a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer and report its findings to the defense committees not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. The conference agreement does not include the language in the original House provision that would direct MDA to begin design, engi-neering evaluations, or research and develop-ment on a space-based layer. Not later than March 31, 2016, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall provide to the congres-sional defense committees an interim brief-ing on the plan described in subsection (c) (2). In light of this conference agreement, the Missile Defense Agency does not have to sub-mit to the congressional defense committees the report on a space-based missile defense interceptor as directed in the Senate Report 114–49 accompanying the Senate bill. 
Aegis ashore capability development (sec. 1686) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1676) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordination with the chief of Naval Operations and the Chief of Staff of the Army, to evaluate the role, feasibility, cost, and cost benefit of addi-tional Aegis Ashore sites and upgrades to current ballistic missile defense system sen-sors to offset capacity demands on current Aegis ships, Aegis Ashore sites, and Patriot and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ca-pability and to meet the requirements of the combatant commanders. Such review would be further reviewed and evaluated by the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. It would further re-quire that the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Secretary of State to jointly identify any obstacles to foreign military sales of Aegis Ashore or co-financ-ing of additional Aegis Ashore sites. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that includes certain technical changes that would eliminate the requirement for the President to enter into negotiations on host nation agreements for Aegis Ashore sites. The conferees also add direction that the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs include in their evaluation rec-ommendations for potential future locations of Aegis Ashore sites. 
Development of requirements to support inte-
grated air and missile defense capabilities (sec. 1687) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1677) that would require the Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff to provide the appro-priate congressional committees a briefing on the military requirement for left-of- launch capability and any current capability gaps in meeting such requirement. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would direct the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to oversee the develop-ment of warfighter requirements for per-sistent and survivable capabilities to detect, identify, determine the status, track, and support engagement of strategically impor-tant mobile or relocatable assets. The re-quirements shall be used for the purpose of informing applicable acquisition programs (including those involving systems-of-sys-tems required to integrate multiple inputs and outputs of related left-of-launch infor-mation) and architecture planning funded through the Military Intelligence Program, the National Intelligence Program, and non- intelligence programs. The Vice Chairman shall also oversee the development of the en-abling framework for intelligence support to integrated air and missile defense and, as ap-propriate, the development of requirements for capabilities to be acquired to achieve in-tegrated operation. 
Extension of requirement for Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States review and assess-ment of missile defense acquisition programs (sec. 1688) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1075) that would repeal or revise reporting requirements related to missile defense. These requirements include removing annual reports on the Missile Defense Executive Board, and removing a required report on the Ground-based Midcourse Defense system. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1660) that would amend section 232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) and would extend various reporting requirements by an additional 5 years to Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States reviews and assess-ments of missile defense acquisition pro-grams. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. We note that several annual re-porting requirements directed toward the Missile Defense Agency have expired and urge the Department to update its report database accordingly. 
Plan for medium range ballistic missile defense 
sensor alternatives for enhanced defense of Hawaii (sec. 1689) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1674) that would express the sense of Con-gress regarding ballistic missile defense sen-sor and sensor discrimination capability. This provision would further require the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency to con-duct an evaluation of potential options for fielding a medium range ballistic missile de-fense sensor for the defense of Hawaii. Such evaluation would have to be submitted to the congressional defense committees no later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would change the required plan to a re-quired report on options for augmenting the missile defense of Hawaii. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00298 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.116 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6607 September 29, 2015 
Milestone A decision for the Conventional 
Prompt Global Strike Weapons System (sec. 1690) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1673) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to make a Milestone A de-cision for the conventional prompt global strike program no later than September 30, 2020, or 8 months after the successful comple-tion of the Intermediate Range Flight 2 test. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would transform the provision into a sense of Congress with a reporting require-ment. The conferees expect the Department to include in the required report whether there are any potential ambiguity problems created by conventional prompt global strike capability, including any involving the launch of a conventionally-armed bal-listic missile from a submarine platform, that it is aware of as of the date of the Mile-stone A acquisition decision, and if so, to also include in the required report what spe-cific measures he is recommending to ad-dress those problems. Additionally, such re-port should include whether there are any appropriate bilateral cooperative or verification measures he recommends and the timeline for decision and implementa-tion of such measures and their cost. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOT ADOPTED  
Clarification of annual briefing on the intel-
ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance re-quirements of the combatant commands 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1627) that would include the United States Special Operations Command in the annual briefing required under section 1626 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees expect any U.S. Special Op-
erations Command ISR requirements to be briefed to the defense committees within the existing combatant command briefing struc-ture as defined under section 1626 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
Comprehensive plan of Department of Defense 
to support civil authorities in response to cyber attacks by foreign powers 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1638) that would require the Sec-retary of Defense to develop a comprehensive plan for the United States Cyber Command to support civil authorities in responding to cyber attacks by foreign powers against the United States or a United States person. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that elsewhere in the 
conference agreement a comprehensive plan on Department of Defense support to civil authorities is required as part of a provision requiring the Secretary of Defense to con-duct national-level cyber exercises. 
Limitation on availability of funds for long- 
range discriminating radar 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
1664) that would prohibit any authorized funds by this Act for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary construction of the Long-Range Dis-criminating Radar (LRDR) until the Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evalua-tion submits an assessment, no later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act, to the congressional defense committees con-cerning the cost of the sensor architecture required, and that the Commander, U.S. Strategic Command and the Commander, U.S. Northern Command jointly certify the proposed site for the LRDR best supports 
missile defense and space situational aware-ness. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees direct 
the Commander of U.S. Northern Command, jointly with the Commander of U.S. Air Force Space Command, the Director, Missile Defense Agency, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees not later than April 1, 2016 concerning the plan for the Cobra Dane radar capability at Shemya, Alaska, including the military re-quirements it currently serves and whether those requirements will continue to require a material capability solution, including those requirements not related to missile de-fense; and any sustainment and moderniza-tion decision timelines and costs. 
Sense of Congress on maintaining and enhanc-
ing military intelligence support to force protection for installations, facilities, and personnel of the Department of Defense 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
1674) that would provide a sense of Congress on the importance of military intelligence for force protection. 
The House-reported bill contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
D
IVISION B—M ILITARY CONSTRUCTION  
AUTHORIZATIONS  
Summary and explanation of funding tables 
Division B of this Act would authorize 
funding for military construction projects of the Department of Defense (DOD). It in-cludes funding authorizations for the con-struction and operation of military family housing as well as military construction for the reserve components, the defense agen-cies, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation (NATO) Security Investment Pro-gram. It would also provide authorization for the base closure accounts that fund military construction, environmental cleanup, and other activities required to implement the decisions in base closure rounds. 
Short title (sec. 2001) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2001) that would designate division B of this Act as the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2001). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Expiration of authorizations and amounts re-
quired to be specified by law (sec. 2002) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2002) that would ensure that the authoriza-tions provided in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX of this Act shall expire on Oc-tober 1, 2018, or the date of enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construc-tion for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2002). 
The House recedes. 
Effective date (sec. 2003) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2003) that would provide that titles XXI, XXII, XXIII, XXIV, XXV, XXVI, XXVII, and XXIX of this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2015, or the date of enactment of this Act, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would not include title XXIX for Over-seas Contingency Operations funding. 
T
ITLE XXI—A RMYMILITARY CONSTRUCTION  
Summary 
The budget request included authorization 
of appropriations of $743.3 million for mili-tary construction and $493.2 million for fam-
ily housing for the Army for fiscal year 2016. 
The conference agreement includes author-
ization of appropriations of $727.7 million for military construction and $493.2 million for family housing for the Army for fiscal year 2016. 
Both the House bill and the Senate amend-
ment cut $43.0 million operations center in San Antonio and the $37.0 million instruc-tion building at Joint Base Meyer-Henderson Hall from the President’s budget request. Therefore, funding was not included for these projects. 
The conference agreement includes funding 
for two access control point projects at Fort Meade and $30.0 million for an Arlington Na-tional Cemetery Defense Access Road project in accordance with the unfunded priorities of the Army. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Authorized Army construction and land acquisi-
tion projects (sec. 2101) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2101) that would contain the list of author-ized Army construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-installation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects au-thorized at each location. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2101). 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Family housing (sec. 2102) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2102) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Army for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2102). 
The conference agreement includes the 
provision. 
Improvements to military family housing units 
(sec. 2103) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2103) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to make improvements to existing units of family housing for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2103). 
The conference agreement includes the 
provision. 
Authorization of appropriations, Army (sec. 
2104) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2104) that would authorize appropriations for Army military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2104). 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the amounts asso-
ciated with the following projects remain available under the original project author-ization: 
(1) $226.4 million (the balance of the 
amount authorized under section 2101(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291) for a Command and Control Facility at Fort Shafter, Hawaii); 
(2) $6.0 million (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2101(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2119) for cadet barracks at the United States Military Academy, New York); and 
(3) $78.0 million (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2101(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00299 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.116 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6608 September 29, 2015 
239; 126 Stat. 2119), as amended by section 
2105(d) of this Act, for a Secure Administra-tion/Operations Facility at Fort Belvoir, Vir-ginia). 
Modification of authority to carry out certain 
fiscal year 2013 project (sec. 2105) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2105) that would modify the authority pro-vided by section 2101 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239) and authorize the Secretary of the Army to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2105). 
The conference agreement includes the 
provision. 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2012 projects (sec. 2106) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2106) that would extend the authorization of a certain projects originally authorized in section 2101 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2106). 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2013 projects (sec. 2107) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2107) that would extend the authorization of certain projects originally authorized by sec-tion 2101 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2107). 
The House recedes. 
Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal 
year 2016 projects (sec. 2108) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2108) that would authorize a military con-struction project in the amount of $6.0 mil-lion to construct a multi-sport athletic field and track and perimeter road and fencing and acquire approximately 5 acres of land ad-jacent to the existing Sterrebeek Dependent School site in Brussels, Belgium, to allow re-location of Army functions to the site in support of the European Infrastructure Con-solidation effort. In addition, this section would authorize a payment-in-kind project in the amount of $12.4 million to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion that would authorize the payment-in- kind project but not the project related to the Sterrebeek Dependent School (sec. 2108). 
The House recedes. The conferees have included another provi-
sion elsewhere in the bill to amend a prior year authorization for the Sterrebeek De-pendent School to allow the additional land purchase and improvements. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Limitation on construction of new facilities at 
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2109) that would limit funding au-thorized by the bill for new facilities at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional de-fense committees that any new construction of facilities at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have enduring military value independent of a high-value detention mission. The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
T
ITLE XXII—N AVYMILITARY CONSTRUCTION  
Summary 
The budget request included authorization 
of appropriations of $1.6 billion for military construction and $369.6 million for family housing for the Navy for fiscal year 2016. 
The conference agreement includes author-
ization of appropriations of $1.6 billion for military construction and $369.6 million for family housing for the Navy for fiscal year 2016. 
The conferees are concerned with the 
Navy’s proposal to construct civilian infra-structure not directly related to military ac-tivities at Townsend Range, Georgia. There-fore, the conference agreement does not in-clude $5.0 million for the two civilian fire stations included within the project request for the Townsend Range expansion. 
The conference agreement includes funding 
for two projects from the Marine Corps un-funded requirements list—$11.2 million for the KC–130J Enlisted Air Crew Trainer at Miramar, California, and $23.3 million for Air Field Security Improvements at Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station, North Caro-lina. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Authorized Navy construction and land acquisi-
tion projects (sec. 2201) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2201) that would contain the list of author-ized Navy construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-installation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects au-thorized at each location. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2201). 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Family housing (sec. 2202) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2202) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Department of the Navy for fis-cal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2202). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Improvements to military family housing units 
(sec. 2203) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2203) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to make improvements to existing units of family housing for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2203). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Authorization of appropriations, Navy (sec. 
2204) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2204) that would authorize appropriations for Navy military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2204). 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the amounts asso-
ciated with the following projects remain available under the original project author-ization: 
(1) $274,099,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2201(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1666) for an explosive handling wharf at Kitsap, Washington); and (2) $68,196,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2201(b) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111– 84; 123 Stat. 2633) for ramp parking at Joint Region Marianas, Guam). 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2012 projects (sec. 2205) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2205) that would extend the authorizations listed, and originally included in section 2201 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 11281), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2205). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2013 projects (sec. 2206) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2206) that would extend the authorizations listed until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2206). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Townsend Bombing Range expansion, Phase 2 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2207) that would provide special conveyance authority to the Secretary of the Navy for two fire and emergency response stations as part of the land acquisition agreement to support emergency services for Townsend Bombing Range Expansion, Phase 2, Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, Townsend, Geor-gia. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
T
ITLE XXIII—A IRFORCE MILITARY  
CONSTRUCTION  
Summary 
The budget request included authorization 
of appropriations of $1.4 billion for military construction and $491.7 million for family housing for the Air Force in fiscal year 2016. 
The conference agreement includes author-
ization of appropriations of $1.4 billion for military construction and $491.7 million for family housing for the Air Force in fiscal year 2016. 
The conference agreement includes $21.0 
million for a Communications Facility at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona, in accordance with the unfunded priorities of the Air Force. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Authorized Air Force construction and land ac-
quisition projects (sec. 2301) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2301) that would contain the list of author-ized Air Force construction projects for fis-cal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-installation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2301). 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Family housing (sec. 2302) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2302) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Air Force for fiscal year 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00300 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.118 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6609 September 29, 2015 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2302). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Improvements to military family housing units 
(sec. 2303) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2303) that would authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make improvements to ex-isting units of family housing for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2303). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Authorization of appropriations, Air Force (sec. 
2304) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2304) that would authorize appropriations for Air Force military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2304). 
The House recedes. 
Modification of authority to carry out certain 
fiscal year 2010 project (sec. 2305) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2305) that would modify the authority pro-vided by section 2301 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84) and au-thorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2305). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Modification of authority to carry out certain 
fiscal year 2014 project (sec. 2306) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2306) that would modify the authority pro-vided by section 2301 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66) and au-thorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. This section would also require a notifica-tion and 14-day wait period, or 7-day wait pe-riod if submitted via electronic medium, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the selected project location before com-mencing construction. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2306). 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would include a congressional notifica-tion requirement. 
Modification of authority to carry out certain 
fiscal year 2015 project (sec. 2307) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2307) that would modify the authority pro-vided by section 2301 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291) to au-thorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2307). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Extension of authorization of certain fiscal year 
2012 project (sec. 2308) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2308) that would extend the authorization listed, originally provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2308). 
The conference agreement includes the 
House provision. 
Extension of authorization of certain fiscal year 
2013 project (sec. 2309) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2309) that would extend the authorization listed, originally provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2309). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Certification of optimal location for Joint Intel-
ligence Analysis Complex and plan for rota-tion of forces at Lajes Field, Azores (sec. 2310) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2310) that would restrict funding for the con-struction of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex Consolidation, Phase 2, at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, until the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordina-tion with the Director of the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, submits a report to the con-gressional defense committees and would also limit actions to realign forces at Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, until the Secretary of Defense made certain determinations. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provisions. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to certify to the congressional defense com-mittees that the Secretary has determined that Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, remains the optimal location for recapitalization of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex before amounts may be ex-pended for the construction of the Joint In-telligence Analysis Complex Consolidation, Phase 2, at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, as authorized by section 2301(b). The Secretary of Defense would also be required to submit to the congressional defense committees a determination of the operational viability of Lajes Field, Azores, for certain uses. If the Secretary of Defense determines that Lajes Field is a viable op-tion for certain uses, the Secretary would be required to submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan for such uses. 
T
ITLE XXIV—D EFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY  
CONSTRUCTION  
Summary 
The budget request included authorization 
of appropriations of $2.3 billion for military construction for the defense agencies and $58.7 million for family housing for the de-fense agencies for fiscal year 2016. 
The conference agreement includes author-
ization of appropriations of $2.3 billion for military construction for the defense agen-cies and $58.7 million for family housing for the defense agencies for fiscal year 2016. 
The budget request included $239.9 million 
for the Hospital Replacement, Increment 7 at Fort Bliss, Texas. The conferees support the authorization for appropriations in an amount equivalent to the ability of the mili-tary department to execute in the year of the authorization for appropriations. For this project, the conferees believe that the Department of Defense has exceeded its abil-ity to fully expend the funding requested for fiscal year 2016. As such, the conference agreement recommends $189.9 million, a re-duction of $50.0 million, for this project. 
The budget request included $47.2 million 
for the SOF Logistics Support Unit One Ops Fac. #2 at Naval Base Coronado, California. 
The conferees note that the utilities needed to support this facility are not available and are not programmed until fiscal year 2017. Without these utilities, the conferees note that the facility would not be complete and useable. While the conferees support the re-quirement for this project, and the con-ference agreement includes $47.2 million for this project, the conferees expect the Depart-ment of Defense to sequence the construc-tion of this project in a manner that ensures the required supporting utilities are avail-able at the time the construction is com-plete. 
The budget request included $10.0 million 
for contingency construction at various world-wide locations. The conferees note that the Department of Defense has not re-quested a military construction project using funds from this account since 2008. As such, the conference agreement recommends no funds, a reduction of $10.0 million, for this program. 
In addition, the conferees recommend an 
increase of funding for a military construc-tion project not included in the budget re-quest, $30.0 million for the Missile Defense Agency Military Construction Planning and Design activities for an East Coast site for homeland missile defense. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Authorized defense agencies construction and 
land acquisition projects (sec. 2401) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2401) that would contain the list of author-ized defense agencies’ construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-installation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2401). 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Authorized energy conservation projects (sec. 
2402) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2402) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out energy conservation projects valued at a cost greater than $3.0 million at the amounts authorized for each project at a specific location. This section would also authorize the sum total of projects across various locations, each project of which is less than $3.0 million. This section would also preclude the ability to set-aside operation and maintenance fa-cilities restoration and modernization funds for the exclusive purpose of funding energy projects. It would require installation energy projects to compete in the normal process of determining installation requirements. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2402). 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Authorization of appropriations, defense agen-
cies (sec. 2403) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2403) that would authorize appropriations for defense agencies’ military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of divi-sion D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2403). 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
The conferees note that the amounts asso-
ciated with the following projects remain available under the original project author-ization: 
(1) $20,800,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(b) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00301 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.119 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6610 September 29, 2015 
239; 126 Stat. 2129) for the Aegis Ashore Mis-
sile Defense System Complex at Deveselu, Romania); 
(2) $141,039,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1672), as amended by section 2404(a) of the Military Construction Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2131), for a data center at Fort Meade, Maryland); 
(3) $50,500,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1672) for an Ambulatory Care Center at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland); 
(4) $54,300,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1672) for an Ambulatory Care Center at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas); and 
(5) $123,827,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized as a Military Construction, De-fense-Wide project by title X of the Supple-mental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1888) for a data center at Camp Williams, Utah). 
The conferees also note that overlapping 
statutory authorities between title 10, United States Code, and title 50, United States Code, have resulted in challenges and delays in executing a recent emergency mili-tary construction project. Specifically, the overlap found in section 2803 of title 10, United States Code, and section 3304 of title 50, United States Code, resulted in a signifi-cant delay in a request for emergency funds. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to provide a brief-ing to the congressional defense committees and the congressional intelligence commit-tees not later than March 1, 2016, on the stat-utory authorities for infrastructure invest-ments that support both the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. The briefing should include a comparison of authorities found in both titles for infra-structure investments, a discussion of any discrepancies between the authorities, the impact that identified discrepancies may have on the timely execution of an infra-structure investment, and, if necessary, rec-ommendations for legislation to clarify or streamline the statutory authorities to en-sure the timely and effective execution of an infrastructure investment. 
Furthermore, the conferees expect sup-
porting classified material for any ongoing or future classified projects to be delivered to the congressional defense committees in a more timely fashion, to ensure proper over-sight and consideration is given to these projects. 
Modification of authority to carry out certain 
fiscal year 2012 project (sec. 2404) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2404) that would modify the authority pro-vided by section 2401 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81), as amended, to authorize the Secretary of De-fense to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construc-tion project. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2404). 
The House recedes. 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2012 projects (sec. 2405) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2405) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally authorized by section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2405). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2013 projects (sec. 2406) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2406) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally authorized by section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2406). 
The House recedes. 
Modification and extension of authority to 
carry out fiscal year 2014 project (sec. 2407) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2407) that would modify the authority pro-vided by section 2401 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66), to au-thorize the Secretary of Defense to make certain modifications to the scope of a pre-viously authorized construction project. This provision would also extend the authoriza-tion authority of the project through Octo-ber 1, 2018, or the date of enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construc-tion for fiscal year 2019. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2407). 
The House recedes. 
Modification of authority carry out certain fis-
cal year 2015 projects (sec. 2408) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2108) that would authorize a military con-struction project in the amount of $6.0 mil-lion to construct a multi-sport athletic field and track and perimeter road and fencing and acquire approximately 5 acres of land ad-jacent to the existing Sterrebeek Dependent School site in Brussels, Belgium, to allow re-location of Army functions to the site in support of the European Infrastructure Con-solidation effort. In addition, this section would authorize a payment-in-kind project in the amount of $12.4 million to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion that would authorize the payment-in- kind project but not the project related to the Sterrebeek Dependent School (sec. 2108). 
The conference agreement includes a new 
provision, which would amend the authoriza-tion contained in section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of P.L. 113–291) for the Sterrebeek Dependent School to allow the additional land purchase and improvements. 
T
ITLE XXV—N ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGA-
NIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  
Summary 
The Department of Defense requested au-
thorization of appropriations of $120.0 mil-lion for military construction in fiscal year 2016 for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) Security Investment Program. The conference agreement includes this amount. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Authorized NATO construction and land acqui-
sition projects (sec. 2501) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2501) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to make contributions to the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program in an amount equal to the sum of the amount specifically authorized in section 2502 of this Act and the amount col-lected from the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization as a result of construction pre-viously financed by the United States. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2501). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Authorization of appropriations, NATO (sec. 
2502) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2502) that would authorize appropriations for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se-curity Investment Program at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2502). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
T
ITLE XXVI—G UARD AND RESERVE FORCES  
FACILITIES  
Summary 
The Department of Defense requested au-
thorization of appropriations of $517.3 mil-lion for military construction in fiscal year 2016 for facilities for the National Guard and reserve components. 
The conference agreement includes author-
ization of appropriations of $619.3 million for military construction in fiscal year 2016 for facilities for the National Guard and reserve components. 
The conference agreement includes three 
Army National Guard projects from the un-funded priority list—a $4.5 million vehicle maintenance shop at Camp Foley, Alabama, a $6.8 million tactical aerial unmanned sys-tems facility at Fort Stewart, Georgia, and a $40.0 million aviation classification and re-pair facility at Gulfport, Mississippi. 
The conference agreement includes two 
Army Reserve projects from the unfunded priority list – a $10.2 million access control point at Fort Buchanan, Puerto Rico, and a $24.0 million equipment concentration facil-ity at Fort A.P. Hill, Virginia. 
The conference agreement includes one Air 
National Guard project from the unfunded priority list—a $6.1 million Space Control Facility at Cape Canaveral Air Force Sta-tion, Florida. 
The Conference agreement includes one 
Air Force Reserve project from the unfunded priority list – a $10.4 million Fire Station/Se-curity Complex at Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Georgia. 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorizations of Appropriations 
Authorized Army National Guard construction 
and land acquisition projects (sec. 2601) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2601) that would contain the list of author-ized Army National Guard construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-in-stallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each loca-tion. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2601). 
The House recedes. 
Authorized Army Reserve construction and land 
acquisition projects (sec. 2602) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2602) that would contain the list of author-ized Army Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-installation basis. The state list contained in this Act is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00302 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.120 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6611 September 29, 2015 
intended to be the binding list of the specific 
projects authorized at each location. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2602). 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. 
Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Re-
serve construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2603) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2603) that would contain the list of author-ized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an in-stallation-by-installation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects au-thorized at each location. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2603). 
The Senate recedes. 
Authorized Air National Guard construction 
and land acquisition projects (sec. 2604) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2604) that would contain the list of author-ized Air National Guard construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-in-stallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each loca-tion. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2604). 
The Senate recedes with a technical 
amendment. 
Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and 
land acquisition projects (sec. 2605) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2605) that would contain the list of author-ized Air Force Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installation-by-installation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2605). 
The House recedes. 
Authorization of appropriations, National 
Guard and Reserve (sec. 2606) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2606) that would authorize appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve military construction at the levels identified in sec-tion 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2606). 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
Modification and extension of authority to 
carry out certain fiscal year 2013 project (sec. 2611) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2611) that would modify the authority pro-vided by section 2602 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239) to au-thorize the Secretary of the Army to make certain modifications to the scope of a pre-viously authorized construction project. This section would also extend the authorization listed until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2611). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Modification of authority to carry out certain 
fiscal year 2015 projects (sec. 2612) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2612) that would modify the au-thorizations contained in section 2604 and 
2605 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291), for construction of a Guardian Angel Operations facility at Davis– Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, and con-struction of a consolidated Secure Compart-mented Information Facility at Fort Smith Municipal Airport, Arkansas to provide for increased costs associated with these projects. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2012 projects (sec. 2613) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2612) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally provided by section 2602 the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2613). 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal 
year 2013 projects (sec. 2614) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2613) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally provided by sections 2601, 2602, and 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (divi-sion B of Public Law 112–239) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2614). 
The Senate recedes. 
T
ITLE XXVII—B ASEREALIGNMENT AND  
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES  
Summary 
The budget request included $251.3 million 
for the ongoing cost of environmental reme-diation and other activities necessary to continue implementation of the 1988, 1991, 1993, 1995, and 2005 Base Realignment and Closure rounds. 
The conference agreement includes this 
amount. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Authorization of appropriations for Base Re-
alignment and Closure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Clo-sure Account (sec. 2701) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2701) that would authorize appropriations for ongoing activities that are required to im-plement the Base Realignment and Closure activities authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510), at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 2701). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Prohibition on conducting additional Base Re-
alignment and Closure (BRAC) round (sec. 2702) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2702) that would state that nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an addi-tional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round, affirming congressional intent to re-ject the budget request to authorize another BRAC round in 2017. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2702). 
The Senate recedes. T
ITLE XXVIII—M ILITARY CONSTRUCTION  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
and Military Family Housing Changes 
Revision of congressional notification thresholds 
for Reserve facility expenditures and con-tributions to reflect congressional notifica-tion thresholds for minor construction and repair projects (sec. 2801) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2801) that would align reserve component minor construction and repair thresholds with the threshold specified in chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2814). 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of temporary, limited authority to use 
operation and maintenance funds for con-struction projects in certain areas outside the United States (sec. 2802) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2803) that would reauthorize con-tingency construction authority in certain areas outside the United States for an addi-tional year. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Defense laboratory modernization pilot program 
(sec. 2803) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2803) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out a pilot program, using amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for Research, De-velopment, Test, and Evaluation, such mili-tary construction projects for any Depart-ment of Defense Science and Technology Re-invention Laboratory or Department of De-fense federally funded research and develop-ment center as are authorized in the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act. This section would also limit the maximum amount that may be obligated in any fiscal year under this authority at $150.0 million and would expire on October 1, 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2805). 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Temporary authority for acceptance and use of 
contributions from Kuwait for construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait Military Forces (sec. 2804) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2802) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the Sec-retary of State, to accept contributions from the Government of the State of Kuwait in support of construction, maintenance, and repair projects within Kuwait that are mutu-ally beneficial to the Department of Defense and the Kuwait military forces. The section would also limit the maximum amount the Secretary of Defense may obligate to $50.0 million annually, require a congressional no-tification with 21-day wait period, 14-day pe-riod if notification is provided in electronic medium, for projects exceeding the thresh-olds prescribed by section 2805, title 10, United States Code, and expire on September 30, 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2801) that would amend subchapter II of Chapter 138 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to accept cash contribu-tions from partner countries for the purpose of the payment of costs in connection with mutually beneficial construction, mainte-nance, and repair projects. Such projects would be required to support bilateral de-fense cooperation agreement, or otherwise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00303 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.122 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6612 September 29, 2015 
benefit the United States, as determined by 
the Secretary of Defense. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would limit the authorization to Ku-wait, provide a temporary authority through September 30, 2020, and require a congres-sional notification. 
Conveyance to Indian tribes of relocatable mili-
tary housing units at military installations in the United States (sec. 2805) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2806) that would permit service sec-retaries to convey excess relocatable mili-tary housing units to certain Indian tribes, at no cost, and without consideration. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
Protection of Department of Defense installa-
tions (sec. 2811) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 1042) that would authorize the Sec-retary of Defense to protect the buildings, grounds, and property that are under the ju-risdiction, custody, or control of the Depart-ment of Defense (DOD) and persons on that property. The provision provides that the Secretary may designate personnel to: (1) en-force federal laws and regulations for the protection of persons and property; (2) carry firearms; (3) make arrests; and (4) conduct investigations of offenses against the prop-erty of the DOD. This new authority would not apply in those locations currently under the protection of the Federal Protective Service, for example, office buildings pro-vided by the General Services Administra-tion in which DOD organizations are ten-ants. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a clarifying 
amendment. 
Enhancement of authority to accept conditional 
gifts of real property on behalf of military service academies (sec. 2812) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2811) that would provide consistency across the military service academies on the ac-ceptance of a gift of real property, if the gift of such real property is conditioned upon the property bearing a specified name. This sec-tion would authorize the military service academies to accept such a gift if the accept-ance and naming would not reflect unfavor-ably on the United States, and the real prop-erty has not otherwise been named by an act of Congress. This section would also require the secretaries of the military departments to issue uniform regulations governing cir-cumstances under which gifts conditioned on naming rights may be accepted. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would restrict the ability to delegate this authority to only individuals appointed by the President and confirmed by the Sen-ate. 
Utility systems conveyance authority (sec. 2813) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2811) that would clarify section 2688(j) of title 10, United States Code, to allow for conveyance of additional utility systems to an entity already operating other utility systems on a joint base if doing so would be in the best interest of the govern-ment and is supported by an independent cost estimate. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with a technical amend-
ment. The conferees note that there has been 
confusion about whether the definition of a utility system for the treatment of waste-water includes the treatment of stormwater. The conferees believe, consistent with the 
Department of Defense’s interpretation, that wastewater includes stormwater. 
Leasing of non-excess property of military de-
partments and Defense Agencies; treatment of value provided by local education agen-cies and elementary and secondary schools (sec. 2814) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2812) that would amend section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, by author-izing the secretary concerned to lease non- excess property for consideration in an amount below fair market value if the lease is to a local education agency or an elemen-tary or secondary school. This provision is intended to help local education agencies and schools that are providing support for military families. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Force-structure plan and infrastructure inven-
tory and assessment of infrastructure nec-essary to support the force structure (sec. 2815) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2814) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit a report, as part of the budg-et justification documents accompanying the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2017, that details a 20-year force structure plan for each of the military services and a comprehensive inventory of worldwide infra-structure. The report would also compare these two items to determine the infrastruc-ture necessary to support the force struc-ture, discuss the categories of excess infra-structure and infrastructure capacity, and assess the value of retaining certain excess infrastructure to accommodate contingency, mobilization, or surge requirements. In addi-tion, this provision would require the Comp-troller General of the United States to pre-pare an evaluation of such force-structure plans and infrastructure inventory not later than 60 days after the date on which the plans and inventory are submitted to Con-gress. The committee encourages the Sec-retary of Defense and the Comptroller Gen-eral to also take into consideration, as ap-propriate, the recommendations regarding force structure and force sizing provided by the July 31, 2014, assessment of the 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review by the National Defense Panel. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would remove certain elements of the proposed review including a review of effi-ciencies from joint tenancy of military in-stallations and potential restrictions on fa-cilities outside the United States. 
Temporary reporting requirements related to 
main operating bases, forward operating sites, and cooperative security locations (sec. 2816) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2813) that would amend section 2687a(a) of title 10, United States Code, by adding a re-quirement for the Secretary of Defense to in-clude with the existing overseas basing re-port a strategic summary for each main op-erating base, forward operating site, or coop-erative security location within the U.S. Central Command and U.S. Africa Command area of responsibility. This provision would sunset in fiscal year 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would make the requirements applica-ble to operating locations that have been 
newly designated, or had a change in its des-ignation as a main operating base, forward operating site, or cooperative security loca-tion since the previous fiscal year’s report. 
Exemption of Army off-site use and off-site re-
moval only non-mobile properties from cer-tain excess property disposal requirements (sec. 2817) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2816) that would exempt from the requirements of title V of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) certain non-mobile properties 
that are not feasible for transfer and use for the purposes of that act. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Asia- 
Pacific Military Realignment 
Limited exception to restriction on development 
of public infrastructure in connection with realignment of Marine Corps forces in Asia- Pacific region (sec. 2821) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2821) that would amend restrictions placed on the development of civilian infrastructure on Guam to support the realignment of Ma-rine Corps Forces in the Asia-Pacific region to allow the use of funds for infrastructure projects that are identified in the report of the Economic Adjustment Committee re-quired by section 2831(d) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66). This section would also permit the use of funding for the planning and design of such projects. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would authorize the Secretary of De-fense to proceed only with projects intended to improve water and wastewater systems that are identified in the report prepared by the Secretary of Defense under section 2822(d)(2) of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (P.L. 113–66). 
The conferees believe that projects which 
are directly connected to the Department of Defense’s actions, and are fiscally respon-sible, are appropriate investments for the Department of Defense, but projects without a direct military connection should be fund-ed through local or other non-defense federal funding. 
Annual report on Government of Japan con-
tributions toward realignment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region (sec. 2822) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2822) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to submit an annual report to the con-gressional defense committees for each of fiscal years 2017–26 that addresses the total amount contributed from the Government of Japan to the Support for United States Relo-cation to Guam Account during the most re-cent year, as well as the anticipated con-tributions to be made during the current and next Japanese fiscal years. The report would also cover the infrastructure projects carried out on Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in the previous fis-cal year using funds from the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account, as well as the projects anticipated to be car-ried out during the next fiscal year. This sec-tion would also repeal a reporting require-ment from the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417). 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with technical amend-
ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00304 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.123 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6613 September 29, 2015 
Subtitle D—Land Conveyances 
Release of reversionary interest retained as part 
of the conveyance to the Economic Develop-ment Alliance of Jefferson County, Arkan-sas (sec. 2831) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2821) that would amend the terms of conveyance contained in section 2827 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 104–201) to allow the conveyance for other than the conditions contained in the section 2827, if the Eco-nomic Development Alliance pays fair mar-ket value for the property and the costs as-sociated with conveyance are born by the Economic Development Alliance. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Land exchange authority, Mare Island Army 
Reserve Center, Vallejo, California (sec. 2832) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2831) that would authorize a land exchange involving a parcel of real property under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army on the site of the former Mare Island Naval Shipyard, Vallejo, California, in the event that a current real property exchange proc-ess is unsuccessful. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Land exchange, Navy Outlying Landing Field, 
Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Florida (sec. 2833) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2832) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to convey a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, con-taining Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County, Florida, to Escambia County. In exchange, this section would re-quire Escambia County to convey to the Sec-retary of the Navy a parcel of property that is suitable for use as a Navy outlying landing field to replace Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 2822). 
The Senate recedes. 
Release of property interests retained in connec-
tion with conveyance, Camp Villere, Lou-isiana (sec. 2834) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2834) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to release the rights and the rever-sionary interests reserved by the United States for a parcel of land at Camp Villere, Louisiana, to the State of Louisiana to transfer the parcel to the Louisiana Agricul-tural Finance Authority and make available real property to the Louisiana Military De-partment that is suitable for use for Na-tional Guard training and operational sup-port. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Release of property interests retained in connec-
tion with land conveyance, Fort Bliss Mili-tary Reservation, Texas (sec. 2835) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2833) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to release the rights and the rever-sionary interests reserved by the United States for a parcel of land in El Paso, Texas, to authorize the State of Texas to sell a por-tion of the property and use all proceeds from the sale to fund improvements or re-pairs for the National Guard facilities on the remainder of the property. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals 
Additional withdrawal and reservation of public 
land, Naval Air Station China Lake, Cali-fornia (sec. 2841) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2841) that would amend section 2971(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 27 Stat. 1044) to provide for an addi-tional public land withdrawal in San Bernardino County, California, to support operations at Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, California. The provision would also amend Section 2979 of the same Act to convert both land withdrawals from 25-year withdrawals into permanent withdrawals. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would include only the additional land withdrawal, leaving the original withdrawal period through March 31, 2039. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Modification of Department of Defense guidance 
on use of pavement markings (sec. 2851) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2861) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to modify the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications for pavement markings, an Air Force engineering technical letter, and any other Department of Defense guidance on airfield pavement markings as necessary to permit the use of Type III category of retro-reflective beads. In addition, the Sec-retary shall develop appropriate policy to ensure that determination of the category of retro-reflective beads used on airfields is de-termined on an installation-by-installation basis based on local conditions and the life- cycle maintenance costs of the pavement markings. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Extension of authority for establishment of com-
memorative work in honor of Brigadier Gen-eral Francis Marion (sec. 2852) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2852) that would extend the authority to es-tablish a commemorative work on federal land in the District of Columbia and its envi-rons to honor Brigadier General Francis Marion and his service, originally provided by section 331 of the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229), through May 8, 2018. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Change in authorities relating to scope of work 
variations for military construction projects 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2802) that would amend section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize a military service to increase the scope of a military construction project by up to 10 percent once the service secretary involved approves the increase and notifies the con-gressional defense committees of the in-crease and the reasons for it. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. 
Special authority for minor military construc-
tion projects for child development program facilities 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2804) that would amend section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, to allow the appro-priate Secretary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project with an approved cost equal to or less than $15.0 mil-lion to create, expand, or modify a child de-velopment program facility serving children under 13 years of age. The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Sense of the Congress regarding base housing 
projects 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2805) that would express the sense of the Con-gress regarding how the Department of De-fense should consider commuting times and available land on base when prioritizing base housing projects. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the Department 
already considers commute times and avail-able land, among other issues, when making base housing decisions and encourage the De-partment to continue to do so. 
Consultation requirement in connection with 
Department of Defense major land acquisi-tions 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2812) that would modify section 2664(a) of title 10, United States Code, to require con-sultation by the Secretary concerned with the chief executive officer of the state, dis-trict, or territory as to options for com-pleting the real property acquisition. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the Secretary con-
cerned is already required to obtain a spe-cific military construction authorization in accordance with section 2802 of title 10, United States Code, and comply with Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321) before any major land acquisi-tion can be implemented. 
Modification of facility repair notification re-
quirement 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2813) that would modify section 2811 of title 10, United States Code, by adding new congressional notifications for facility repair projects that are expected to cost more than 75 percent of the estimated cost of a military construction project to replace the facility or the facility is located at an overseas location that has not been des-ignated a main operating base or forward op-erating site. These new reporting require-ments would only apply to facility repair projects that are expected to cost more than $1.0 million. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees believe that, as a matter of 
practice, the Department of Defense should notify the congressional defense committees of the expenditure of significant funding for repairs at overseas locations that have not been designated as a main operating base or forward operating site even if such expendi-tures do not meet the thresholds specified in section 2811 of title 10, United States Code. 
Arsenal installation reutilization authority 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2815) that would allow the Secretary with au-thority over a military manufacturing arse-nal to delegate leasing authority to the com-mander of the military manufacturing arse-nal. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that section 2667 of 
title 10, United States Code, provides the Secretary concerned the authority to lease non-excess property and that the Secretary has the ability to delegate authority to ap-prove such leases. Therefore, the conferees encourage the Secretary concerned to con-sider delegating authority to lease non-ex-cess property at military manufacturing ar-senals if the Secretary concerned believes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00305 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.124 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6614 September 29, 2015 
such delegation of authority would be in the 
best interest of the Department. 
Sense of Congress on coordination of hunting, 
fishing, and other recreational activities on military land 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 2815) that would express the sense of Congress on the coordination between the Department of Defense and state fish and wildlife managers, tribes, and local govern-ments to facilitate communication with hunting, fishing, and recreational use groups prior to traditional hunting, fishing, and rec-reational use seasons. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes. The conferees note the extensive process 
that base commanders go through in coordi-nating with appropriate state and local groups when opening the base for hunting, fishing, and other recreational activities. 
Land conveyance, Campion Air Force Radar 
Station, Galena, Alaska 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2835) that would authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in the former Campion Air Force Station, Alaska, to the Town of Galena, Alaska, for public purposes. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Bureau of Land Management withdrawn mili-
tary lands efficiency and savings 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2842) that would extend the public lands withdrawn for military purposes listed in the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title 30 of Public Law 106–65) until the Secretary of the military department determines a military purpose does not exist, or the Sec-retary of Interior permanently transfers the administrative jurisdiction to the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Renaming site of the Dayton Aviation Heritage 
National Historical Park, Ohio 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2851) that would modify the name of the John W. Berry, Sr. Wright Brothers Aviation Center, Dayton, Ohio, to the John W. Berry, Sr. Wright Brothers National Museum, Day-ton, Ohio. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Amendments to the National Historic Preserva-
tion Act 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2853) that would prohibit the designation of federal property as a National Historic Land-mark or for nomination to the World Herit-age List if the head of the agency managing the federal property objects to such inclu-sion or designation for reasons of national security. This section would also authorize the expedited removal of federal property listed on the National Register of Historic Places if the managing agency of that fed-eral property submits a request to the Sec-retary of Interior for such removal for rea-sons of national security. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Protection and recovery of greater sage grouse 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2862) that would delay any finding by the Secretary of the Interior with respect to the Greater Sage Grouse under clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)) through September 30, 2025. This section 
would prohibit the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture from amending any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in a State in which the Governor of the State has notified the Secretaries concerned that the State has a State management plan in place. Lastly, this section would also require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to jointly submit an annual report to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives on the effective-ness of the systems to monitor the status of Greater Sage Grouse on Federal lands under their jurisdiction through 2021. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Use of Military Operations Areas for national 
security activities 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2863) that would ensure the expansion or es-tablishment of a national monument by the President under the authority of chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the Antiquities Act of 1906; 54 U.S.C. 320301 et seq.), after the date of the en-actment of this Act on land located beneath or associated with a Military Operations Area (MOA) shall not be construed to pro-hibit or constrain any activities on or above the land conducted by the Department of De-fense or other federal agencies for national security purposes, including training and readiness activities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Renaming of the Captain William Wylie Galt 
Great Falls Armed Forces Readiness Center in honor of Captain John E. Moran, a re-cipient of the Medal of Honor 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2864) that would rename the Captain William Wylie Galt Great Falls Armed Forces Readi-ness Center in Great Falls, Montana to be known and designated as the ‘‘Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center’’, to honor the Medal of Honor recipient. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note that the military serv-
ices have existing authority to name facili-ties. 
Implementation of Lesser Prairie Chicken 
Range-Wide Conservation Plan and other conservation measures 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2865) that would prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from listing the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened or endangered spe-cies under the Endangered Species Act until January 31, 2021. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Removal of endangered species status for Amer-
ican burying beetle 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2866) that would remove the endangered spe-cies status for the American burying beetle. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
T
ITLE XXIX—O VERSEAS CONTINGENCY  
OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION  
LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Authorized Army construction and land acquisi-
tion project 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2901) that would contain the list of a certain authorized Army construction project for fis-cal year 2016. This project represents a bind-
ing list of the specific projects authorized at this location. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Authorized Navy construction and land acquisi-
tion projects 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2902) that would contain the list of certain authorized Navy construction projects for fiscal year 2016. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects author-ized at these locations. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Authorized Air Force construction and land ac-
quisition projects 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2903) that would contain the list of certain authorized Air Force construction projects for fiscal year 2016. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects author-ized at these locations. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Authorized Defense Agencies construction and 
land acquisition projects 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2904) that would contain the list of certain authorized defense-wide construction projects for fiscal year 2016. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
Authorization of appropriations 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
2905) that would authorize appropriations for overseas contingency operations military construction at the levels identified in sec-tion 4602 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZA-TIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
T
ITLE XXXI—D EPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS  
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
National Nuclear Security Administration (sec. 
3101) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3101) that would authorize appropriations for the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion for fiscal year 2016 and would also au-thorize a new plant project for the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 3101) that would authorize a total of $12.8 billion for the Department of Energy in fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration to carry out programs necessary to national security. 
The House recedes. 
Defense environmental cleanup (sec. 3102) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3102) that would authorize appropriations for defense environmental cleanup activities for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 3102). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Other defense activities (sec. 3103) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3103) that would authorize appropriations for other defense activities for the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00306 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.125 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6615 September 29, 2015 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 3103). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Nuclear energy (sec. 3104) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3104) that would authorize appropriations for the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for nuclear energy. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Improvement to accountability of Department of 
Energy employees and projects (sec. 3111) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3113) that would amend subtitle C of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2442) to add a new section requir-ing the Secretary of Energy and the Admin-istrator for Nuclear Security to jointly no-tify the specified congressional committees the number of covered employees whose se-curity clearance was revoked during the pre-vious year and the length of time such em-ployees were employed by the Department of Energy or NNSA since such revocation. This provision would also require that the Sec-retary of the Administrator may not pay to a covered employee a salary bonus during the one-year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of the Administrator de-termines that the covered employee com-mitted improper program management or whose actions undermined health, safety or security, while providing the authority to waive the denial of a salary bonus. Addition-ally, the provision would require the Sec-retary or Administrator to notify the speci-fied congressional committees of the actions being taken against DOE or NNSA contrac-tors, pursuant to contractual terms, whose actions lead to project or program delays or cost-growth. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 3118) that would provide authority to the Administrator of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration to withhold bonus payments to employees who engage in improper program management on the date such a determination is made. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would reference the terms of exceeding cost, scope and schedule to those established in section 4713 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) or the terms of critical decision three of Department of Energy Order 413.3B (Program and Project Manage-ment for the Acquisition of Capital Assets) as well as, pursuant to a requirement to issue new Departmental or Administration guidance, actions that jeopardize the health, safety, or security of employees or facilities of the Administration or another element of the Department of Energy involved in nu-clear security or in carrying out defense nu-clear nonproliferation activities. The amend-ment further provides for a waiver for either program management or health, safety or se-curity with notification to the congressional committees of the waiver and a period of 60 days elapses following the notification. The amendment further requires notifying the congressional defenses committees if a con-tractor of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration exceeds cost, scope and sched-ule as defined by section 4713 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) or by critical decision three of Department of En-ergy Order 413.3B (Program and Project Man-agement for the Acquisition of Capital As-sets), including an explanation as to whether termination of the contract is an appropriate remedy, a description of the terms of the contract regarding award fees and perform-ance, and a description of what options 
under the contract will be exercised in re-sponse. If such information cannot be sub-mitted by reason of a contract enforcement action a notification shall be submitted of the enforcement action and the date on which the required information shall be sub-mitted. 
Stockpile responsiveness program (sec. 3112) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3115) that would amend the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521) to establish that it is the policy of the United States to sus-tain, enhance, and continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons to ensure the nuclear deterrent of the United States re-mains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and re-sponsive. The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Secu-rity and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, would be required to carry out a program in parallel with the stockpile stew-ardship program and stockpile management program to fulfill this policy. This section would also stipulate a series of objectives for this program. Finally, this section would amend certain existing annual reporting re-quirements to ensure robust attention on the program by senior leaders and enable con-gressional oversight of the status and effec-tiveness of the program. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3111) that would to develop a re-sponsive capabilities program to exercise the design capabilities of the weapons complex that would lead to shorter and most cost ef-fective design and engineering tools and manufacturing methods for parts and joint test assemblies that would lead to actual prototype testing as the final exercise, simi-lar to an ongoing effort already underway at the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that adds to the House provision the impor-tance of an integrated design life cycle, to shorten design, certification, and manufac-turing timelines in order to minimize the amount of time and costs leading to an engi-neering prototype and production. 
Notification of cost overruns and selected acqui-
sition reports for major alteration projects (sec. 3113) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3123) that defined a life extension program as one whose costs exceed $1.0 billion. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that modifies section 4713(a) (50 U.S.C. 2753(a)) and section 4217 (50 U.S.C. 2537) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act to include major alteration programs whose cost exceeds $750.0 million. 
Root cause analyses for certain cost overruns 
(sec. 3114) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3131) that would amend section 4713(c) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) to require the Secretary of Energy to con-duct and submit to the congressional defense committees a root cause assessment when certain programs experience a significant cost overrun. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Funding of Laboratory-Directed Research and 
Development Programs (sec. 3115) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3135) that would require the Administrator for Nuclear Security to seek to enter into a contract with the JASON Defense Advisory Panel to conduct a review of the laboratory- directed research and development (LDRD) 
program authorized under section 4811 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791). The review would be required to include as-sessments of whether and how the projects within the LDRD program support the mis-sion of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration (NNSA), whether the science conducted under LDRD underpin the ad-vancement of scientific understanding nec-essary for NNSA’s core programs, the sci-entific and programmatic opportunities and challenges in the LDRD program, recent sig-nificant accomplishments and failures with-in the LDRD program, and how LDRD projects are selected for funding. This sec-tion would require the Administrator to sub-mit to the congressional defense commit-tees, by November 1, 2016, a report con-taining the review carried out by the JASON Defense Advisory Panel. This House bill would also require a briefing to the congres-sional defense committees by the Comp-troller General of the United States by No-vember 1, 2016. The Comptroller General would be required to assess: how NNSA LDRD funding limits compare to other De-partment of Energy and Department of De-fense laboratories and federally funded re-search and development centers; how many NNSA personnel are supported by LDRD funding, including how many receive a ma-jority of their compensation from LDRD; and how many devote the majority of their time to LDRD programs for more than three years. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sions (sec. 3117) would amend section 4811(c) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791(c)) to strike the 6 percent upper bound for National Nuclear Security Administra-tion (NNSA) weapons laboratory-directed re-search and development programs with a floor not to go below 5 percent with a upper bound of 8 percent. A similar provision was recommended for NNSA weapons production facilities and the Nevada Site Office with a ceiling of 4 percent. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would strike the plant direct laboratory research and development programs, reduce the ceiling to 7 percent and require a briefing by the Administrator of the National Nu-clear Security Administration, no later than February 28, 2016, on all recent or ongoing re-views of the laboratory-directed research and development program, including such re-views initiated by the Secretary of Energy; the costs and accounting practices associ-ated with laboratory-directed research and development; how laboratory-directed re-search and development projects support the mission of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration. The conferees direct the Gov-ernment Accountability Office to assess no later than March 15, 2016, how NNSA LDRD funding limits compare to other Department of Energy and Department of Defense labora-tories and federally funded research and de-velopment centers; how many NNSA per-sonnel are supported by LDRD funding, in-
cluding how many receive a majority of their compensation from LDRD; and how many de-vote the majority of their time to LDRD pro-grams for more than 3 years. 
Hanford waste treatment and immobilization 
plant contract oversight (sec. 3116) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (section 3115) that would require the Secretary of Energy to arrange to have an owner’s agent assist the Secretary in car-rying out oversight responsibilities associ-ated with Hanford Waste Treatment and Im-mobilization Plant contract DE–AC27– 01RV14136. Since the current contractor for the Waste Treatment Plant is its own design agent, the owner’s design agent will act as an independent expert on the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00307 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.126 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6616 September 29, 2015 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
with clarifying language to ensure that the owner’s agent does not assume roles reserved for the federal government, that the owner’s agent’s role is to advise the Secretary of En-ergy, and that the owner’s agent report would be sent to the Secretary of Energy who would transmit the report with any ad-ditional views to the congressional defense committees. 
Use of best practices for capital asset projects 
and nuclear weapon life extension programs (sec. 3117) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3122) that would require the Secretary of En-ergy to ensure that analyses of alternatives are conducted in accordance with best prac-tices for: (1) capital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration; and (2) capital asset projects relating to defense environ-mental management. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Research and development of advanced naval 
nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium (sec. 3118) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3142) that would require that, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation for ma-terial management and minimization, not more than $5.0 million shall be made avail-able to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors for initial planning and early re-search and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-en-riched uranium. In addition, this section would require that, at the same time the President submits the fiscal year 2017 budget to Congress, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly sub-mit to the congressional defense committees their determination as to whether the United States should continue to pursue re-search and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-en-riched uranium. If the Secretaries determine to continue the research and development, the Secretaries would be required to ensure the budget request for fiscal year 2017 in-cludes funding to carry out the program within the defense nuclear nonproliferation, material management, and minimization budget line. Not later than 30 days after the date of the submission of such determina-tion, the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors would be required to submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for such research and development, as well as ensuring that the budget includes amounts for defense nuclear nonproliferation for ma-terial management and minimization nec-essary to carry out the plan. Finally, this section would require that, if the Secretaries determine such research and development should continue, not later than 60 days after the date on which the Deputy Administrator submits the plan, the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors would be required to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation regarding the re-search and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-en-riched uranium, including with respect to how funding for such research and develop-ment will be requested for the ‘‘Defense Nu-clear nonproliferation’’ account for material management and minimization and provided to Naval Reactors to carry out the program. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that requires the Deputy Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion to submit within 90 days after the date of enactment a conceptual plan for research and development of an advanced naval nu-clear fuel system based on low-enriched ura-nium to meet military requirements to the congressional defense committees. In addi-tion, 60 days after the conceptual plan is sub-mitted, the Secretary of Energy and the Sec-retary of the Navy shall make a determina-tion as to whether the United States should continue to pursue research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. If the Secre-taries determine that such research and de-velopment should continue, they shall in-clude funding necessary in fiscal year 2018, and in fiscal year 2017 if feasible, to carry out such a plan in the budget line item for the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ac-count for material management and mini-mization. 
Disposition of weapons usable plutonium (sec. 
3119) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec-
tion 3119) that would require the Secretary of Energy to carry out construction and pro-gram support activities for the Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility with any funds authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available for such purposes for fis-cal year 2016 and any prior fiscal years. This section would also require the Secretary to include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress for fiscal year 2017 an updated performance baseline for construc-tion and project support activities relating to the MOX facility. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that authorizes the Secretary to spend $5.0 million to conduct an analysis of alternative options for carrying out the plutonium dis-position program. The conferees direct that the analysis of alternatives be comprehen-sive with regard to potentially cost-effective alternatives, and to include as alternatives various options for disposal, including costs and timelines associated with options for down-blending, immobilization, disposal in canisters, and deep borehole disposal. The conferees further direct that as part of the down-blending analysis, that the Depart-ment of Energy address the questions per-taining to down-blending as found in Senate Report 114–49 (Report to Accompany S. 1376, ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal year 2016’’), pages 326–329. 
Establishment of microlab pilot program (sec. 
3120) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3136) that would give the authority to the Secretary to establish a microlab pilot pro-gram in close proximity to a national labora-tory and is accessible to the public for the purpose of enhancing collaboration with re-gional research groups, accelerating tech-nology transfer from national laboratories to the marketplace; promoting regional work-force development through science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics in-struction and training. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would change the definition of microlab to one that is in close proximity to but out-side the perimeter of a national security lab-oratory; an extension of or affiliated with a national security laboratory; and accessible to the public. The amendment also narrows the national laboratory to one that is a na-tional security laboratory as defined in sec-tion 3821 of the National Nuclear Security Act (50 U.S.C. 2471). The amendment further 
uses ‘‘consultation’’ rather than ‘‘coordina-tion’’ with lab directors and adjusts timing of reports. 
Prohibition on the availability of funds for the 
provision of defense nuclear nonprolifera-tion assistance to the Russian Federation (sec. 3121) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3118) that would provide that none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonprolifera-tion activities may be obligated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federa-tion. The Secretary of Energy, without dele-gation, would be provided the authority to waive this prohibition if the Secretary sub-mits a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees containing notification that such a waiver is in the national security interest of the United States, a justification for such waiver, and a period of 15 days elapses. 
The Senate amendment contains no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Prohibition on availability of funds for fixed 
site radiological portal monitors in foreign countries (sec. 3122) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3117) that would prohibit any funds author-ized by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 or any fiscal year there-after for the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration from being obligated or ex-pended for the research and development, in-stallation, or sustainment of fixed site radio-logical portal monitors or equipment for use in foreign countries. This section would clar-ify that this prohibition does not apply to such activities for mobile radiological in-spection equipment. 
The Senate amendment had no similar pro-
vision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would prohibit fiscal year 2016 funds for installation of fixed site portal monitors in foreign countries after date of enactment until the DNI submits an assessment on whether and the extent to which fixed site and mobile radiological monitors address nu-clear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; the contribution of other threat re-duction programs and how well such pro-grams address nuclear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; which programs have the greatest impact and cost-benefit for address-ing nuclear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; and such other matters as the Direc-tor considers appropriate. The amendment also requires the Administrator for Nuclear Security to submit a plan by March 1, 2016 to transition sustainment of existing fixed site monitors, to the greatest extent possible, to host nation. 
Limitation on availability of funds for certain 
arms control and nonproliferation tech-nologies (sec. 3123) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3120) that would prohibit any funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion’s Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation pro-gram from being obligated or expended to de-velop nonproliferation or arms control verification or monitoring technologies be-yond Technology Readiness Level 5 (TRL 5) unless the Secretary of Energy certifies that such technologies are being developed to ful-fill the rights or obligations of the United States under either: (1) a current arms con-trol or nonproliferation treaty or agreement; or (2) a treaty or agreement that the Sec-retary expects will enter into force within 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00308 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.127 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6617 September 29, 2015 
years. The Secretary would be required to 
submit this written certification to the ap-propriate congressional committees and in-clude, for each technology the Secretary cer-tifies for development beyond TRL 5, an identification of the amount of fiscal year 2016 funds that will used and how such devel-opment helps to fulfill the rights or obliga-tions of the United States under the treaty or agreement. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes to the House with an 
amendment that would prohibit fiscal year 2016 funds to test or validate technologies in the Office of Nonproliferation and Arms Con-trol designed to be used to verify and mon-itor obligations under arms control treaties or other agreements to which U.S. is not a signatory until the Administrator submits a review to congressional defense committees. The review would be required to include the technology readiness level of the technology; the obligation under a treaty or other inter-national agreement supported by the tech-nology; and the purpose for which the tech-nology is being developed or produced. The conferees notes that, based on information provided by the Administrator, the funding for the activities that would be limited by this provision is approximately $3.0 million. 
Limitations on availability of funds for nuclear 
weapons dismantlement (sec. 3124) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3121) that would provide that, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for the National Nu-clear Security Administration (NNSA), not more than $50.0 million may be obligated or expended in each such fiscal year to carry out nuclear weapons dismantlement and dis-position activities. This section would also prohibit any funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act, or otherwise made avail-able for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, to be obligated or expended to dismantle a nuclear weapon of the United States unless: (1) the nuclear weapon was retired on or be-fore September 30, 2008; (2) the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security certifies that the components of the nuclear weapon are di-rectly required for the purposes of a current life extension program; or (3) the President certifies that the nuclear weapon is being dismantled pursuant to a nuclear arms re-duction treaty or similar international agreement that has entered into force after the date of enactment of this Act and was approved with the advice and consent of the Senate or by an Act of Congress. This sec-tion would also prohibit any funding author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 from being used to dis-mantle or dispose of a W84 nuclear weapon. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would limit the $50.0 million ceiling to fiscal year 2016 and prohibit the use of fiscal year 2016 funds for the dismantlement of the W84 warhead. There is an exception for main-tenance and surveillance for weapons safety and reliability. 
Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
Long-term plan for meeting national security re-
quirements for unencumbered uranium (sec. 3131) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3112) that would require the Sec-retary of Energy to submit a plan, on even number years, with the President’s budget submission, for meeting the national secu-rity requirements for unencumbered ura-nium through 2065. The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would change the reporting requirement to terminate in 2026. 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation management 
plan (sec. 3132) 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
3113) that required in each odd numbered year a management plan of defense nuclear nonproliferation programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
The House bill contained a similar provi-
sion (sec. 3132) amend section 3122(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) by striking the date of 2016 and inserting 2020. This sec-tion would also amend such subsection to clarify that, in the Secretary of Energy’s an-nual assessment, the Secretary must (1) identify any highly-enriched uranium around the world that is obligated by the United States and (2) provide a list, by country and by site, of the separated plutonium around the world, identify such plutonium that is obligated by the United States, and provide an assessment of the vulnerability of such plutonium to theft or diversion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would add the House provision to the Senate provision, expand the programmatic definitions of activities of the nuclear non-proliferation program that must be reported on and make technical and clarifying changes. 
Plan for deactivation and decommissioning of 
nonoperational defense nuclear facilities (sec. 3133) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3141) that would require the Secretary of En-ergy to establish and carry out a plan under which the Administrator for Nuclear Secu-rity transfers to the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environmental Management the responsibility for decontaminating and de-commissioning facilities of the National Nu-clear Security Administration that the Sec-retary of Energy determines are not oper-ational as of the date of the enactment of this Act and meet the requirements for such transfer. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3114) that would that would require the Secretary of Energy to develop a plan that would require a cost-benefit analysis of defense nuclear facilities that require deacti-vation and decommissioning as to whether they should be kept in cold shut down await-ing demolition or accelerated to save long term storage costs. The plan will be required every even calendar year no later than March 31, 2016 and end after the fifth report submission on March 31, 2026. 
The House recedes with an amendment to 
require within the first report the Secretary to implement a plan under which the Admin-istrator for Nuclear Security to transfer by March 31, 2019 to the Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management the responsi-bility for decontaminating and decommis-sioning facilities of the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration that the Secretary of Energy determines are nonoperational as of September 30, 2015 and meet the require-ments of the Office of Environmental Man-agement for such transfer. 
Assessment of emergency preparedness of de-
fense nuclear facilities (sec. 3134) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3116) that would require the Sec-retary of Energy to include in each award-fee evaluation conducted of a management and operating contract for a Department of En-ergy defense nuclear facility in 2016, or any even-numbered year thereafter, an assess-ment of the adequacy of the emergency pre-paredness of that facility, including an as-
sessment of the seniority level of employees and contractors of the Department of Energy that participate in emergency preparedness exercises at that facility. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would eliminate recurring reports while focusing the assessment on the performance and participation of the management and op-erating contractor employees and not senior employees of the Department of Energy, since the laboratory award fee is based on performance of the contractor employees. The conferees direct the Secretary of Energy to provide a report to the congressional de-fense committees no later than October 31, 2016 on the number and level of senior De-partment of Energy employees that partici-pated in such exercises for fiscal year 2016. 
Modifications to cost-benefit analyses for com-
petition of management and operating con-tracts (sec. 3135) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3114) that would amend section 3121 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to extend the a reporting requirement through fiscal year 2019 and require that the report sub-mitted by the Administrator for Nuclear Se-curity must include a description of the fac-tors considered and processes used by the Administrator to determine whether to com-pete or extend a contract to manage and op-erate a facility of the nuclear security enter-prise, and whether and which activities at the facility should be covered under the management and operating contract. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 3122) that would amend section 3121 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to make technical corrections to in-crease the utility of reports on competition for management and operating contracts at facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administration and change the timing of the Government Accountability Office’s review to assess whether estimated cost savings and other benefits are actually occurring as planned. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that combines the two provisions, requires the Government Accountability Office to provide a briefing on their initial review 180 days after the required report submitted, and makes certain technical and conforming amendments. 
Interagency review of applications for the trans-
fer of United States civil nuclear technology (sec. 3136) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3119) that would require that, prior to the ap-proval by the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) of any part 810 authorization (regarding the transfer of certain civil nuclear technology) for a covered country with a nuclear naval propulsion program, the Director of National Intelligence and the Chief of Naval Oper-ations would have to jointly submit an as-sessment to the appropriate congressional committees on the risks of diversion of such technology and the likely consequences of its diversion to such foreign state’s military nuclear program. This section would also re-quire that, not less than 14 days prior to the approval of any part 810 authorization for a covered country, the Administrator of the NNSA would have to certify to the appro-priate congressional committees that there is sufficient diversion control and such transfer presents a minimal risk of diversion of such technology to a military program that would degrade the technical advantage of the United States. The provision further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00309 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.128 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6618 September 29, 2015 
required that not later than June 1, 2016, and 
quinquennially thereafter, the Chief of Naval Operations shall determine the critical civil nuclear technologies of the United States and notify the appropriate congressional committees of this list of technologies. The 
provision also requires that not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director of National Intelligence determines that there is credible intelligence that United States civil nuclear technology has been diverted to a foreign country not covered by an author-ization under section 57b of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 as amended (Public Law 83– 703, 42 U.S.C. 2077), including an agreement for cooperation made pursuant to section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 as amended (Public Law 83–703, 42 U.S.C. 2153), the Direc-tor shall notify the appropriate congres-sional committees of such determination. The House provision also required that the Secretary of Energy shall annually notify the appropriate congressional committees that each covered foreign country is in com-pliance with its obligations under any au-thorization made pursuant to section 57b, in-cluding an agreement for cooperation made pursuant to section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act, as amended. In addition the provision prohibits the Secretary of Energy from mak-ing an authorization under section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act with respect to a covered foreign country if a foreign person of the covered foreign country has been sanctioned under the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Non-proliferation Act (Public Law 106–178; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) during the 5-year period preceding the date of the transfer being sought unless the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the covered foreign country is taking ade-quate measures to prevent, or is making sig-nificant progress in preventing, transfers or acquisitions covered by section 2(a) of the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Nonprolifera-tion Act (Public Law 106–178; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). The House provision defined a covered country as one that is a nuclear-weapon state, as defined by Article IX (3) of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, signed at Washington, London, and Moscow on July 1, 1968, but does not include the United Kingdom or France. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would require that every 90 days, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes a listing and description of the authorizations to transfer United States civil nuclear technology to a covered foreign country (as defined in this provision) issued under section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) during the pre-ceding 90 days and a statement of whether each agency required to be consulted under that section or pursuant to regulation ob-jected or sought condition to each such au-thorization. 
The amendment also would require that 
not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy would be required to, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, and the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, determine the critical United States civil nuclear technologies that should be protected from diversion to a mili-tary nuclear program of a covered foreign country (a nuclear weapons state as defined by the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons other than the United Kingdom or France), including with respect to a naval propulsion or weapons program 
and notify the appropriate congressional committees with respect to the technologies 
covered by the determination. The amend-ment also would require that not later than 14 days before authorizing the transfer of a technology covered by such determination, the Secretary of Energy would be required to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes a notifica-tion of the intention of the Secretary to au-thorize the transfer of such technology and a statement of whether any agency required to be consulted under such section 57b or pursu-ant to regulation objected to or required conditions to such authorization of transfer. The amendment includes a waiver of the 14 day notification for an imminent radio-logical emergency provided within 7 days the Secretary certifies such a hazard exists, the justification and the information required in the original notification. 
The amendment would also require the 
Secretary of Energy to promptly revise part 810 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, to ensure that the Director of National Intel-ligence (DNI) is consulted with respect to the views of the intelligence community with re-spect to each authorization issued under sec-tion 57b of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology to a covered foreign country before the determination to approve or disapprove the request for the au-thorization, and that he is provided with an opportunity to present the views of the Di-rector and the Intelligence Community on the national security risks of the transfer, if any. It is expected that as part of developing this consultation process the Secretary of 
Energy and the DNI shall enter into the nec-essary inter-agency agreements that ensure consultation with the Intelligence Commu-nity occurs but gives the DNI the flexibility to manage its ongoing workload, while en-suring timely reviews of authorizations, and provides for the possibility that the views of the Intelligence Community may not have changed from its initial assessment. The Secretary of Energy shall include the results of consultations conducted with the DNI, on behalf of the Intelligence Community, in each report describing an authorization and each notification with respect to an author-ization involving a critical technology. 
The amendment would require the Sec-
retary of Energy to annually submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that includes an assessment of whether each covered foreign country is in compli-ance with its obligations under any author-ization for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology under section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)) and with respect to any covered foreign country that is not in compliance with such obligations, a description of the efforts of the United States to bring the country into compliance with an evaluation of the result of such efforts, and an assessment of the op-tions available to the Secretary as a result of the country not being in compliance. The report also requires an assessment of wheth-er each end-user to which United States civil nuclear technology is transferred pursuant to an authorization under such section 57b is in compliance with the obligations of the end-user under that authorization and a de-scription of any consequences for the end- user or the exporter of the technology if the end-user is not in compliance with such obli-gations. 
The amendment would further require 
that, concurrent with the submission to Con-gress of the budget for each fiscal year, the Secretary of Energy would be required to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the activities of the Department of Energy associated with the review of applications for authorization under section 57b to transfer United States 
civil nuclear technology to any foreign coun-try. The report would be required to include the number of applications for authorization under section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act to transfer United States civil nuclear tech-nology to a foreign country submitted dur-ing the year preceding the submission of the report; the length of time each such applica-tion was under review; the number of such applications that were granted; and a de-scription of efforts to streamline the review of such applications, taking into account the proliferation and diversion potential of end- users in the country to which United States civil nuclear technology would be trans-ferred pursuant to such applications. 
The Director of National Intelligence 
would also be required to notify the Depart-ment of Energy and the appropriate congres-sional committees not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director deter-mines there is credible intelligence that United States civil nuclear technology is being or has been diverted to a military pro-gram in a foreign country to which the transfer of the technology was authorized under section 57b or to a foreign country to which the transfer of the technology was not so authorized. 
The amendment would also require that 
not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy shall issue guidance with respect to the use of authority of under section 234 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2282) to impose civil penalties, including fines and debarment, and to make referrals to the At-torney General for prosecution, for viola-tions of the terms of authorizations for the transfer of United States civil nuclear tech-nology issued under section 57b. The con-ferees believe that given the extensive amendments made to section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 by section 302 of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–242, 42 U.S.C. 2077), which were made after the enactment of the En-ergy Reorganization Act of 1974 (Public Law 93–438), that the Department of Energy should have justification to utilize section 234 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 as a means of civil enforcement. 
Finally, the amendment would require 
that not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually 
thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port describing the efforts of covered foreign countries to prevent the transfer of sensitive items, including efforts to improve the pre-vention of the transfer of such items; and as-sessing the adequacy of such efforts as de-fined by section 2(a) of the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Nonproliferation Act (Pub-lic Law 106–178; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
The conferees expect the Department of 
Energy shall take all precautions necessary in this section to protect proprietary infor-mation. 
Governance and management of nuclear secu-
rity enterprise (sec. 3137) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3133) that would require the Secretary of En-ergy and the Administrator for Nuclear Se-curity to jointly establish a team of senior officials from the Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion (NNSA) to develop and carry out an im-plementation plan to reform governance and management to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the nuclear security enter-prise. Additionally, it would require the Ad-ministrator to seek to enter into a joint agreement with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Pub-lic Administration to establish a panel of ex-ternal, independent experts to evaluate the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00310 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.129 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6619 September 29, 2015 
plan developed by the Department of Energy 
and NNSA and to evaluate the implementa-tion of such plan. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 3123) that would require the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration to enter into agree-ments with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Pub-lic Administration to assess implementation of recommendations of the Congressional Advisory Panel on the Governance of the Nu-clear Security Enterprise that can be carried out without additional legislation. In addi-tion to monitoring implementation, the agreement should specify that the two enti-ties should determine whether the imple-mentation was effective in addressing the problem it was intended to solve. The agree-ment shall utilize the procedures of the Na-tional Academies in reviewing and pub-lishing the joint report. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
making certain technical and conforming amendments, including changing the date of submission of the implementation plan to be March 31, 2016, with a final report by the Im-plementation Assessment Panel to 2020. 
Annual report on the number of full time equiv-
alent employees and contractor employees (sec. 3138) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3111) that would amend section 3241A of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) to require that, by Octo-ber 1, 2016, the total number of employees within the Office of the Administrator may not exceed 1,350. This section would also amend section 3241 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441) by striking ‘‘600’’ and inserting ‘‘450’’ as the number of employees allowed to be ap-pointed under the authority provided by such section. 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3119) that would permit the Admin-istrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to hire above the statutory limit of 1,690 full time positions using up to 100 exempt employees hired under section 3241 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 United States Code section 2441). 
The House bill further contains a provision 
(sec. 3112) that would amend section 3241A of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) to specify that the total number of full-time equivalent employ-ees working under a service support contract of the NNSA may not exceed the number that is 30 percent of the number of employ-ees of the Office of the Administrator au-thorized under subsection (a)(1) of such sec-tion 3241A. The Administrator for Nuclear Security would be required to not exceed this total number of full-time equivalent contractor employees unless, during each fis-cal year in which the Administrator exceeds such authorized number, the Administrator submits a report to the congressional defense committees justifying such excess. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would strike section 3111 of the House bill and modify section 3112 of the House bill to require with each budget submission the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) provide a report that provides the number of full time equivalent employees under section 3241A of the NNSA Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a), the number of service support contracts and whether the contracts are funded with program funds, the number of full time equivalent employees under each contract and the number in each contract that have been employed for more than 2 years. Development of strategy on risks to non-
proliferation caused by additive manufac-turing (sec. 3139) 
The House bill (sec. 3145) contained a provi-
sion that would require the President to de-velop and pursue a strategy to address the risks to the goals and policies of the United States regarding nuclear nonproliferation caused by the increased use of additive man-ufacture technology (including 3D Printing). This section would require the President to brief the appropriate congressional commit-tees on the development and execution of such strategy not later than March 31, 2016, and every 120 days thereafter until January 1, 2019. Finally, this section would highlight the importance of pursuing such strategy at the Nuclear Security Summit in Chicago in 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Plutonium pit production capacity (sec. 3140) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3143) that would express the sense of Con-gress that the requirement to create a mod-ern, responsive nuclear infrastructure that includes the capability and capacity to produce, at minimum, 50 to 80 pits per year, is a national security priority and delaying creation of this responsive infrastructure until the 2030s is an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. Addi-tionally, it would require the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council to provide a briefing to congressional defense committees by March 1, 2016, on the annual plutonium pit production capacity requirement of the nuclear security enterprise. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Assessments on nuclear proliferation risks and 
nuclear nonproliferation opportunities (sec. 3141) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3134) that would require the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees, by March 1 of each year from 2016 to 2020, con-taining an assessment and prioritization of international nuclear proliferation risks and nuclear nonproliferation opportunities and an assessment of the effectiveness of various means and programs for addressing such risks and opportunities. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Analysis of alternatives for Mobile Guardian 
Transporter program (sec. 3142) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3144) that would require the Administrator for Nuclear Security to submit to the con-gressional defense committees the analysis of alternatives by the Administrator for the Mobile Guardian Transporter program with-in 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Additionally, it would also require the Secretary of Energy to include in the an-nual budget request submission, a separate, dedicated program element for the MGT pro-gram. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would eliminate the requirement for an independent assessment and clarify that the submitted report must contain a full and comprehensive analysis of alternatives. The conferees stress that the analysis of alter-natives for the MGT program that is con-ducted and submitted to Congress should take into account all safety and security sce-narios, as well as costs, benefits, and risks of various engineering and policy changes that could affect the program. T
ITLE XXXII—D EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES  
SAFETY BOARD  
Authorization (sec. 3201) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3201) that would authorize funds for the De-fense Nuclear Facilities Board for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 3201). 
The House recedes. 
Administration of Defense Nuclear Facilities 
Safety Board (sec. 3202) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3202) that would amend section 311(c) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2886(c)) to clarify that, in carrying out certain du-ties, the Chairman of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Board may not withhold from any member of the Board any information that is made available to the Chairman regarding the Board’s functions, powers, and mission (including with respect to the management and evaluation of employees of the Board). The provision would also clarify that the Chairman of the Board, subject to the ap-proval of the Board, may appoint and remove certain senior employees of the Board. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
T
ITLE XXXIV—N AVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES  
Authorization of Appropriations (sec. 3401) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3401) that would authorize $17.5 million for fiscal year 2016 for operation and mainte-nance of the Naval Petroleum Reserves. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
T
ITLE XXXV—M ARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED  
Authorization of the Maritime Administration 
(sec. 3501) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3501) that would authorize appropriations for the national security aspects of the Mer-chant Marine for fiscal year 2016. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 3505) that would authorize appropriations for the national security as-pects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would increase by $24.0 million to $210.0 million the amount authorized to be appro-priated in subsection (5) for expenses to maintain and preserve a United States- flagged merchant marine to serve the na-tional security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code. 
Sense of Congress regarding Maritime Security 
Fleet program (sec. 3502) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3502) that would express the sense of Con-gress that dedicated and enhanced support is necessary to stabilize and preserve the Mari-time Security Fleet program. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Update of references to the Secretary of Trans-
portation regarding unemployment insur-ance and vessel operators (sec. 3503) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3503) that would update sections 3305 and 3306(n) of title 26, United States Code, to re-flect the Maritime Administration’s transfer from the Department of Commerce to the Department of Transportation that occurred in 1981. 
The Senate amendment contained a simi-
lar provision (sec. 3503). 
The Senate recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00311 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.131 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6620 September 29, 2015 
Payment for maritime security fleet vessels (sec. 
3504) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3505) that would increase by $24.0 million the amount authorized to be appropriated for ex-penses to maintain and preserve a United States-flagged merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
Melville Hall of United States Merchant Marine 
Academy (sec. 3505) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3506) that would allow the Maritime Admin-istrator to accept a gift from the U.S. Mer-chant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation for the purpose of ren-ovating Melville Hall on the campus of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. 
The Senate amendment contained an iden-
tical provision (sec. 1087). 
The Senate recedes. 
Cadet commitment agreements (sec. 3506) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3501) that would strengthen re-quirements for proper performance of reserve service obligations for U.S. Merchant Marine Academy (USMMA) graduates by providing clarity that graduates are required to apply for a position in the reserves of an armed force, maintain a Transportation Worker Identification Credential, and maintain a U.S. Coast Guard approved medical certifi-cate. This section also would change the re-serve service obligations of USMMA grad-uates from 6 to 8 years to conform with cur-rent Department of Defense reserve require-ments. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. Student incentive payment agreements (sec. 
3507) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3502) that would clarify the re-quirements for a graduate of the student in-centive payment (SIP) program to perform service obligations and facilitate enforce-ment of the reserve duty component of their service obligation. It would assist in the fed-eral government’s recoupment of funds if SIP graduates fail to fully perform their re-serve duty service obligation. This section also aligns current U.S. Coast Guard and De-partment of Defense (DOD) terminology to update references to licensing and the Stra-tegic Sealift Officer Program, as well as bring the Maritime Administration’s reserve service obligation requirement in line with DOD requirements for 8 years of reserve duty. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
Short sea transportation defined (sec. 3508) 
The Senate amendment contained a provi-
sion (sec. 3504) that would amend the defini-tion of short sea transportation in section 55605 of title 46, United States Code. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes. 
L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  
Reliance on classification society certification 
for purposes of eligibility for certificate of inspection 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
3504) that would modify section 53102 of title 46, United States Code, and require the U.S. Coast Guard to implement certain class soci-ety certification standards. 
The Senate amendment contained no simi-
lar provision. 
The House recedes. The conferees note the continued need for 
Maritime Security Program (MSP) vessels to meet national defense sealift needs. Section 
53102(e)(3)(A) of title 46, United States Code, establishes a process for the U.S. Coast Guard to rely on classification societies to certify compliance for MSP vessels, both ini-tially for reflag, and subsequently during re-newal inspections, based solely on applicable international agreements, associated guide-lines, and classification society rules. The conferees encourage the Coast Guard to use that process to the greatest extent prac-ticable. The Service should not set up unnec-essary barriers to entry for vessels the De-partment of Defense has determined it needs to meet national defense sealift require-ments. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
Authorization of amounts in funding tables (sec. 
4001) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
4001) that would provide for the authoriza-tion of projects, programs, and activities in accordance with the tables in division D. 
The Senate bill contained an identical pro-
vision (sec. 4001). 
The conference agreement includes this 
provision. 
Clarification of applicability of undistributed re-
ductions of certain operation and mainte-nance funding among all operation and maintenance funding (sec. 4002) 
The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 
4002) that clarifies that the undistributed re-ductions in funding for operation and main-tenance due to bulk fuel purchases and for-eign currency fluctuations, as shown in table 4301, can be applied to all operation and maintenance funding, regardless if funding is available in table 4301 or 4302. 
The House bill contained no similar provi-
sion. 
The House recedes with an amendment 
that would limit reductions mentioned above to table 4301 and 4303. 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
DISCRETIONARY AUTHORIZATIONS WITHIN THE JURISDICTION OF THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE 
National Defense Funding, Base Budget Request 
Function 051, Department of Defense-Military 
Division A: Department of Defense Authorizations Title I—Procurement 
Aircraft Procurement, Army ..................................................................................................... ............................................................... 5,689,357 171,000 5,860,357 
Missile Procurement, Army ...................................................................................................... ............................................................... 1,419,957 276,000 1,695,957 
Weapons & Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army ........................................................................................ ................................................. 1,887,073 424,500 2,311,573 
Procurement of Ammunition, Army ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 1,233,378 –10,952 1,222,426 
Other Procurement, Army ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 5,899,028 –285,746 5,613,282 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy ..................................................................................................... ............................................................... 16,126,405 1,801,406 17,927,811 
Weapons Procurement, Navy ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ 3,154,154 48,668 3,202,822 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy & Marine Corps ................................................................................. ............................................. 723,741 723,741 
Shipbuilding & Conversion, Navy ................................................................................................ .......................................................... 16,597,457 1,031,000 17,628,457 
Other Procurement, Navy ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 6,614,715 45,450 6,660,165 
Procurement, Marine Corps ...................................................................................................... .............................................................. 1,131,418 152,694 1,284,112 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force ................................................................................................ .............................................................. 15,657,769 391,644 16,049,413 
Missile Procurement, Air Force ................................................................................................. ............................................................. 2,987,045 –18,384 2,968,661 
Space Procurement, Air Force ................................................................................................... ............................................................. 2,584,061 –28,351 2,555,710 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force ........................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,758,843 18,500 1,777,343 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00312 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.132 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6621 September 29, 2015 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Other Procurement, Air Force ................................................................................................... .............................................................. 18,272,438 39,646 18,312,084 
Procurement, Defense-Wide ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 5,130,853 –100,769 5,030,084 
Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund ............................................................................................ ........................................................ 99,701 –99,701 0 
Subtotal, Title I—Procurement ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 106,967,393 3,856,605 110,823,998 
Title II—Research, Development, Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Army ................................................................................. ............................................... 6,924,959 196,688 7,121,647 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy ................................................................................. ................................................ 17,885,916 458,265 18,344,181 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Air Force ............................................................................ .............................................. 26,473,669 –599,164 25,874,505 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Defense-Wide ......................................................................... .......................................... 18,329,861 503,597 18,833,458 
Operational Test & Evaluation, Defense ......................................................................................... ....................................................... 170,558 170,558 
Subtotal, Title II—Research, Development, Test and Evaluation ..................................................................................................... 69,784,963 559,386 70,344,349 
Title III—Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 26,890,811 –75,300 26,815,511 
Operation & Maintenance, Army Reserve .......................................................................................... .................................................... 2,665,792 20,400 2,686,192 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard ................................................................................... ............................................... 6,717,977 421,500 7,139,477 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 21,997,790 –813,200 21,184,590 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps .......................................................................................... .................................................... 4,018,470 –65,600 3,952,870 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy Reserve .......................................................................................... .................................................... 1,001,758 –41,400 960,358 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve .................................................................................. ............................................... 277,036 –700 276,336 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force ............................................................................................. ......................................................... 30,531,942 –739,000 29,792,942 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force Reserve ..................................................................................... ................................................... 3,064,257 –113,700 2,950,557 
Operation & Maintenance, Air National Guard .................................................................................... .................................................. 6,956,210 –136,700 6,819,510 
Operation & Maintenance, Defense-Wide .......................................................................................... .................................................... 32,440,843 –756,200 31,684,643 
US Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, Defense .............................................................................. .............................................. 14,078 14,078 
Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster and Civic Aid .................................................................................. ................................................. 100,266 100,266 
Cooperative Threat Reduction ................................................................................................... ............................................................. 358,496 358,496 
Defense Acquisition Development Workforce Fund ................................................................................. ............................................... 84,140 84,140 
Environmental Restoration, Army ................................................................................................ ........................................................... 234,829 234,829 
Environmental Restoration, Navy ................................................................................................ ........................................................... 292,453 292,453 
Environmental Restoration, Air Force ........................................................................................... ......................................................... 368,131 368,131 
Environmental Restoration, Defense ............................................................................................. ......................................................... 8,232 8,232 
Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Sites ................................................................................. .................................................. 203,717 203,717 
Subtotal, Title III—Operation and Maintenance ............................................................................................................................... . 138,227,228 –2,299,900 135,927,328 
Title IV—Military Personnel 
Military Personnel Appropriations .............................................................................................. ............................................................ 130,491,227 –1,022,339 129,468,888 
Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Fund Contributions ............................................................................ ............................................... 6,243,449 6,243,449 
Subtotal, Title IV—Military Personnel ............................................................................................................................... .................. 136,734,676 –1,022,339 135,712,337 
Title XIV—Other Authorizations 
Working Capital Fund, Army ..................................................................................................... ............................................................. 50,432 50,432 
Working Capital Fund, Air Force ................................................................................................ ............................................................ 62,898 62,898 
Working Capital Fund, Defense-Wide ............................................................................................. ....................................................... 45,084 45,084 
Working Capital Fund, DECA ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 1,154,154 1,154,154 
National Defense Sealift Fund .................................................................................................. ............................................................. 474,164 281,200 755,364 
Chemical Agents & Munitions Destruction ........................................................................................ .................................................... 720,721 720,721 
Drug Interdiction and Counter Drug Activities .................................................................................. .................................................... 850,598 30,000 880,598 
Office of the Inspector General ................................................................................................ ............................................................. 316,159 –3,600 312,559 
Defense Health Program ......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 32,243,328 –700,194 31,543,134 
Subtotal, Title XIV—Other Authorizations ............................................................................................................................... ............ 35,917,538 –392,594 35,524,944 
Total, Division A: Department of Defense Authorizations .................................................................................................................. 487,631,798 701,158 488,332,956 
Division B: Military Construction Authorizations Military Construction 
Army ........................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 743,245 –45,500 697,745 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00313 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.133 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6622 September 29, 2015 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Navy ........................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 1,605,929 29,500 1,635,429 
Air Force ...................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,354,785 21,000 1,375,785 
Defense-Wide ................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 2,300,767 2,300,767 
NATO Security Investment Program ............................................................................................... ........................................................ 120,000 120,000 
Army National Guard ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 197,237 51,300 248,537 
Army Reserve ................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 113,595 34,200 147,795 
Navy and Marine Corps Reserve .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 36,078 36,078 
Air National Guard ............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 123,538 6,100 129,638 
Air Force Reserve .............................................................................................................. ..................................................................... 46,821 10,400 57,221 
Subtotal, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 6,641,995 107,000 6,748,995 
Family Housing 
Construction, Army ............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 99,695 99,695 
Operation & Maintenance, Army .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 393,511 393,511 
Construction, Navy and Marine Corps ............................................................................................ ....................................................... 16,541 16,541 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy and Marine Corps ................................................................................. ............................................. 353,036 353,036 
Construction, Air Force ........................................................................................................ ................................................................... 160,498 160,498 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force ............................................................................................. ......................................................... 331,232 331,232 
Operation & Maintenance, Defense-Wide .......................................................................................... .................................................... 58,668 58,668 
Subtotal, Family Housing ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1,413,181 0 1,413,181 
Base Realignment and Closure 
Base Realignment and Closure—Army .............................................................................................. ................................................... 29,691 29,691 
Base Realignment and Closure—Navy .............................................................................................. ................................................... 157,088 157,088 
Base Realignment and Closure—Air Force ......................................................................................... .................................................. 64,555 64,555 
Subtotal, Base Realignment and Closure ............................................................................................................................... ............. 251,334 0 251,334 
Undistributed Adjustments 
Prior Year Savings ............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 0 –335,000 –335,000 
Subtotal, Undistributed Adjustments ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 0 –335,000 –335,000 
Total, Division B: Military Construction Authorizations ...................................................................................................................... 8,306,510 –228,000 8,078,510 
Total, 051, Department of Defense-Military ............................................................................................................................... ......... 495,938,308 473,158 496,411,466 
Function 053, Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
Division C: Department of Energy National Security Authorization and Other Authorizations Environmental and Other Defense Activities 
Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 135,161 135,161 
Weapons Activities ............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 8,846,948 –44,151 8,802,797 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ........................................................... 1,940,302 1,198 1,941,500 
Naval Reactors ................................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 1,375,496 –15,500 1,359,996 
Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. ............................................................ 402,654 –14,654 388,000 
Defense Environmental Cleanup .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 5,527,347 –396,797 5,130,550 
Other Defense Activities ....................................................................................................... .................................................................. 774,425 –3,903 770,522 
Subtotal, Environmental and Other Defense Activities ...................................................................................................................... 19,002,333 –473,807 18,528,526 
Independent Federal Agency Authorization 
Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board ........................................................................................ ....................................................... 29,150 29,150 
Subtotal, Independent Federal Agency Authorization ........................................................................................................................ 29,150 0 29,150 
Subtotal, Division C: Department of Energy National Security Authorization and Other Authorizations ....................................... 19,031,483 –473,807 18,557,676 
Subtotal, 053, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... 19,031,483 –473,807 18,557,676 
Total, National Defense Funding, Base Budget Request .................................................................................................................... 514,969,791 –649 514,969,142 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00314 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.133 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6623 September 29, 2015 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
National Defense Funding, OCO Budget Request 
Function 051, Department of Defense-Military 
Procurement 
Aircraft Procurement, Army ..................................................................................................... ............................................................... 164,987 164,987 
Missile Procurement, Army ...................................................................................................... ............................................................... 37,260 37,260 
Weapons & Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army ........................................................................................ ................................................. 26,030 26,030 
Procurement of Ammunition, Army ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 192,040 192,040 
Other Procurement, Army ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 1,205,596 1,205,596 
Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund .................................................................................. .................................................. 493,271 –54,464 438,807 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy ..................................................................................................... ............................................................... 217,394 217,394 
Weapons Procurement, Navy ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ 3,344 3,344 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy & Marine Corps ................................................................................. ............................................. 136,930 136,930 
Other Procurement, Navy ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 12,186 12,186 
Procurement, Marine Corps ...................................................................................................... .............................................................. 48,934 48,934 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force ................................................................................................ .............................................................. 128,900 128,900 
Missile Procurement, Air Force ................................................................................................. ............................................................. 289,142 289,142 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force ........................................................................................... ....................................................... 228,874 228,874 
Other Procurement, Air Force ................................................................................................... .............................................................. 3,859,964 3,859,964 
Procurement, Defense-Wide ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 212,418 206,400 418,818 
National Guard & Reserve Equipment ............................................................................................. ...................................................... 0 420,000 420,000 
Subtotal, Procurement ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 7,257,270 571,936 7,829,206 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Army ................................................................................. ............................................... 1,500 1,500 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy ................................................................................. ................................................ 35,747 35,747 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Air Force ............................................................................ .............................................. 17,100 17,100 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Defense-Wide ......................................................................... .......................................... 137,087 267,595 404,682 
Subtotal, Research, Development, Test and Evaluation ..................................................................................................................... 191,434 267,595 459,029 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 11,382,750 120,800 11,503,550 
Operation & Maintenance, Army Reserve .......................................................................................... .................................................... 24,559 24,559 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard ................................................................................... ............................................... 60,845 60,845 
Afghanistan Security Forces Fund ............................................................................................... .......................................................... 3,762,257 3,762,257 
Iraq Train & Equip Fund ........................................................................................................ ................................................................ 715,000 715,000 
Syria Train & Equip Fund ....................................................................................................... ............................................................... 600,000 –68,550 531,450 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 5,131,588 20,300 5,151,888 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps .......................................................................................... .................................................... 952,534 952,534 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy Reserve .......................................................................................... .................................................... 31,643 31,643 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve .................................................................................. ............................................... 3,455 3,455 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force ............................................................................................. ......................................................... 9,090,013 –15,950 9,074,063 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force Reserve ..................................................................................... ................................................... 58,106 58,106 
Operation & Maintenance, Air National Guard .................................................................................... .................................................. 19,900 19,900 
Operation & Maintenance, Defense-Wide .......................................................................................... .................................................... 5,805,633 –100,000 5,705,633 
Subtotal, Operation and Maintenance ............................................................................................................................... .................. 37,638,283 –43,400 37,594,883 
Military Personnel 
Military Personnel Appropriations .............................................................................................. ............................................................ 3,204,758 3,204,758 
Subtotal, Military Personnel ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 3,204,758 0 3,204,758 
Other Authorizations 
Working Capital Fund, Air Force ................................................................................................ ............................................................ 2,500 2,500 
Working Capital Fund, Defense-Wide ............................................................................................. ....................................................... 86,350 86,350 
Drug Interdiction and Counter Drug Activities .................................................................................. .................................................... 186,000 186,000 
Office of the Inspector General ................................................................................................ ............................................................. 10,262 10,262 
Defense Health Program ......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 272,704 272,704 
Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund ............................................................................................. ......................................................... 2,100,000 –1,100,000 1,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00315 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.133 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6624 September 29, 2015 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Ukraine Security Assistance .................................................................................................... ............................................................... 0 300,000 300,000 
Subtotal, Other Authorizations ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 2,657,816 –800,000 1,857,816 
Total, National Defense Funding, OCO Budget Request ..................................................................................................................... 50,949,561 –3,869 50,945,692 
National Defense Funding, Additional Authorizations 
Function 051, Department of Defense-Military 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 8,216,735 8,216,735 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 20,202,966 20,202,966 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps .......................................................................................... .................................................... 2,210,312 2,210,312 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force ............................................................................................. ......................................................... 7,659,987 7,659,987 
Total Operation and Maintenance, Army ............................................................................................................................... .............. 38,290,000 0 38,290,000 
Total, National Defense Funding, Additional Authorizations .............................................................................................................. 38,290,000 0 38,290,000 
Total, National Defense Funding, Overseas Contingency Operations and Additional Authorizations ............................................. 89,239,561 –3,869 89,235,692 
Total, National Defense ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 604,209,352 –4,518 604,204,834 
MEMORANDUM: NON-DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS 
Title XIV—Armed Forces Retirement Home (Function 600) .......................................................................... ........................................ 64,300 64,300 
Title XIV—Cemeterial Expenses, Army (Function 700) ............................................................................. ............................................ 70,800 70,800 
Title XXXIV—Naval Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves (Function 270) .............................................................. ................................. 17,500 17,500 
Title XXXV—Maritime Administration (Function 400) .............................................................................. ............................................. 184,637 184,637 
MEMORANDUM: TRANSFER AUTHORITIES (NON-ADD) 
Title X—General Transfer Authority ............................................................................................. ......................................................... [5,000,000 ] [–500,000] [4,500,000 ] 
Title XV—Special Transfer Authority ............................................................................................ ......................................................... [3,500,000 ] [3,500,000 ] 
MEMORANDUM: DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS NOT UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE (NON-ADD) 
Defense Production Act ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. [46,680 ] [46,680 ] 
NATIONAL DEFENSE BUDGET AUTHORITY IMPLICATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Summary, Discretionary Authorizations Within the Jurisdiction of the Armed Services Committee 
SUBTOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (051) ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 495,938,308 473,158 496,411,466 
SUBTOTAL, ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE PROGRAMS (053) ............................................................................................................................... .. 19,031,483 –473,807 18,557,676 
TOTAL, NATIONAL DEFENSE (050)—BASE BILL ............................................................................................................................... ................. 514,969,791 –649 514,969,142 
TOTAL, OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................................... .................. 89,239,561 –3,869 89,235,692 
GRAND TOTAL, NATIONAL DEFENSE ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 604,209,352 –4,518 604,204,834 
Base National Defense Discretionary Programs that are Not 
In the Jurisdiction of the Armed Services Committee or Do Not Require Additional Authorization 
Defense Production Act Purchases ............................................................................................... ..................................................................... 25,000 25,000 
Indefinite Account: Disposal Of DOD Real Property .............................................................................. ............................................................ 8,000 8,000 
Indefinite Account: Lease Of DOD Real Property ................................................................................. .............................................................. 33,000 33,000 
Subtotal, Budget Sub-Function 051 ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 66,000 66,000 
Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program ................................................................................ ............................................................. 104,000 104,000 
Subtotal, Budget Sub-Function 053 ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 104,000 104,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00316 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.133 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6625 September 29, 2015 
NATIONAL DEFENSE BUDGET AUTHORITY IMPLICATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
FY 2016 
Request Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Other Discretionary Programs ................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 7,566,000 7,566,000 
Subtotal, Budget Sub-Function 054 ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 7,566,000 7,566,000 
Total Defense Discretionary Adjustments (050) ............................................................................................................................... .............. 7,736,000 7,736,000 
Budget Authority Implication, National Defense Discretionary 
Department of Defense--Military (051) .......................................................................................... ................................................................... 585,243,869 469,289 585,713,158 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities (053) ......................................................................................... ................................................................... 19,135,483 –473,807 18,661,676 
Defense-Related Activities (054) ............................................................................................... ........................................................................ 7,566,000 7,566,000 
Total BA Implication, National Defense Discretionary ............................................................................................................................... .... 611,945,352 –4,518 611,940,834 
National Defense Mandatory Programs, Current Law (CBO Estimates) 
Concurrent receipt accrual payments to the Military Retirement Fund ............................................................ ............................................... 6,932,000 6,932,000 
Revolving, trust and other DOD Mandatory ....................................................................................... ................................................................ 1,135,000 1,135,000 
Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................. –1,593,000 –1,593,000 
Subtotal, Budget Sub-Function 051 ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 6,474,000 6,474,000 
Energy employees occupational illness compensation programs and other .......................................................... .......................................... 1,168,000 1,168,000 
Subtotal, Budget Sub-Function 053 ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 1,168,000 1,168,000 
Radiation exposure compensation trust fund ..................................................................................... .............................................................. 59,000 59,000 
Payment to CIA retirement fund and other ....................................................................................... ................................................................ 514,000 514,000 
Subtotal, Budget Sub-Function 054 ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 573,000 573,000 
Total National Defense Mandatory (050) ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 8,215,000 8,215,000 
Budget Authority Implication, National Defense Discretionary and Mandatory 
Department of Defense--Military (051) .......................................................................................... ................................................................... 591,717,869 469,289 592,187,158 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities (053) ......................................................................................... ................................................................... 20,303,483 –473,807 19,829,676 
Defense-Related Activities (054) ............................................................................................... ........................................................................ 8,139,000 8,139,000 
Total BA Implication, National Defense Discretionary and Mandatory ......................................................................................................... 620,160,352 –4,518 620,155,834 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
002 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT .......................................................... 879 879 879 879 004 MQ–1 UAV ............................................................................. 15 260,436 15 277,436 15 260,436 17,00 0 15 277,436 
Extended Range Modifications .................................... [17,000 ] [17,000 ] 
ROTARY 
006 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) ....................................... 28 187,177 28 187,177 28 187,177 28 187,177 007 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ...................................... 64 1,168,461 64 1,168,461 64 1,168,461 64 1,168,461 008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 209,930 209,930 209,930 209,930 011 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ................................... 94 1,435,945 102 1,563,945 94 1,435,945 8 128,000 102 1,563 ,945 
Additional 8 rotorcraft for Army National Guard ........ [8 ] [128,000 ] [8 ] [128,000 ] 
012 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 127,079 127,079 127,079 127,079 013 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................... 40 46,641 48 55,441 40 46,641 40 46,641 
Additional 8 rotorcraft for Army National Guard ........ [8 ] [8,800 ] 
014 CH–47 HELICOPTER .............................................................. 39 1,024,587 39 1,024,587 39 1,024,587 39 1,0 24,587 
015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 99,344 99,344 99,344 99,344 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
016 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ........................................................... 97,543 97,543 97,543 97,543 019 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ........................................ 95,725 95,725 95,725 95,725 020 AH–64 MODS ........................................................................ 116,153 116,153 116,153 116,153 021 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) ............................ 86,330 86,330 86,330 86,330 022 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................... 4,019 4,019 4,019 4,019 023 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................... 16,302 16,302 16,302 16,302 024 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) .................................................. 13,669 13,669 13,669 13,669 025 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS .......................................... 16,166 16,166 16,166 16,166 026 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS .................................................. 13,793 13,793 13,793 13,793 028 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN .............................................. 112,807 112,807 112,807 112,807 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00317 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.133 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6626 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
029 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ................................................ 82,904 82,904 82,904 82,904 
030 GATM ROLLUP ....................................................................... 33,890 33,890 33,890 33,890 
031 RQ–7 UAV MODS .................................................................. 81,444 81,444 81,444 81,444 
GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 
032 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT .................................. 56,215 56,215 56,215 56,215 033 SURVIVABILITY CM ................................................................ 8,917 8,917 8,917 8,917 034 CMWS .................................................................................... 78,348 104,348 104,348 26,000 104,3 48 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded 
Requirement.[26,000 ] [26,000 ] [26,000 ] 
OTHER SUPPORT 
035 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................... 6,937 6,937 6,937 6,937 036 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ............................................ 64,867 64,867 64,867 64,867 037 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS .......................................... 44,085 44,085 44,085 44,085 038 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL .......................................................... 94,545 94,545 94,545 94,545 039 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ......................................................... 1,207 1,207 1,207 1,207 040 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ..................................................... 3,012 3,012 3,012 3,012 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ................ 280 5,689,357 296 5,869,157 280 5,715,357 8 171,000 288 5,860,357 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 
001 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ................... 115,075 115,075 115,075 115,075 002 MSE MISSILE ......................................................................... 80 414,946 80 414,946 80 614,946 200,00 0 80 614,946 
Army UPL for Patriot PAC 3 for improved ballistic 
missile.[200,000 ] [200,000 ] 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
003 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ...................................................... 113 27,975 113 27,975 113 27,975 113 27,975 004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 27,738 27,738 27,738 27,738 
ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 
005 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ................................. 331 77,163 850 168,163 331 77,163 519 91,000 850 168,163 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements [519 ] [91,000 ] [519 ] [91,000 ] 
006 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY .................................................... 1,704 87,525 1,704 87,525 1,704 87,525 1,704 87,525  
008 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .......................................... 1,668 251,060 1,668 251,060 1,668 251,060 1,668 251,060  
009 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) .......... 3,121 17,428 3,121 17,428 3,121 17,428 3,121 17,428 
MODIFICATIONS 
011 PATRIOT MODS ...................................................................... 241,883 241,883 241,883 241,883 012 ATACMS MODS ...................................................................... 30,119 15,119 20,119 –15,000 15,119 
Early to need ............................................................... [–15,000 ] [–10,000 ] [–15,000 ] 
013 GMLRS MOD .......................................................................... 18,221 18,221 18,221 18,221 014 STINGER MODS ..................................................................... 2,216 2,216 2,216 2,216 015 AVENGER MODS .................................................................... 6,171 6,171 6,171 6,171 016 ITAS/TOW MODS .................................................................... 19,576 19,576 19,576 19,576 017 MLRS MODS .......................................................................... 35,970 35,970 35,970 35,970 018 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ....................................................... 3,148 3,148 3,148 3,148 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
019 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ................................................. 33,778 33,778 33,778 33,778 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
020 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ......................................................... 3,717 3,717 3,717 3,717 021 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MISSILES) ................................... 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 022 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ............................................... 4,704 4,704 4,704 4,704 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ................... 7,017 1,419,957 7,536 1,495,957 7,017 1,609,957 519 276,000 7,536 1,695,957 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
001 STRYKER VEHICLE ................................................................. 181,245 181,245 181,245 181,245 
MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
002 STRYKER (MOD) .................................................................... 74,085 118,585 388,085 314,000 388,085 
Lethality Upgrades ....................................................... [44,500 ] [314,000 ] [314,000 ] 
003 STRYKER UPGRADE ............................................................... 62 305,743 62 305,743 62 305,743 62 305,743 005 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ................................................... 225,042 225,042 225,042 225,042 006 HOWITZER, MED SP FT 155MM M109A6 (MOD) ................... 60,079 60,079 60,079 60,079 007 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................... 30 273,850 30 273,850 30 273,850 30 273,850 008 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ........... 31 123,629 31 195,629 31 195,629 72,000 31 195,629 
Additional Vehicles – Army Unfunded Requirement ... [72,000 ] [72,000 ] [72,000 ] 
009 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ....................................................... 2,461 2,461 2,461 2,461 010 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE .............................................. 2,975 2,975 2,975 2,975 011 M88 FOV MODS ..................................................................... 14,878 14,878 14,878 14,878 012 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ........................................................ 4 33,455 4 33,455 4 33,455 4 33,455 013 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ..................................................... 367,939 407,939 367,939 40,000 407,939 
Program Increase ......................................................... [40,000 ] [40,000 ] 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
015 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (TCV-WTCV) ........................... 6,479 6,479 6,479 6,479 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00318 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6627 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
016 MORTAR SYSTEMS ................................................................ 4,991 4,991 4,991 4,991 
017 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ...................... 26,294 26,294 26,294 26,294 018 PRECISION SNIPER RIFLE ..................................................... 1,984 –1,984 
Army request – schedule delay ................................... [–1,984 ] [–1,984 ] [–1,984 ] 
019 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ....................... 1,488 –1,488 
Army request – schedule delay ................................... [–1,488 ] [–1,488 ] [–1,488 ] 
020 CARBINE ................................................................................ 34,460 34,460 34,460 34,460 021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ............ 8,367 8,367 14,767 6,383 14,750 
Army requested adjustment ........................................ [6,400 ] [6,383 ] 
022 HANDGUN .............................................................................. 5,417 –5,417 
Army request – early to need and schedule delay ..... [–5,417 ] [–5,417 ] [–5,417 ] 
MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
023 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS ............................... 2,777 2,777 2,777 2,777 024 M777 MODS .......................................................................... 10,070 10,070 10,070 10,070 025 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................... 27,566 27,566 27,566 27,566 026 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ......................................... 44,004 44,004 44,004 44,004 027 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS .......................................... 1,190 1,190 1,190 1,190 028 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................... 1,424 1,424 1,424 1,424 029 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ............................................ 2,431 980 1,031 –1,451 980 
Army request – schedule delay ................................... [–1,451 ] [–1,400 ] [–1,451 ] 
030 M119 MODIFICATIONS ........................................................... 20,599 20,599 20,599 20,599 032 MORTAR MODIFICATION ........................................................ 6,300 6,300 6,300 6,300 033 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ............... 3,737 3,737 3,737 3,737 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
034 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .............................. 391 391 2,891 2,457 2,848 
Army requested adjustment ........................................ [2,500 ] [2,457 ] 
035 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ........................ 9,027 11,484 9,027 9,027 
Army requested realignment ....................................... [2,457 ] 
036 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ................................................. 304 304 304 304 037 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ................. 2,392 2,392 2,392 2,392 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............... 127 1,887,073 127 2,035,690 127 2,271,684 424,500 127 2,311,573 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
001 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................... 43,489 43,489 43,489 43,489 002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................... 40,715 40,715 40,715 40,715 003 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .................................................. 7,753 6,753 6,801 –952 6,801 
Army request – program reduction ............................. [–1,000 ] [–952 ] [–952 ] 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ..................................................... 24,728 24,728 24,728 24,728 005 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................ 8,305 8,305 8,305 8,305 006 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................ 34,330 34,330 34,330 34,330 007 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................ 79,972 69,972 69,972 –10,000 69,972 
Early to need ............................................................... [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
008 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................. 42,898 42,898 42,898 42,898 009 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................. 43,500 43,500 43,500 43,500 010 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ................................................ 64,372 64,372 64,372 64,372 
TANK AMMUNITION 
011 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ......... 105,541 105,541 105,541 105,541 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
012 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ....... 57,756 57,756 57,756 57,756 013 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ........................ 77,995 77,995 77,995 77,995 014 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ................................ 45,518 45,518 45,518 45,518 015 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ......... 78,024 78,024 78,024 78,024 
ROCKETS 
016 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................... 7,500 7,500 7,500 7,500 017 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ........................................... 33,653 33,653 33,653 33,653 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
018 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES ............................................................ 5,639 5,639 5,639 5,639 019 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................... 9,751 9,751 9,751 9,751 020 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................... 19,993 19,993 19,993 19,993 021 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ............................................................. 9,761 9,761 9,761 9,761 022 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ...................................................... 9,749 9,749 9,749 9,749 
MISCELLANEOUS 
023 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES ......................................... 3,521 3,521 3,521 3,521 024 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ................................. 1,700 1,700 1,700 1,700 025 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ................................ 6,181 6,181 6,181 6,181 026 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ..................................... 17,811 17,811 17,811 17,811 027 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) .................... 14,695 14,695 14,695 14,695 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
029 PROVISION OF INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................. 221,703 221,703 221,703 221,703 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00319 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6628 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
030 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION .................... 113,250 113,250 113,250 113,250 
031 ARMS INITIATIVE ................................................................... 3,575 3,575 3,575 3,575 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ..... 1,233,378 1,222,378 1,222,426 –10,952 1,222,426 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
001 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS .......................................... 12,855 12,855 12,855 12,855 002 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ...................................................... 53 53 53 53 004 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................ 450 308,336 450 308,336 450 308,336 450 308,336 005 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) .......................... 166 90,040 166 90,040 166 90,040 166 90,040 006 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ............... 8,444 8,444 8,444 8,444 007 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................... 273 27,549 273 27,549 273 27,549 273 27,549 008 PLS ESP ................................................................................ 127,102 127,102 127,102 127,102 010 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................. 48,292 48,292 48,292 48,292 011 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP .......................................... 130,993 130,993 130,993 130,993 012 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ........ 19,146 19,146 19,146 19,146 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 
014 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ........................................ 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 015 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER .......................................... 9,614 9,614 9,614 9,614 
COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 
016 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ................... 783,116 743,116 583,116 –139,746 643,370 
Unobligated balances .................................................. [–40,000 ] [–200,000 ] [–139,746 ] 
017 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ...................................... 49,898 49,898 49,898 49,898 018 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ........... 4,062 4,062 4,062 4,062 019 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ............................................ 5,008 5,008 5,008 5,008 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
020 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS .......... 196,306 196,306 196,306 196,306 021 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS .. 44,998 34,998 29,998 –10,000 34,998 
Program Reduction ...................................................... [–10,000 ] [–15,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
022 SHF TERM ............................................................................. 7,629 7,629 7,629 7,629 023 NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE) ................ 14,027 14,027 14,027 14,027 024 SMART-T (SPACE) ................................................................. 13,453 13,453 13,453 13,453 025 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ................................................ 6,265 6,265 6,265 6,265 026 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (TAC SAT) ........................................ 1,042 1,042 1,042 1,042 027 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) ................................... 7,116 7,116 7,116 7,116 
COMM—C3 SYSTEM 
028 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) .................... 10,137 10,137 10,137 10,137 
COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 
029 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ............................................ 64,640 54,640 64,640 –10,000 54,640 
Unobligated balances .................................................. [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
030 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ............. 27,762 22,762 27,762 –5,000 22,762 
Excess Program Management Costs ........................... [–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
031 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ..................................... 9,422 9,422 9,422 9,422 032 AMC CRITICAL ITEMS—OPA2 ............................................... 26,020 26,020 26,020 26,020 033 TRACTOR DESK ..................................................................... 4,073 4,073 4,073 4,073 034 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ................................. 1,403 1,403 1,403 1,403 035 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR ............... 9,199 9,199 9,199 9,199 036 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM COMM/ELECTRONICS ... 349 349 349 349 037 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ...... 25,597 25,597 25,597 25,597 038 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ..................................................... 21,854 21,854 21,854 21,854 040 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ....... 24,388 24,388 24,388 24,388 
COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 
042 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE ........................................... 1,349 1,349 1,349 1,349 043 ARMY CA/MISO GPF EQUIPMENT .......................................... 3,695 3,695 3,695 3,695 
INFORMATION SECURITY 
045 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP ............... 19,920 19,920 19,920 19,920 046 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) .............................. 72,257 72,257 72,257 72,257 
COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 
047 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ....................................... 16,082 16,082 16,082 16,082 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
048 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ........................................................ 86,037 86,037 86,037 86,037 050 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ...... 8,550 8,550 8,550 8,550 051 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ........ 73,496 73,496 73,496 73,496 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
054 JTT/CIBS-M ............................................................................ 881 881 881 881 055 PROPHET GROUND ................................................................ 63,650 48,650 48,650 –15,000 48,650 
Program reduction ....................................................... [–15,000 ] [–15,000 ] [–15,000 ] 
057 DCGS-A (MIP) ........................................................................ 260,268 250,268 260,268 –10,000 250,268  
Program reduction ....................................................... [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
058 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) .......................... 3,906 3,906 3,906 3,906 059 TROJAN (MIP) ........................................................................ 13,929 13,929 13,929 13,929 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00320 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6629 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
060 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ............................ 3,978 3,978 3,978 3,978 
061 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) ................. 7,542 7,542 7,542 7,542 062 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ............. 8,010 8,010 8,010 8,010 063 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM-M ..... 8,125 8,125 8,125 8,125 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
064 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ............................. 63,472 63,472 63,472 63,472 065 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ................. 2,556 2,556 2,556 2,556 066 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) .............................................................. 8,224 8,224 8,224 8,224 067 CREW .................................................................................... 2,960 2,960 2,960 2,960 068 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ........... 1,722 1,722 1,722 1,722 069 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ...... 447 447 447 447 070 CI MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 228 228 228 228 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
071 SENTINEL MODS .................................................................... 43,285 43,285 43,285 43,285 072 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ......................................................... 124,216 124,216 124,216 124,216 074 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ............... 23,216 23,216 23,216 23,216 076 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ............... 60,679 60,679 60,679 60,679 077 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ....................................... 53,453 53,453 53,453 53,453 078 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP ............................................... 3,338 3,338 3,338 3,338 079 PROFILER .............................................................................. 4,057 4,057 4,057 4,057 081 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) .................... 133,339 133,339 133,339 133,339 082 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) .......................... 47,212 47,212 47,212 47,212 083 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) ............................................. 22,314 22,314 22,314 22,314 084 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ................................. 12,131 12,131 12,131 12,131 085 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .......................................... 10,075 10,075 10,075 10,075 086 COUNTERFIRE RADARS ......................................................... 217,379 187,379 142,379 –50,000 167,379 
Unobligated balances .................................................. [–30,000 ] [–75,000 ] [–50,000 ] 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
087 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY .................................................... 1,190 1,190 1,190 1,190 090 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................ 28,176 28,176 28,176 28,176 091 IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM ......................................... 20,917 15,917 20,917 –5,000 15,917 
Program Reduction ...................................................... [–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
092 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ............................. 5,850 5,850 5,850 5,850 093 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ....... 12,738 12,738 12,738 12,738 094 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) ................................... 145,405 145,405 145,405 145,405 095 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) .......... 162,654 162,654 146,654 –16,000 146,654 
Program growth ........................................................... [–16,000 ] [–16,000 ] 
096 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP ...... 4,446 4,446 4,446 4,446 098 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ........ 16,218 16,218 16,218 16,218 099 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ................................. 1,138 1,138 1,138 1,138 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
100 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ......................................... 12,089 12,089 12,089 12,089 101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ................................ 105,775 105,775 93,775 105,775 
Reduce IT procurement ................................................ [–12,000 ] 
102 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ....... 18,995 18,995 18,995 18,995 103 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................ 62,319 62,319 62,319 62,319 104 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) ................ 17,894 17,894 17,894 17,894 
ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 
106 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) ............... 4,242 4,242 4,242 4,242 
ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 
107 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) ...................................... 425 425 425 425 108 BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES ............................................ 7,438 7,438 7,438 7,438 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
108A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 6,467 6,467 6,467 6,467 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
109 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS .......................................................... 248 248 248 248 110 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ........................ 1,487 1,487 1,487 1,487 112 CBRN DEFENSE ..................................................................... 26,302 26,302 26,302 26,302 
BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 
113 TACTICAL BRIDGING .............................................................. 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 114 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON ........................................ 21,516 21,516 21,516 21,516 115 BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET ................................................ 4,959 4,959 4,959 4,959 116 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ................... 52,546 42,546 52,546 52,546 
Program decrease ........................................................ [–10,000 ] 
ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 
117 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ............ 58,682 58,682 58,682 58,682 118 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) .................... 13,565 13,565 13,565 13,565 119 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ...................... 2,136 2,136 2,136 2,136 120 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ....................... 6,960 6,960 6,960 6,960 121 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQPMT (EOD EQPMT) ...... 17,424 17,424 17,424 17,424 122 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS ............................................ 8,284 8,284 8,284 8,284 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00321 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6630 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
123 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ..................................... 5,459 5,459 5,459 5,459 
124 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS .......................................... 8,429 8,429 8,429 8,429 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
125 HEATERS AND ECU’S ............................................................ 18,876 18,876 18,876 18,876 127 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ....................................................... 2,287 2,287 2,287 2,287 128 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) .............. 7,733 7,733 7,733 7,733 129 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ................................................... 49,798 49,798 49,798 49,798 130 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ...................................................... 43,639 43,639 43,639 43,639 132 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................. 13,118 13,118 13,118 13,118 133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .... 28,278 28,278 28,278 28,278 135 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ......... 34,544 34,544 34,544 34,544 
136 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) ....................................... 595 595 595 595 
PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 
137 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT .................................... 5,368 5,368 5,368 5,368 138 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................. 35,381 35,381 35,381 35,381 
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 
139 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ................................................. 73,828 73,828 73,828 73,828 
MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 
140 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ...................... 25,270 25,270 25,270 25,270 141 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) .................................. 2,760 2,760 2,760 2,760 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
142 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) ............................... 5,903 5,903 5,903 5,903 143 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING .................................................... 26,125 26,125 26,125 26,125 146 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED ..................................................... 27,156 27,156 27,156 27,156 147 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ........................................................... 16,750 16,750 16,750 16,750 148 PLANT, ASPHALT MIXING ....................................................... 984 984 984 984 149 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) ................... 2,656 2,656 2,656 2,656 150 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ............ 2,531 2,531 2,531 2,531 151 FAMILY OF DIVER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................. 446 446 446 446 152 CONST EQUIP ESP ................................................................. 19,640 19,640 19,640 19,640 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ............................ 5,087 5,087 5,087 5,087 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 
154 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ....................................................... 39,772 39,772 39,772 39,772 155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ................................ 5,835 94,835 5,835 5,835 
Strategic mobility shortfall mitigation – railcar ac-
quisition.[89,000 ] 
GENERATORS 
156 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ................................. 166,356 146,356 166,356 166,356 
Program decrease ........................................................ [–20,000 ] 
157 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................... 11,505 11,505 11,505 11,505 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................... 17,496 17,496 17,496 17,496 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
160 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ................................ 74,916 74,916 74,916 74,916 161 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM .......................................... 303,236 278,236 278,236 –25,000 278,236 
Program reduction ....................................................... [–25,000 ] [–25,000 ] [–25,000 ] 
162 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER ..................................... 45,210 45,210 45,210 45,210 163 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER ................... 30,068 30,068 30,068 30,068 164 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ...... 9,793 9,793 9,793 9,793 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 
165 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ............................................ 4,650 4,650 4,650 4,650 166 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................. 34,487 34,487 34,487 34,487 167 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ........................ 11,083 11,083 11,083 11,083 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............... 17,937 17,937 17,937 17,937 170 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ................................. 52,040 52,040 52,040 52,040 171 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ....................................... 1,568 1,568 1,568 1,568 172 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................... 64,219 64,219 64,219 64,219 173 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) ..................................... 1,525 1,525 1,525 1,525 174 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ............................. 3,268 3,268 3,268 3,268 176 TRACTOR YARD ..................................................................... 7,191 7,191 7,191 7,191 
OPA2 
177 INITIAL SPARES—C&E .......................................................... 48,511 48,511 48,511 48,511 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ..................... 889 5,899,028 889 5,808,028 889 5,541,028 –285,746 889 5,613,282 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
002 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET .............................................. 12 1,150,000 12 1,150,000 12 978,750 12 978,750 
Additional 12 Aircraft—Navy Unfunded Requirement [12 ] [1,150,000 ] [12 ] [1,150,000 ] [12 ] [978,750 ] 
003 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .................................................... 4 897,542 4 873,042 4 873,042 –24,500 4 873,042 
Anticipated contract savings ...................................... [–7,700 ] [–7,700 ] Cost growth for support equipment ............................ [–16,800 ] [–16,800 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00322 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6631 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ........................... [–24,500 ] 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 48,630 48,630 48,630 48,630 005 JSF STOVL ............................................................................. 9 1,483,414 15 2,458,314 15 2,508,314  6 846,000 15 2,329,414 
Additional 6 Aircraft—Marine Corps Unfunded Re-
quirement.[6 ] [1,000,000 ] [6 ] [1,050,000 ] [6 ] [846,000 ] 
Anticipated contract savings ...................................... [–17,600 ] 
Cost growth for support equipment ............................ [–7,500 ] Efficiencies and excess cost growth ........................... [–25,100 ] 
006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 203,060 203,060 203,060 203,060 007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 41,300 41,300 41,300 41,300 008 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ............................................................. 19 1,436,355 19 1,436,355 19 1,436,355 –15,0 00 19 1,421,355 
Support funding carryover ........................................... [–15,000 ] 
009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 43,853 43,853 43,853 43,853 010 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) .......................................... 28 800,057 28 800,057 28 800,057 28 800,057 011 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 56,168 56,168 56,168 56,168 012 MH–60S (MYP) ...................................................................... 28,232 28,232 28,232 28,232 014 MH–60R (MYP) ..................................................................... 29 969,991 29 969,991 29 969,991 –5,000 29  964,991 
Poor justification of production line shutdown funds [–5,000 ] 
016 P–8A POSEIDON .................................................................... 16 3,008,928 16 3,008,928 16 3,008,928 16 3,008,928 
017 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 269,568 269,568 269,568 –19,000 250,568 
Advance procurement cost growth .............................. [–19,000 ] 
018 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ............................................................. 5 857,654 5 857,654 5 857,654 5 857,654 019 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 195,336 195,336 195,336 195,336 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
020 JPATS ..................................................................................... 8,914 8,914 8,914 8,914 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
021 KC–130J ................................................................................ 2 192,214 2 192,214 2 192,214 2 192, 214 
022 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 24,451 24,451 24,451 24,451 023 MQ–4 TRITON ........................................................................ 3 494,259 4 559,259 3 494,259 1 65,000 4  559,259 
Additional Air Vehicle .................................................. [1 ] [65,000 ] [1 ] [65,000 ] 
024 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 54,577 72,577 54,577 54,577 
Additional Advance Procurement ................................. [18,000 ] 
025 MQ–8 UAV ............................................................................. 2 120,020 2 156,020 2 120,020 36,000 2  156,020 
MQ–8 UAV-Additional three air vehicles ..................... [36,000 ] [36,000 ] 
026 STUASL0 UAV ........................................................................ 3,450 3,450 3,450 3,450 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
028 EA–6 SERIES ......................................................................... 9,799 9,799 9,799 9,799 029 AEA SYSTEMS ........................................................................ 23,151 38,151 23,151 15,000 38,151 
Additional Low Band Transmitter Modifications ......... [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
030 AV–8 SERIES ......................................................................... 41,890 41,890 45,190 3,300 45,190 
AV–8B Link 16 upgrades, unfunded requirement ...... [3,300 ] [3,300 ] 
031 ADVERSARY ........................................................................... 5,816 5,816 5,816 5,816 032 F–18 SERIES ......................................................................... 978,756 968,456 1,148,756 –10,300 968,4 56 
Jamming protection upgrades, unfunded requirement [170,000 ] Unjustified request ...................................................... [–10,300 ] [–10,300 ] 
034 H–53 SERIES ........................................................................ 46,887 46,887 46,887 46,887 035 SH–60 SERIES ...................................................................... 107,728 107,728 107,728 107,728 036 H–1 SERIES .......................................................................... 42,315 42,315 42,315 –1,750 40,565 
Unjustified growth—installation funding ................... [–1,750 ] 
037 EP–3 SERIES ......................................................................... 41,784 41,784 41,784 41,784 038 P–3 SERIES ........................................................................... 3,067 3,067 3,067 3,067 039 E–2 SERIES ........................................................................... 20,741 20,741 20,741 20,741 040 TRAINER A/C SERIES ............................................................ 27,980 27,980 27,980 27,980 041 C–2A ..................................................................................... 8,157 8,157 8,157 8,157 042 C–130 SERIES ...................................................................... 70,335 70,335 70,335 –1,294 69,041 
Unjustified growth—installation funding ................... [–1,294 ] 
043 FEWSG ................................................................................... 633 633 633 633 044 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES ........................................... 8,916 8,916 8,916 8,916 045 E–6 SERIES ........................................................................... 185,253 185,253 185,253 185,253 046 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ......................................... 76,138 76,138 76,138 –3,800 72,338 
Unjustified growth—installation funding ................... [–3,800 ] 
047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................. 23,702 23,702 23,702 23,702 048 T–45 SERIES ......................................................................... 105,439 105,439 105,439 105,439 049 POWER PLANT CHANGES ....................................................... 9,917 9,917 9,917 9,917 050 JPATS SERIES ........................................................................ 13,537 13,537 13,537 13,537 051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ................................................... 131,732 131,732 131,732 131,732 052 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .............................................. 202,745 202,745 202,745 202,745 053 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM ................................ 3,062 3,062 3,062 3,062 054 ID SYSTEMS .......................................................................... 48,206 48,206 48,206 48,206 055 P–8 SERIES ........................................................................... 28,492 28,492 28,492 28,492 056 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ..................................................... 7,680 7,680 7,680 7,680 057 MQ–8 SERIES ........................................................................ 22,464 22,464 22,464 22,464 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00323 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6632 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
058 RQ–7 SERIES ........................................................................ 3,773 3,773 3,773 3,773 
059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ........................................ 121,208 185,508 144,208 23,000 144,208 
Digital interoperability program .................................. [64,300 ] MV–22 Ballistic Protection .......................................... [8,000 ] [8,000 ] 
MV–22 integrated aircraft survivability—MC UFR ..... [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
060 F–35 STOVL SERIES .............................................................. 256,106 256,106 256,106 256,106 061 F–35 CV SERIES ................................................................... 68,527 68,527 68,527 68,527 062 QRC ....................................................................................... 6,885 6,885 6,885 6,885 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ................................................. 1,563,515 1,478,515 1,563,515 –85,000 1,478,515 
Program decrease ........................................................ [–85,000 ] [–85,000 ] 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
064 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ............................................ 450,959 450,959 450,959 450,959 065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ........................................ 24,010 24,010 24,010 24,010 066 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................. 42,012 42,012 42,012 42,012 067 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ............................................. 2,455 2,455 2,455 2,455 068 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................. 50,859 50,859 50,859 50,859 069 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION .................................. 1,801 1,801 1,801 1,801 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ................. 117 16,126,405 136 18,329,805 135 18,473,105 19 1,801,406 136 17,927,811 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
001 TRIDENT II MODS .................................................................. 1,099,064 1,099,064 1,099,064 1,099,064 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
002 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ........................................... 7,748 7,748 7,748 7,748 
STRATEGIC MISSILES 
003 TOMAHAWK ............................................................................ 100 184,814 149 214,814 149 214,814 49 30,000 149 214,814 
Minimum Sustaining Rate Increase ............................ [49 ] [30,000 ] [49 ] [30,000 ] [49 ] [30,000 ] 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
004 AMRAAM ................................................................................ 167 192,873 167 192,873 167 207,873 1 5,000 167 207,873 
Additional captive air training missiles ..................... [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
005 SIDEWINDER .......................................................................... 227 96,427 227 96,427 227 96,427 227 96 ,427 
006 JSOW ..................................................................................... 21,419 85 69,219 21,419 21,419 
Industrial Base Sustainment ....................................... [85 ] [47,800 ] 
007 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................... 113 435,352 113 435,352 113 435,352 113 435, 352 
008 RAM ....................................................................................... 90 80,826 90 80,826 90 80,826 90 80,826 
011 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) .......... 27 4,265 27 4,265 27 4,265 27 4,265 012 AERIAL TARGETS ................................................................... 40,792 40,792 40,792 40,792 013 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ..................................................... 3,335 3,335 3,335 3,335 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
014 ESSM ..................................................................................... 30 44,440 30 44,440 30 44,440 30 4 4,440 
015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 54,462 54,462 54,462 54,462 016 HARM MODS .......................................................................... 122,298 122,298 122,298 122,298 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
017 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ........................................ 2,397 2,397 2,397 2,397 018 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON ................................... 39,932 39,932 39,932 39,932 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
019 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................ 57,641 57,641 61,309 3,668 61,309 
Classified Program ...................................................... [3,668 ] [3,668 ] 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
020 SSTD ...................................................................................... 7,380 7,380 7,380 7,380 021 MK–48 TORPEDO .................................................................. 8 65,611 8 65,611 8 65,611 8 65,611 022 ASW TARGETS ....................................................................... 6,912 6,912 6,912 6,912 
MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
023 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS ........................................................ 113,219 113,219 113,219 113,219 024 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS ............................................ 63,317 63,317 63,317 63,317 025 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ............................................................... 13,254 13,254 13,254 13,254 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
026 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................... 67,701 67,701 67,701 67,701 027 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........................................................... 3,699 3,699 3,699 3,699 
DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 
028 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION .................................. 3,342 3,342 3,342 3,342 
GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
029 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ................................................ 11,937 11,937 11,937 11,937 
MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
030 CIWS MODS ........................................................................... 53,147 53,147 53,147 53,147 031 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ...................................................... 19,022 19,022 19,022 19,022 032 GUN MOUNT MODS ............................................................... 67,980 67,980 67,980 67,980 033 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........................ 19,823 19,823 19,823 19,823 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
035 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ................................................. 149,725 149,725 149,725 149,725 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00324 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6633 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ................. 762 3,154,154 896 3,231,954 811 3,202,822 49 48,668 811 3,202,822 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS .................................................. 101,238 101,238 101,238 101,238 002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .......................................... 67,289 67,289 67,289 67,289 003 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ................................................. 20,340 20,340 20,340 20,340 004 PRACTICE BOMBS ................................................................. 40,365 40,365 40,365 40,365 005 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................... 49,377 49,377 49,377 49,377 006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ................................. 59,651 59,651 59,651 59,651 007 JATOS .................................................................................... 2,806 2,806 2,806 2,806 
008 LRLAP 6 ″ LONG RANGE ATTACK PROJECTILE ....................... 11,596 11,596 11,596 11,596 
009 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ............................................... 35,994 35,994 35,994 35,994 010 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION .......................... 36,715 36,715 36,715 36,715 011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ............................................ 45,483 45,483 45,483 45,483 012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................... 52,080 52,080 52,080 52,080 013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ........................................... 10,809 10,809 10,809 10,809 014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................... 4,469 4,469 4,469 4,469 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
015 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ................................................... 46,848 46,848 46,848 46,848 016 LINEAR CHARGES, ALL TYPES ............................................... 350 350 350 350 017 40 MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................... 500 500 500 500 018 60MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................. 1,849 1,849 1,849 1,849 019 81MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................. 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 020 120MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................... 13,867 13,867 13,867 13,867 022 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................... 1,390 1,390 1,390 1,390 023 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ............................................................ 14,967 14,967 14,967 14,967 024 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES .......................................................... 45,219 45,219 45,219 45,219 026 FUZE, ALL TYPES .................................................................. 29,335 29,335 29,335 29,335 027 NON LETHALS ........................................................................ 3,868 3,868 3,868 3,868 028 AMMO MODERNIZATION ........................................................ 15,117 15,117 15,117 15,117 029 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 11,219 11,219 11,219 11,219 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ....... 723,741 723,741 723,741 723,741 
SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY 
OTHER WARSHIPS 
001 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 1,634,701 1,634,701 1,634,701 1,634,701 002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 874,658 874,658 874,658 874,658 003 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ................................................ 2 3,346,370 2 3,346,370 2 3,346,370 2 3,346,370 004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 1,993,740 1,993,740 2,793,740 1,993,740 
Accelerate shipbuilding funding ................................. [800,000 ] 
005 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS ................................................ 1 678,274 1 678,274 1 678,274 1 678,274 006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 14,951 14,951 14,951 14,951 007 DDG 1000 ............................................................................. 433,404 433,404 433,404 433,404 008 DDG–51 ................................................................................. 2 3,149,703 2 3,149,703 2 3,549,703 400,000 2 3,549,703 
Incremental funding for one DDG–51 ......................... [400,000 ] [400,000 ] 
010 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ........................................................ 3 1,356,991 3 1,356,991 3 1,356,991 3 1,356,991  
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 
012 LPD–17 ................................................................................. 1 550,000 1 550,000 1 550,000 1 550, 000 
013 AFLOAT FORWARD STAGING BASE ........................................ 97,000 97,000 97,000 
Accelerate shipbuilding funding ................................. [97,000 ] [97,000 ] 
013A AFLOAT FORWARD STAGING BASE ADVANCE PROCUREMENT 
(CY).97,000 
Procurement ................................................................. [97,000 ] 
014A LX(R) ADVANCE PROCURMENT (CY) ..................................... 250,000 51,000 250,000 250,000 
LX(R) Acceleration ....................................................... [250,000 ] [51,000 ] [250,000 ] 
015 LHA REPLACEMENT ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ............. 277,543 277,543 476,543 199,000 476,543 
Accelerate LHA–8 advanced procurement ................... [199,000 ] [199,000 ] 
016A LCU Replacement ................................................................. 34,000 34,000 34,000 
Accelerate LCU replacement ........................................ [34,000 ] [34,000 ] 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 
017 TAO FLEET OILER .................................................................. 1 674,190 1 674,190 1 674,190 
Transfer to NDSF—Title XIV ........................................ [–1 ] [–674,190 ] 
019 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 138,200 138,200 138,200 138,200 020 OUTFITTING ............................................................................ 697,207 673,207 697,207 –24,000 673,2 07 
Program decrease ........................................................ [–24,000 ] [–24,000 ] 
021 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ................................................ 5 255,630 5 255,630 5 255,630 5 255,630 022 SERVICE CRAFT ..................................................................... 30,014 30,014 30,014 30,014 023 LCAC SLEP ............................................................................ 4 80,738 4 80,738 4 80,738 4 80,738 024 YP CRAFT MAINTENANCE/ROH/SLEP ..................................... 21,838 21,838 21,838 21,838 025 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ................... 389,305 389,305 389,305 389,305 
025A T-ATS(X) Fleet Tug ................................................................ 75,000 75,000 75,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00325 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6634 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Accelerate T-ATS(X) ..................................................... [75,000 ] [75,000 ] 
TOTAL SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY ......... 19 16,597,457 18 16,246,267 19 18,253,457 1,031,000 19 17,628,457 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 
001 LM–2500 GAS TURBINE ........................................................ 4,881 4,881 4,881 4,881 002 ALLISON 501K GAS TURBINE ................................................ 5,814 5,814 5,814 5,814 003 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) ........................................... 32,906 32,906 32,906 32,906 
GENERATORS 
004 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ............................................... 36,860 36,860 36,860 36,860 
NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
005 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ........................................... 87,481 87,481 87,481 87,481 
PERISCOPES 
006 SUB PERISCOPES & IMAGING EQUIP .................................... 63,109 63,109 63,109 63,109 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
007 DDG MOD .............................................................................. 364,157 424,157 424,157 60,000 424,157  
Additional DDG Modification-Unfunded Requirement [60,000 ] [60,000 ] [60,000 ] 
008 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................... 16,089 16,089 16,089 16,089 009 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ............................ 2,255 2,255 2,255 2,255 010 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE .................................................................. 28,571 28,571 28,571 28,571 011 LCC 19/20 EXTENDED SERVICE LIFE PROGRAM .................. 12,313 12,313 12,313 12,313 012 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ........................................ 16,609 16,609 16,609 16,609 013 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ....................................... 10,498 10,498 10,498 10,498 014 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................. 35,747 35,747 35,747 35,747 015 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................ 48,399 48,399 48,399 48,399 016 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ........................................................ 23,072 23,072 23,072 23,072 017 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................ 55,283 55,283 55,283 55,283 018 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................... 18,563 18,563 18,563 18,563 019 DSSP EQUIPMENT .................................................................. 7,376 7,376 7,376 7,376 021 LCAC ..................................................................................... 20,965 20,965 20,965 20,965 022 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ............................................. 51,652 51,652 51,652 51,652 023 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 102,498 102,498 102,498 102,498 024 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS ......................................... 3,027 3,027 3,027 3,027 025 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ..................................... 7,399 7,399 7,399 7,399 
REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
027 REACTOR COMPONENTS ........................................................ 296,095 296,095 296,095 296,095 
OCEAN ENGINEERING 
028 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ........................................ 15,982 15,982 15,982 15,982 
SMALL BOATS 
029 STANDARD BOATS ................................................................. 29,982 29,982 29,982 29,982 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
030 OTHER SHIPS TRAINING EQUIPMENT .................................... 66,538 66,538 66,538 66,538 
PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 
031 OPERATING FORCES IPE ....................................................... 71,138 71,138 71,138 71,138 
OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 
032 NUCLEAR ALTERATIONS ........................................................ 132,625 132,625 132,625 132,625 033 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT .................... 23,500 23,500 23,500 23,500 034 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ............................................... 85,151 85,151 29,351 85,151 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory 
testing.[–55,800 ] 
035 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ................................................ 35,228 35,228 35,228 35,228 
036 REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................ 87,627 87,627 22,027 –34,550 53,077 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory 
testing.[–65,600 ] [–34,550 ] 
LOGISTIC SUPPORT 
037 LSD MIDLIFE .......................................................................... 2,774 2,774 2,774 2,774 
SHIP SONARS 
038 SPQ–9B RADAR ..................................................................... 20,551 20,551 20,551 20,551 039 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ............................. 103,241 103,241 103,241 103,241 040 SSN ACOUSTICS .................................................................... 214,835 234,835 234,835 20,000 234,835 
Submarine Towed Array-Unfunded Requirement ......... [20,000 ] [20,000 ] [20,000 ] 
041 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................ 7,331 7,331 7,331 7,331 042 SONAR SWITCHES AND TRANSDUCERS ................................. 11,781 11,781 11,781 11,781 
ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
044 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ........................... 21,119 21,119 21,119 21,119 045 SSTD ...................................................................................... 8,396 8,396 8,396 8,396 046 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................. 146,968 146,968 146,968 146,968 047 SURTASS ............................................................................... 12,953 12,953 12,953 12,953 048 MARITIME PATROL AND RECONNSAISANCE FORCE .............. 13,725 13,725 13,725 13,725 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 
049 AN/SLQ–32 ............................................................................ 324,726 352,726 352,726 324,726 
SEWIP Block II-Unfunded Requirement ....................... [28,000 ] [28,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00326 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6635 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 
050 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ........................................................ 148,221 148,221 148,221 148,221 051 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) .......................... 152 152 152 152 
SUBMARINE SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT 
052 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT PROG ............................. 79,954 79,954 79,954 79,954 
OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
053 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ............................. 25,695 25,695 25,695 25,695 054 TRUSTED INFORMATION SYSTEM (TIS) .................................. 284 284 284 284 055 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ..... 14,416 14,416 14,416 14,416 056 ATDLS .................................................................................... 23,069 23,069 23,069 23,069 057 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ................ 4,054 4,054 4,054 4,054 
058 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................... 21,014 21,014 21,014 21,014 059 SHALLOW WATER MCM ......................................................... 18,077 18,077 18,077 18,077 060 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ...................................... 12,359 12,359 12,359 12,359 061 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................ 4,240 4,240 4,240 4,240 062 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................... 17,440 17,440 17,440 17,440 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
063 OTHER TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................... 41,314 41,314 41,314 41,314 
AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
064 MATCALS ............................................................................... 10,011 10,011 10,011 10,011 065 SHIPBOARD AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ...................................... 9,346 9,346 9,346 9,346 066 AUTOMATIC CARRIER LANDING SYSTEM ............................... 21,281 21,281 21,281 21,281 067 NATIONAL AIR SPACE SYSTEM .............................................. 25,621 25,621 25,621 25,621 068 FLEET AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................... 8,249 8,249 8,249 8,249 069 LANDING SYSTEMS ................................................................ 14,715 14,715 14,715 14,715 070 ID SYSTEMS .......................................................................... 29,676 29,676 29,676 29,676 071 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................... 13,737 13,737 13,737 13,737 
OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
072 DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND & CONTROL ......................... 1,314 1,314 1,314 1,314 074 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ........................................... 13,600 13,600 13,600 13,600 075 DCGS-N ................................................................................. 31,809 31,809 31,809 31,809 076 CANES ................................................................................... 278,991 278,991 278,991 278,991 077 RADIAC .................................................................................. 8,294 8,294 8,294 8,294 078 CANES-INTELL ....................................................................... 28,695 28,695 28,695 28,695 079 GPETE .................................................................................... 6,962 6,962 6,962 6,962 080 MASF ..................................................................................... 290 290 290 290 081 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ................................ 14,419 14,419 14,419 14,419 082 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ......................................... 4,175 4,175 4,175 4,175 083 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 44,176 44,176 44,176 44,176 
SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 
084 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ............................. 8,722 8,722 8,722 8,722 085 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION .................................. 108,477 108,477 108,477 108,477 086 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ................................. 16,613 16,613 16,613 16,613 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 
087 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ...................................... 20,691 20,691 20,691 20,691 088 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ........................... 60,945 60,945 60,945 60,945 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
089 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................... 30,892 30,892 30,892 30,892 090 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ...................................... 118,113 118,113 118,113 118,113 
SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 
091 JCS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ...................................... 4,591 4,591 4,591 4,591 092 ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS .............................................. 1,403 1,403 1,403 1,403 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 
093 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ......................... 135,687 135,687 135,687 135,687 094 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ............................................ 970 970 970 970 
CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 
095 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP .............................. 11,433 11,433 11,433 11,433 
OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 
096 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ................................................... 2,529 2,529 2,529 2,529 
SONOBUOYS 
097 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ..................................................... 168,763 168,763 168,763 168,763 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
098 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................. 46,979 46,979 46,979 46,979 100 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................... 123,884 127,384 123,884 123,884 
F–35 Visual/Optical Landing System Training Equip-
ment Unfunded Requirement.[3,500 ] 
103 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ............................................. 15,090 15,090 15,090 15,090 
104 DCRS/DPL .............................................................................. 638 638 638 638 106 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .................................. 14,098 14,098 14,098 14,098 111 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................ 49,773 49,773 49,773 49,773 
SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 
112 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT .......................................... 5,300 5,300 5,300 5,300 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00327 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6636 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
115 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..................................... 298,738 298,738 298,738 298,738 120 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................ 71,245 71,245 71,245 71,245 
FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
123 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ................................... 240,694 240,694 240,694 240,694 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
124 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................................ 96,040 96,040 96,040 96,040 125 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................... 30,189 30,189 30,189 30,189 
OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
129 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .............................. 22,623 22,623 22,623 22,623 130 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 9,906 9,906 9,906 9,906 
OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 
134 TRAINING DEVICE MODS ....................................................... 99,707 99,707 99,707 99,707 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ........................................ 2,252 2,252 2,252 2,252 136 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ................................................. 2,191 2,191 2,191 2,191 137 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP .............................. 2,164 2,164 2,164 2,164 138 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT ................................................... 14,705 14,705 14,705 14,705 139 TACTICAL VEHICLES .............................................................. 2,497 2,497 2,497 2,497 140 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ...................................................... 12,517 12,517 12,517 12,517 141 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ........................................ 3,018 3,018 3,018 3,018 142 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION .................................................... 14,403 14,403 14,403 14,403 143 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ............................................. 1,186 1,186 1,186 1,186 
SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
144 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ....................................... 18,805 18,805 18,805 18,805 145 OTHER SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................. 10,469 10,469 10,469 10,469 146 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION .................................. 5,720 5,720 5,720 5,720 147 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ................................... 211,714 211,714 211,714 211,714 
TRAINING DEVICES 
148 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................... 7,468 7,468 7,468 7,468 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
149 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................... 36,433 36,433 36,433 36,433 150 EDUCATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................ 3,180 3,180 3,180 3,180 151 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................ 4,790 4,790 4,790 4,790 153 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................... 4,608 4,608 4,608 4,608 154 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................... 5,655 5,655 5,655 5,655 155 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ................................................................ 9,929 9,929 9,929 9,929 156 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................... 26,795 26,795 26,795 26,795 157 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT .......................................... 88,453 88,453 88,453 88,453 159 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................. 99,094 99,094 99,094 99,094 
OTHER 
160 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ............................ 99,014 99,014 99,014 99,014 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 21,439 21,439 21,439 21,439 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
161 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ................................................. 328,043 328,043 328,043 328,043 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...................... 6,614,715 6,726,215 6,601,315 45,450 6,660,165 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
001 AAV7A1 PIP ........................................................................... 26,744 26,744 26,744 26,744 002 LAV PIP ................................................................................. 54,879 54,879 54,879 54,879 
ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 
003 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM .............................. 2,652 2,652 2,652 2,652 004 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ............................. 7,482 7,482 7,482 7,482 005 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ....................... 17,181 17,181 17,181 17,181 006 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ....... 8,224 8,224 8,224 8,224 
OTHER SUPPORT 
007 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................... 14,467 14,467 14,467 14,467 008 WEAPONS ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM .................................... 488 488 488 488 
GUIDED MISSILES 
009 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE .............................................. 7,565 7,565 7,565 7,565 010 JAVELIN ................................................................................. 1,091 441 78,591 1,091 294 50,000 2 94 51,091 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements [441 ] [77,500 ] [294 ] [50,000 ] 
011 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW ........................................................... 4,872 4,872 4,872 4,872 012 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) ............... 668 668 668 668 
OTHER SUPPORT 
013 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................... 12,495 12,495 152,495 140,000 152,495 
Additional missiles ...................................................... [140,000 ] [140,000 ] 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
014 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ................................................... 13,109 13,109 13,109 13,109 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00328 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6637 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
015 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C .. 35,147 35,147 35,147 –2,191 32,956 
Procurement early to need .......................................... [–2,191 ] 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
016 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ............................................. 21,210 21,210 21,210 21,210 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
017 COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM .................................................. 792 792 792 792 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................ 3,642 3,642 3,642 3,642 020 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ............................................. 3,520 3,520 3,520 3,520 
RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
021 RADAR SYSTEMS ................................................................... 35,118 35,118 35,118 35,118 022 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ................... 3 130,661 3 90,661 3 98,546 –32,115 3 98,546 
Delay in IOTE ............................................................... [–40,000 ] [–32,115 ] [–32,115 ] 
023 RQ–21 UAS ........................................................................... 4 84,916 4 84,916 4 84,916 4 84,916 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
024 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................... 9,136 9,136 9,136 9,136 025 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................... 29,936 29,936 29,936 29,936 028 DCGS-MC .............................................................................. 1,947 1,947 1,947 1,947 
OTHER COMM/ELEC EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
031 NIGHT VISION EQUIPMENT .................................................... 2,018 2,018 2,018 2,018 
OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 
032 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) .............. 67,295 67,295 67,295 67,295 033 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ....................................... 43,101 43,101 43,101 –3,000 40,101 
Marine Corps common hardware suite contract delay [–3,000 ] 
034 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS .................................................... 29,255 29,255 29,255 29,255 035 RADIO SYSTEMS .................................................................... 80,584 80,584 80,584 80,584 036 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................ 66,123 66,123 66,123 66,123 037 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT ......................... 79,486 79,486 79,486 79,486 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
037A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 2,803 2,803 2,803 2,803 
ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
038 COMMERCIAL PASSENGER VEHICLES ................................... 3,538 3,538 3,538 3,538 039 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ........................................... 22,806 22,806 22,806 22,806 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
041 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS .................................... 7,743 7,743 7,743 7,743 043 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................ 109 79,429 109 79,429 109 79,429 109 79,429 044 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ............................................ 3,157 3,157 3,157 3,157 
OTHER SUPPORT 
045 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 6,938 6,938 6,938 6,938 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
046 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT .......................... 94 94 94 94 047 BULK LIQUID EQUIPMENT ...................................................... 896 896 896 896 048 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ...................................................... 136 136 136 136 049 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED ............................................. 10,792 10,792 10,792 10,792 050 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................... 3,235 3,235 3,235 3,235 051 EOD SYSTEMS ....................................................................... 7,666 7,666 7,666 7,666 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
052 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT .......................................... 33,145 33,145 33,145 33,145 053 GARRISON MOBILE ENGINEER EQUIPMENT (GMEE) .............. 1,419 1,419 1,419 1,419 
GENERAL PROPERTY 
057 TRAINING DEVICES ................................................................ 24,163 24,163 24,163 24,163 058 CONTAINER FAMILY ............................................................... 962 962 962 962 059 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ............................... 6,545 6,545 6,545 6,545 060 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ............ 7,533 7,533 7,533 7,533 
OTHER SUPPORT 
062 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 4,322 4,322 4,322 4,322 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ................................................. 8,292 8,292 8,292 8,292 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ................. 116 1,131,418 557 1,168,918 116 1,239,303 294 152,694 410 1,284,112 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL FORCES 
001 F–35 ...................................................................................... 44 5,260,212 44 5,161,112 44 5,16 1,112 –99,100 44 5,161,112 
Anticipated contract savings ...................................... [–75,500 ] Cost growth for support equipment ............................ [–23,600 ] Efficiencies and excess cost growth ........................... [–99,100 ] [–99,100 ] 
002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 460,260 460,260 460,260 460,260 
TACTICAL AIRLIFT 
003 KC–46A TANKER ................................................................... 12 2,350,601 12 2,326,601 12 2,326,601 –24, 000 12 2,326,601 
Program Decrease ........................................................ [–24,000 ] [–24,000 ] [–24,000 ] 
OTHER AIRLIFT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00329 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6638 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
004 C–130J .................................................................................. 14 889,154 15 962,154 14 889,154 –4 0,800 14 848,354 
Unfunded Requirements .............................................. [1 ] [73,000 ] Unit cost growth and contract delays ........................ [–40,800 ] 
005 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 50,000 50,000 50,000 50,000 006 HC–130J ................................................................................ 5 463,934 5 463,934 5 463,934 –10,00 0 5 453,934 
Unit cost growth .......................................................... [–10,000 ] 
007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 30,000 30,000 30,000 30,000 008 MC–130J ............................................................................... 8 828,472 8 828,472 8 828,472 –30,900  8 797,572 
Program efficiencies .................................................... [–30,900 ] 
009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 
MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 
011 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C .......................................................... 6 2,617 6 2,617 6 2,617 6 2,617 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
012 TARGET DRONES ................................................................... 75 132,028 75 132,028 75 132,028 75 132,028  
014 RQ–4 ..................................................................................... 37,800 37,800 37,800 37,800 015 MQ–9 .................................................................................... 29 552,528 29 552,528 53 1,032,528 8 150,000 37 702,528 
Accelerating procurement schedule to meet CCDR 
demand.[24 ] [480,000 ] [8 ] [160,000 ] 
Restrain growth in government costs ......................... [–10,000 ] 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 
017 B–2A ..................................................................................... 32,458 32,458 32,458 32,458 018 B–1B ..................................................................................... 114,119 114,119 114,119 114,119 019 B–52 ..................................................................................... 148,987 148,987 148,987 148,987 020 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ................ 84,335 84,335 84,335 84,335 
TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 
021 A–10 ..................................................................................... 240,000 
A–10 restoration— wing replacement program ......... [240,000 ] 
022 F–15 ...................................................................................... 464,367 464,367 30 713,671 227,70 4 692,071 
ADCP II upgrades ........................................................ [10,000 ] 
EPAWSS upgrade ......................................................... [11,600 ] 
F–15 MIDS JTRS transfer to RDT&E ............................ [–12,796 ] [–12,796 ] F–15C AESA radars ..................................................... [6 ] [48,000 ] [48,000 ] F–15D AESA radars ..................................................... [24 ] [192,500 ] [192,500 ] 
023 F–16 ...................................................................................... 17,134 17,134 17,134 17,134 024 F–22A .................................................................................... 126,152 126,152 126,152 126,152 025 F–35 MODIFICATIONS ............................................................ 70,167 70,167 70,167 70,167 026 INCREMENT 3.2B .................................................................. 69,325 69,325 69,325 69,325 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
028 C–5 ....................................................................................... 5,604 5,604 5,604 5,604 030 C–17A ................................................................................... 46,997 46,997 46,997 46,997 031 C–21 ..................................................................................... 10,162 10,162 10,162 10,162 032 C–32A ................................................................................... 44,464 44,464 44,464 44,464 033 C–37A ................................................................................... 10,861 861 10,861 10,861 
Program decrease ........................................................ [–10,000 ] 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
034 GLIDER MODS ....................................................................... 134 134 134 134 035 T–6 ........................................................................................ 17,968 17,968 17,968 17,968 036 T–1 ........................................................................................ 23,706 23,706 23,706 23,706 037 T–38 ...................................................................................... 30,604 30,604 30,604 30,604 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
038 U–2 MODS ............................................................................ 22,095 22,095 22,095 22,095 039 KC–10A (ATCA) ..................................................................... 5,611 5,611 5,611 5,611 040 C–12 ..................................................................................... 1,980 1,980 1,980 1,980 042 VC–25A MOD ........................................................................ 98,231 98,231 98,231 98,231 043 C–40 ..................................................................................... 13,171 13,171 13,171 13,171 044 C–130 ................................................................................... 7,048 80,248 130,248 139,200 146,24 8 
C–130 AMP increase ................................................... [10,000 ] [75,000 ] C–130H Electronic Prop Control System – UPL .......... [13,500 ] [13,500 ] 
C–130H In-flight Prop Balancing System – UPL ....... [1,500 ] [1,500 ] 
Eight-Bladed Propeller ................................................. [30,000 ] [16,000 ] Funds added to comply with Sec 134, FY15 NDAA .... [75,000 ] 
T–56 3.5 Engine Mod .................................................. [33,200 ] [33,200 ] [33,200 ] 
045 C–130J MODS ....................................................................... 29,713 29,713 29,713 29,713 046 C–135 ................................................................................... 49,043 49,043 49,043 49,043 047 COMPASS CALL MODS .......................................................... 68,415 97,115 97,115 28,700 97,115 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ......................... [28,700 ] [28,700 ] [28,700 ] 
048 RC–135 ................................................................................. 156,165 156,165 156,165 156,165 049 E–3 ....................................................................................... 13,178 13,178 13,178 13,178 050 E–4 ....................................................................................... 23,937 23,937 23,937 23,937 051 E–8 ....................................................................................... 18,001 18,001 18,001 18,001 052 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM ....................... 183,308 183,308 183,308 183,308 053 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................. 44,163 34,163 44,163 44,163 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00330 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6639 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Program decrease ........................................................ [–10,000 ] 
054 H–1 ....................................................................................... 6,291 6,291 6,291 6,291 055 UH–1N REPLACEMENT .......................................................... 2,456 2,456 2,456 2,456 056 H–60 ..................................................................................... 45,731 45,731 45,731 45,731 057 RQ–4 MODS .......................................................................... 50,022 50,022 50,022 50,022 058 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ................................................. 21,660 21,660 21,660 21,660 059 OTHER AIRCRAFT .................................................................. 117,767 117,767 115,521 –2,246 115,521 
C2ISR TDL transfer to COMSEC equipment ................ [–2,246 ] [–2,246 ] 
060 MQ–1 MODS .......................................................................... 3,173 3,173 3,173 3,173 061 MQ–9 MODS .......................................................................... 115,226 115,226 115,226 115,226 063 CV–22 MODS ........................................................................ 58,828 58,828 58,828 58,828 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
064 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ............................................. 656,242 656,242 656,242 656,242 
COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
065 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ........................... 33,716 33,716 33,716 33,716 
POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 
067 B–2A ..................................................................................... 38,837 38,837 38,837 38,837 068 B–52 ..................................................................................... 5,911 5,911 5,911 5,911 069 C–17A ................................................................................... 30,108 30,108 30,108 30,108 070 CV–22 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT .................................... 3,353 3,353 3,353 3,353 071 C–135 ................................................................................... 4,490 4,490 4,490 4,490 072 F–15 ...................................................................................... 3,225 3,225 3,225 3,225 073 F–16 ...................................................................................... 14,969 33,669 14,969 –6,000 8,969  
Additional Mission Trainers ......................................... [24,700 ] Unobligated balances .................................................. [–6,000 ] [–6,000 ] 
074 F–22A .................................................................................... 971 971 971 971 076 MQ–9 .................................................................................... 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 
077 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS .............................................. 18,802 18,802 18,802 18,802 
WAR CONSUMABLES 
078 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................. 156,465 156,465 156,465 156,465 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
079 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ............................................. 1,052,814 1,052,814 1,111,900 59,086 1,111,900 
Transfer from RDT&E for NATO AWACS ....................... [59,086 ] [59,086 ] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
079A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 42,503 42,503 42,503 42,503 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ....... 193 15,657,769 194 15,948,269 247 16,472,713 8 391,644 201 16,049,413 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 
001 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC .................................. 94,040 94,040 94,040 94,040 
TACTICAL 
003 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ............................... 360 440,578 360 440,578 360 440,578 –10,000 360 430,578 
Unit cost efficiencies ................................................... [–10,000 ] 
004 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) .......................................................... 506 200,777 506 200,777 506 200,777 506 200,77 7 
005 AMRAAM ................................................................................ 262 390,112 262 390,112 262 390,112 – 8,384 262 381,728 
Joint program unit cost variance ................................ [–8,384 ] 
006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE ............................................... 3,756 423,016 3,756 423,016 3,756 423,016 3,756 423 ,016 
007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ....................................................... 1,942 133,697 1,942 133,697 1,942 133,697 1,942 1 33,697 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 
008 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION .......................... 397 397 397 397 
CLASS IV 
009 MM III MODIFICATIONS .......................................................... 50,517 50,517 50,517 50,517 010 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................ 9,639 9,639 9,639 9,639 011 AGM–88A HARM .................................................................... 197 197 197 197 012 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) .................................. 25,019 25,019 25,019 25,019 
MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
014 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ............................................. 48,523 48,523 48,523 48,523 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS 
028 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ................................................ 276,562 276,562 276,562 276,562 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
028A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 893,971 893,971 893,971 893,971 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .......... 6,826 2,987,045 6,826 2,987,045 6,826 2,987,045 –18,384 6,826 2,968,661 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
001 ADVANCED EHF ..................................................................... 333,366 333,366 333,366 333,366 002 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) .......................... 53,476 79,476 53,476 21,000 74,476 
SATCOM pathfinder ...................................................... [26,000 ] [26,000 ] Unjustified support growth .......................................... [–5,000 ] 
003 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ....................................................... 1 199,218 1 199,218 1 199,218 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00331 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6640 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
GPS III SV10 early to need .......................................... [–1 ] [–199,218 ] 
004 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) ............................................ 18,362 18,362 18,362 18,362 005 GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) .............................................. 66,135 66,135 66,135 66,135 006 DEF METEOROLOGICAL SAT PROG(SPACE) ........................... 89,351 89,351 –49,351 40,000 
Minimum sustainment of DMSP–20 program ............. [–89,351 ] [–49,351 ] 
007 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ........................ 571,276 571,276 571,276 571,276 008 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ....................... 5 800,201 5 800,201 5 800,201 5 800,201 009 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ............................................................... 452,676 452,676 452,676 452,676 
TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............. 6 2,584,061 6 2,610,061 5 2,295,492 –28,351 6 2,555,710 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
ROCKETS 
001 ROCKETS ............................................................................... 23,788 23,788 23,788 23,788 
CARTRIDGES 
002 CARTRIDGES .......................................................................... 131,102 131,102 169,602 38,500 169,602 
Increase to match size of A–10 fleet ......................... [38,500 ] [38,500 ] 
BOMBS 
003 PRACTICE BOMBS ................................................................. 89,759 89,759 89,759 89,759 004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS .................................................. 637,181 637,181 637,181 637,181 005 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................ 39,690 39,690 39,690 39,690 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION .......................................... 6,341 374,688 6,341 354,688 6,341 374,688 –20,000 6,3 41 354,688 
Program reduction ....................................................... [–20,000 ] [–20,000 ] 
OTHER ITEMS 
007 CAD/PAD ................................................................................ 58,266 58,266 58,266 58,266 008 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) .............................. 5,612 5,612 5,612 5,612 009 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ................................................. 103 103 103 103 010 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................... 1,102 1,102 1,102 1,102 011 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 3,044 3,044 3,044 3,044 
FLARES 
012 FLARES .................................................................................. 120,935 120,935 120,935 120,935 
FUZES 
013 FUZES .................................................................................... 213,476 213,476 213,476 213,476 
SMALL ARMS 
014 SMALL ARMS ......................................................................... 60,097 60,097 60,097 60,097 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR 
FORCE .6,341 1,758,843 6,341 1,738,843 6,341 1,797,343 18,500 6,341 1,777,343 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
001 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ........................................ 8,834 8,834 8,834 8,834 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 
002 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE .................................................. 58,160 58,160 58,160 58,160 003 CAP VEHICLES ....................................................................... 977 977 977 977 004 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 12,483 12,483 12,483 12,483 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 
005 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ..................................... 4,728 4,728 4,728 4,728 006 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 4,662 4,662 4,662 4,662 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
007 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ............................ 10,419 10,419 10,419 10,419 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
008 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 23,320 23,320 23,320 23,320 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 
009 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ........................ 6,215 6,215 6,215 6,215 010 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 87,781 87,781 87,781 87,781 
COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 
011 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ............................................................ 136,998 136,998 139,244 2,246 139,244 
Transfer for Link 16 Upgrades .................................... [2,246 ] [2,246 ] 
012 MODIFICATIONS (COMSEC) .................................................... 677 677 677 677 
INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
013 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................... 4,041 4,041 4,041 4,041 014 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ........................................ 22,573 22,573 22,573 22,573 015 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ............................................... 14,456 14,456 14,456 14,456 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
016 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ............................... 31,823 31,823 31,823 31,823 017 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM ............................................... 5,833 5,833 5,833 5,833 018 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ...................................... 1,687 1,687 1,687 1,687 019 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ....................... 22,710 22,710 22,710 22,710 020 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ..................................... 21,561 21,561 21,561 21,561 021 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL .................................. 286,980 286,980 286,980 286,980 022 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX .......................................... 36,186 36,186 36,186 36,186 024 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ........ 9,597 9,597 9,597 9,597 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00332 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6641 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
025 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .................................. 27,403 27,403 27,403 27,403 
026 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS .............................. 7,212 7,212 7,212 7,212 027 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ..................................... 11,062 11,062 30,962 19,900 30,962 
Additional battlefield air operations kits to meet 
need.[19,900 ] [19,900 ] 
028 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ............................. 131,269 131,269 131,269 131,269 
029 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES .................................................. 33,606 33,606 33,606 33,606 030 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N ........................ 5,232 5,232 5,232 5,232 031 C3 COUNTERMEASURES ........................................................ 7,453 7,453 7,453 7,453 032 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM ........................ 3,976 3,976 3,976 3,976 033 GCSS-AF FOS ........................................................................ 25,515 25,515 25,515 –9,000 16,515 
LOGIT—prioritize FIAR projects ................................... [–9,000 ] 
034 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MGMT SYSTEM ... 9,255 9,255 9,255 9,255 035 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ....................................... 7,523 7,523 7,523 7,523 036 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYS ............................ 12,043 12,043 12,043 12,043 037 AIR OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 10.2 .................................. 24,246 24,246 24,246 –9,400 14,846 
Fielding funds ahead of need ..................................... [–9,400 ] 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
038 INFORMATION TRANSPORT SYSTEMS .................................... 74,621 74,621 74,621 74,621 039 AFNET .................................................................................... 103,748 103,748 86,748 –5,000 98,7 48 
Restructure program .................................................... [–17,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
041 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ........... 5,199 5,199 5,199 5,199 042 USCENTCOM .......................................................................... 15,780 15,780 15,780 15,780 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
043 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................. 79,592 64,592 79,592 –15,000 64,592 
Ahead of need ............................................................. [–15,000 ] [–15,000 ] 
044 SPACE BASED IR SENSOR PGM SPACE ................................ 90,190 90,190 90,190 90,190 045 NAVSTAR GPS SPACE ............................................................ 2,029 2,029 2,029 2,029 046 NUDET DETECTION SYS SPACE ............................................. 5,095 5,095 5,095 5,095 047 AF SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK SPACE ............................ 76,673 76,673 76,673 76,673 048 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ....................................... 113,275 113,275 113,275 113,275 049 MILSATCOM SPACE ............................................................... 35,495 35,495 35,495 35,495 050 SPACE MODS SPACE ............................................................. 23,435 23,435 23,435 23,435 051 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEM ...................................................... 43,065 43,065 43,065 43,065 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT .................................................... 77,538 111,438 113,538 55,900 133,438 
Battlefield Airmen Kits Unfunded Requirement .......... [19,900 ] [19,900 ] Increase JTAC training and rehearsal simulators per 
AF unfunded priority list.[36,000 ] 
Joint Terminal Control Training Simulation Unfunded 
Requirement.[14,000 ] [36,000 ] 
054 RADIO EQUIPMENT ................................................................ 8,400 8,400 8,400 8,400 
055 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT ............................................ 6,144 6,144 6,144 6,144 056 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................ 77,010 77,010 77,010 77,010 
MODIFICATIONS 
057 COMM ELECT MODS .............................................................. 71,800 71,800 71,800 71,800 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
058 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ........................................................ 2,370 2,370 2,370 2,370 059 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 79,623 79,623 79,623 79,623 
DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 
060 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP ........................... 7,249 7,249 7,249 7,249 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
061 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ............................................... 9,095 13,095 9,095 9,095 
Additional Equipment .................................................. [4,000 ] 
062 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .................................... 17,866 17,866 17,866 17,866 064 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................... 61,850 61,850 61,850 61,850 065 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 30,477 30,477 30,477 30,477 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
067 DARP RC135 ......................................................................... 25,072 25,072 25,072 25,072 068 DCGS-AF ................................................................................ 183,021 183,021 183,021 183,021 070 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM .................................................. 629,371 629,371 629,371 629,371 071 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. .......................... 100,663 100,663 100,663 100,663 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
071A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 15,038,333 15,038,333 15,038,333 15,038,333 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
073 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ................................................. 59,863 59,863 59,863 59,863 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............. 18,272,438 18,295,338 18,313,584 39,646 18,312,084 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 
001 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 1,488 1,488 1,488 1,488 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00333 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6642 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
002 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................... 2,494 2,494 2,494 2,494 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 
003 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ............................................... 9,341 9,341 9,341 9,341 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
007 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ....................................... 8,080 23,080 18,080 7,000 15,080 
SHARKSEER .................................................................. [15,000 ] [10,000 ] [7,000 ] 
008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................. 62,789 62,789 62,789 62,789 009 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 9,399 9,399 9,399 9,399 010 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................... 1,819 1,819 1,819 1,819 011 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK .......................... 141,298 141,298 141,298 141,298 012 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ................................................. 12,732 12,732 12,732 12,732 013 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ............................. 64,098 64,098 64,098 64,098 014 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ........................................ 617,910 617,910 617,910 617,910 015 JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT ...................................... 84,400 84,400 84,400 84,400 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 
016 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................... 5,644 5,644 5,644 5,644 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 
017 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................... 4 11,208 4 11,208 4 11,208 4 11,208 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 
018 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ............. 1,298 1,298 1,298 1,298 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION 
AGENCY 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 
020 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................... 1,048 1,048 1,048 1,048 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
021 VEHICLES .............................................................................. 100 100 100 100 022 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ................................................... 5,474 5,474 5,474 5,474 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
023 THAAD ................................................................................... 30 464,067 30 464,067 30 464,067 30  464,067 
024 AEGIS BMD ............................................................................ 40 558,916 58 679,281 58 706,681 9 120 ,445 49 679,361 
Increase SM–3 Block IB canisters .............................. [9 ] [2,565 ] [9 ] [2,565 ] [2,565 ] Increase SM–3 Block IB purchase .............................. [9 ] [117,800 ] [9 ] [117,880 ] [9 ] [117,880 ] Undifferentiated Block IB test and evaluation costs [27,320 ] 
025 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ......................................... 147,765 –147,765 
SM–3 Block IB ............................................................. [–147,765 ] [–147,765 ] [–147,765 ] 
026 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ..................................................... 78,634 78,634 78,634 78,634 027 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ...................................................... 30,587 30,587 30,587 30,587 028 IRON DOME ........................................................................... 1 55,000 1 55,000 1 41,100 –1 –55,000 
Realignment of Iron Dome to Overseas Contingency 
Operations.[–1 ] [–41,400 ] 
Request excess of requirement ................................... [–13,900 ] [–13,600 ] 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 
035 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ........... 37,177 37,177 37,177 37,177 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 
036 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ...................................................... 17 46,939 17 46,939 17 46,939 17 46,939 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
038 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ........................................................ 13,027 13,027 13,027 13,027 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 
040 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ...................................................... 27,859 27,859 27,859 27,859 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
028A DAVID SLING ......................................................................... 1 150,000 150,000 
David’s Sling Weapon System Procurement—Subject 
to Title XVI.[1 ] [150,000 ] [150,000 ] 
028B ARROW 3 ............................................................................... 1 15,000 15,000 
Arrow 3 Upper Tier Procurement—Subject to Title 
XVI.[1 ] [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 617,757 617,757 617,757 617,757 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
041 MC–12 .................................................................................. 63,170 63,170 –63,170 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................... [–63,170 ] [–63,170 ] 
042 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ..................... 135,985 135,985 135,985 135,985 044 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ..................................................... 61,275 61,275 61,275 61,275 045 U–28 ..................................................................................... 63,170 63,170 63,170 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................... [63,170 ] [63,170 ] 
047 RQ–11 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .................................... 20,087 20,087 20,087 20,087 048 CV–22 MODIFICATION ........................................................... 18,832 18,832 18,832 18,832 049 MQ–1 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ...................................... 1,934 1,934 1,934 1,934 050 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ...................................... 11,726 26,926 21,726 10,000 21,726 
MQ–9 capability enhancements .................................. [15,200 ] [10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
051 STUASL0 ................................................................................ 1,514 1,514 1,514 1,514 052 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE ................................................ 204,105 204,105 204,105 204,105 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00334 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6643 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
053 AC/MC–130J .......................................................................... 61,368 25,968 61,368 61,368 
MC–130 Terrain Following/Terrain Avoidance Radar 
Program.[–35,400 ] 
054 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................... 66,861 66,861 31,412 –35,449 31,412 
C–130 TF/TA adjustments ........................................... [–35,449 ] [–35,449 ] 
SHIPBUILDING 
055 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS ........................................................ 32,521 32,521 32,521 32,521 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
056 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ...................................................... 174,734 174,734 174,734 174,734 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
057 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ....................................................... 93,009 93,009 93,009 93,009 058 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .......... 14,964 14,964 14,964 14,964 059 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................. 79,149 79,149 79,149 79,149 060 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ............................................... 33,362 33,362 33,362 33,362 061 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................. 143,533 143,533 143,533 143,533 062 TACTICAL VEHICLES .............................................................. 73,520 73,520 73,520 73,520 063 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M .................................................... 186,009 186,009 186,009 186,009 064 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ....................................... 19,693 19,693 19,693 19,693 065 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................... 3,967 3,967 3,967 3,967 066 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ..................... 19,225 19,225 19,225 19,225 068 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ............................................. 213,252 213,252 213,252 213,252 
CBDP 
074 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ............... 141,223 141,223 141,223 141,223 
075 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION .............................. 137,487 137,487 137,487 137,487 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
076 UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................... 75,000 
Cyber capabilities ........................................................ [75,000 ] 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE .................. 92 5,130,853 112 5,263,253 110 5,341,504 8 –100,769 100 5,030,084 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
001 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .......................... 99,701 99,701 –99,701 
Program reduction ....................................................... [–99,701 ] [–99,701 ] 
TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 99,701 99,701 –99,701 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT ............................................. 22,785 106,967,393 23,934 109,700,919 22,923 112,161,577 905 3,856,605 23,690 110,823,998 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
003 AERIAL COMMON SENSOR (ACS) (MIP) ................................ 5 99,500 5 99,500 5 99,500 5 99,500 004 MQ–1 UAV ............................................................................. 2 16,537 2 16,537 2 16,537 2 16,537 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
016 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ........................................................... 8,700 8,700 8,700 8,700 023 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................... 32,000 32,000 32,000 32,000 031 RQ–7 UAV MODS .................................................................. 8,250 8,250 8,250 8,250 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ................ 7 164,987 7 164,987 7 164,987 7 164,987 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
003 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ...................................................... 270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ................... 270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
016 MORTAR SYSTEMS ................................................................ 7,030 7,030 7,030 7,030 021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ............ 19,000 19,000 19,000 19,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............... 26,030 26,030 26,030 26,030 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ..................................................... 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
008 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................. 11,700 11,700 11,700 11,700 009 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................. 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00335 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.134 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6644 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
010 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ................................................ 7,000 7,000 7,000 7,000 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
012 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ....... 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 013 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ........................ 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 015 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ......... 2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000 
ROCKETS 
017 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ........................................... 136,340 136,340 136,340 136,340 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
019 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................... 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 021 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ............................................................. 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ..... 192,040 192,040 192,040 192,040 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
005 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) .......................... 1,191 243,998 1,191 243,998 1,191 243,998 1,191 243,998 009 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV .......... 223,276 223,276 223,276 223,276 011 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP .......................................... 130,000 130,000 130,000 130,000 012 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ........ 393,100 393,100 393,100 393,100 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
021 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS .. 5,724 5,724 5,724 5,724 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
051 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ........ 29,500 29,500 29,500 29,500 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
057 DCGS-A (MIP) ........................................................................ 54,140 54,140 54,140 54,140 059 TROJAN (MIP) ........................................................................ 6,542 6,542 6,542 6,542 061 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) ................. 3,860 3,860 3,860 3,860 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
068 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ........... 14,847 14,847 14,847 14,847 069 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ...... 19,535 19,535 19,535 19,535 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
084 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ................................. 2,601 2,601 2,601 2,601 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
087 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY .................................................... 48 48 48 48 094 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) ................................... 252 252 252 252 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ................................ 652 652 652 652 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
111 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ........................................... 4,035 4,035 4,035 4,035 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
131 FORCE PROVIDER .................................................................. 12 53,800 12 53,800 12 53,800 12 53,800 133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .... 700 700 700 700 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................... 10,486 10,486 10,486 10,486 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............... 8,500 8,500 8,500 8,500 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ..................... 1,203 1,205,596 1,203 1,205,596 1,203 1,205,596 1,203 1,205,596 
JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND 
NETWORK ATTACK 
001 ATTACK THE NETWORK .......................................................... 219,550 219,550 215,086 –4,464 215,086 
Adjustment due to low execution in prior years ......... [–4,464 ] [–4,464 ] 
JIEDDO DEVICE DEFEAT 
002 DEFEAT THE DEVICE ............................................................. 77,600 77,600 77,600 77,600 
FORCE TRAINING 
003 TRAIN THE FORCE ................................................................. 7,850 7,850 7,850 7,850 
STAFF AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
004 OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 188,271 137,571 144,464 –50,000 138,271  
Program Reduction ...................................................... [–50,700 ] [–43,807 ] [–50,000 ] 
TOTAL JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND 493,271 442,571 445,000 –54,464 438,807 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
026 STUASL0 UAV ........................................................................ 3 55,000 3 55,000 3 55,000 3 55,000 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
030 AV–8 SERIES ......................................................................... 41,365 41,365 41,365 41,365 032 F–18 SERIES ......................................................................... 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 037 EP–3 SERIES ......................................................................... 6,300 6,300 6,300 6,300 047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................. 14,198 14,198 14,198 14,198 051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ................................................... 72,700 72,700 72,700 72,700 052 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .............................................. 13,988 13,988 13,988 13,988 059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ........................................ 4,900 4,900 4,900 4,900 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00336 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6645 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ........................................ 943 943 943 943 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ................. 3 217,394 3 217,394 3 217,394 3 217,394 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
010 LASER MAVERICK .................................................................. 3,344 3,344 3,344 3,344 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ................. 3,344 3,344 3,344 3,344 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS .................................................. 9,715 9,715 9,715 9,715 002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .......................................... 11,108 11,108 11,108 11,108 003 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ................................................. 3,603 3,603 3,603 3,603 006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ................................. 11,982 11,982 11,982 11,982 011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ............................................ 4,674 4,674 4,674 4,674 012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................... 3,456 3,456 3,456 3,456 013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ........................................... 1,989 1,989 1,989 1,989 014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................... 4,674 4,674 4,674 4,674 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
020 120MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................... 10,719 10,719 10,719 10,719 023 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ............................................................ 3,993 3,993 3,993 3,993 024 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES .......................................................... 67,200 67,200 67,200 67,200 025 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................... 518 518 518 518 026 FUZE, ALL TYPES .................................................................. 3,299 3,299 3,299 3,299 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ....... 136,930 136,930 136,930 136,930 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ........................................ 186 186 186 186 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...................... 12,186 12,186 12,186 12,186 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
GUIDED MISSILES 
010 JAVELIN ................................................................................. 7,679 7,679 7,679 7,679 
OTHER SUPPORT 
013 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................... 10,311 10,311 10,311 10,311 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
014 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ................................................... 8,221 8,221 8,221 8,221 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
018 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................... 3,600 3,600 3,600 3,600 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................ 8,693 8,693 8,693 8,693 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
027 RQ–11 UAV ........................................................................... 3,430 3,430 3,430 3,430 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
052 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT .......................................... 7,000 7,000 7,000 7,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ................. 48,934 48,934 48,934 48,934 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
015 MQ–9 .................................................................................... 13,500 13,500 13,500 13,500 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
044 C–130 ................................................................................... 1,410 1,410 1,410 1,410 056 H–60 ..................................................................................... 39,300 39,300 39,300 39,300 058 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ................................................. 5,690 5,690 5,690 5,690 061 MQ–9 MODS .......................................................................... 69,000 69,000 69,000 69,000 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ....... 128,900 128,900 128,900 128,900 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL 
006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE ............................................... 1,811 280,902 1,811 280,902 1,811 280,902 1,811 280 ,902 
007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ....................................................... 63 2,520 63 2,520 63 2,520 63 2,520 
CLASS IV 
010 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................ 5,720 5,720 5,720 5,720 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .......... 1,874 289,142 1,874 289,142 1,874 289,142 1,874 289,142 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
CARTRIDGES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00337 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6646 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
002 CARTRIDGES .......................................................................... 8,371 8,371 8,371 8,371 
BOMBS 
004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS .................................................. 17,031 17,031 17,031 17,031 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION .......................................... 5,953 184,412 5,953 184,412 5,953 184,412 5,953 184,4 12 
FLARES 
012 FLARES .................................................................................. 11,064 11,064 11,064 11,064 
FUZES 
013 FUZES .................................................................................... 7,996 7,996 7,996 7,996 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR 
FORCE .5,953 228,874 5,953 228,874 5,953 228,874 5,953 228,874 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
025 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .................................. 3,953 3,953 3,953 3,953 027 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ..................................... 2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
042 USCENTCOM .......................................................................... 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT .................................................... 4,065 4,065 4,065 4,065 056 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................ 15,400 15,400 15,400 15,400 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
058 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ........................................................ 3,580 3,580 3,580 3,580 059 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 3,407 3,407 3,407 3,407 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
062 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .................................... 46,790 46,790 46,790 46,790 064 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................... 400 400 400 400 065 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................. 9,800 9,800 9,800 9,800 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
071 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. .......................... 28,070 28,070 28,070 28,070 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
071A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 3,732,499 3,732,499 3,732,499 3,732,499 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............. 3,859,964 3,859,964 3,859,964 3,859,964 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................. 1,940 1,940 1,940 1,940 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
028 IRON DOME ........................................................................... 41,400 41,400 
Realignment of Iron Dome to Overseas Contingency 
Operations—Subject to Title XVI.[41,400 ] 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
028A DAVID SLING ......................................................................... 150,000 150,000 
David’s Sling Weapon System Procurement—Subject 
to Title XVI.[150,000 ] 
028B ARROW 3 ............................................................................... 15,000 15,000 
Arrow 3 Upper Tier Procurement—Subject to Title 
XVI.[15,000 ] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................ 35,482 35,482 35,482 35,482 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
041 MC–12 .................................................................................. 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
056 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ...................................................... 746,066 35,299 746,066 35,299 746,066 35,299 746,0 66 35,299 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
061 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................. 1 15,160 1 15,160 1 15,160 1 15,160 063 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M .................................................... 50 15,000 50 15,000 50 15,000 50 15,000 068 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ............................................. 3 104,537 3 104,537 3 104,537 3 104,537 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE .................. 746,120 212,418 746,120 212,418 746,120 212,418 206,400 746,120 418,818 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
007 MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT ................................................ 250,000 420,000 420,000 
NGREA Program Increase ............................................ [250,000 ] [420,000 ] 
TOTAL NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIP-
MENT .250,000 420,000 420,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT ............................................. 755,430 7,257,270 755,430 7,456,570 755,430 7,208,999 571,936 755,430 7,829,206 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00338 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6647 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................... 13,018 13,018 13,018 13,018 002 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................................................. 239,118 239,118 279,118 40,0 00 279,118 
Basic research program increase ................................................. [40,000 ] [40,000 ] 
003 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ....................................................... 72,603 72,603 72,603 72,603 004 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ................................. 100,340 100,340 100,340 100,340 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................. 425,079 425,079 465,079 40,000 465,079 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
005 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 28,314 28,314 28,314 28 ,314 
006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY .......................................... 38,374 38,374 38,374 38,374 007 0602122A TRACTOR HIP .......................................................................................... 6,879 6,879 6 ,879 6,879 
008 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 56,884 56,884 56,884 56,884 
009 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .................................................... 19,243 19,243 19,243 19,243 010 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ 45,053 53,053 45,053  8,000 53,053 
A2/AD Anti-Ship Missile Study ..................................................... [8,000 ] [8,000 ] 
011 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 29,428 29,428 29,428 29,428 012 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ............................................... 27,862 27,862 27,862 27,862 013 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ............................... 68,839 68,839 68,839 68,839 014 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 92,801 92,801 92,801 9 2,801 
015 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ............ 3,866 3,866 3,866 3,866 016 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................ 5,487 5,487 5,487 5,487 017 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY .............................................. 48,340 48,340 48,340 48,340 018 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ............................................. 55,301 55,301 55,301 55,301 019 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 33,807 33,807 33,807 33, 807 
020 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ........................................................................ 25,068 25,068 25,068 25 ,068 
021 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ...................................... 23,681 23,681 23,681 23,681 022 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ............................................... 20,850 20,850 20,850 20,850 023 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ....................... 36,160 36,160 36,160 36,160 024 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ............................................. 12,656 12,656 12,656 12,656 025 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................... 63,409 63,409 63,409 63,409 026 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY .................................. 24,735 19,735 24,735 24,735 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–5,000 ] 
027 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 35,795 35,795 35,795 35,7 95 
028 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 76,853 76,853 76,853 7 6,853 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................... 879,685 882,685 879,685 8,000 887,685 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
029 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................. 46,973 46,973 46,973 46,973 030 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................ 69,584 69,584 69,584 69,584 031 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................ 89,736 89,736 89,736 89,736 032 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................ 57,663 57,663 57,663 57,663 033 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............ 113,071 113,071 113,071 113,071 034 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................... 5,554 5,554 5,554 5,554 035 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...... 12,636 12,636 12,636 12,636 037 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ........................................................................................ 7,502 7,502 7, 502 7,502 
038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ......................... 17,425 17,425 17,425 17,425 039 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ...................................................................................... 11,912 11,912 11 ,912 11,912 
040 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................... 27,520 27,520 27,520 27,520 041 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ........................................................................................ 2,381 2,381 2, 381 2,381 
042 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ...................................................................................... 2,431 2,431 2,43 1 2,431 
043 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .................................................... 26,874 26,874 26,874 26,874 044 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................... 49,449 49,449 49,449 49,449 045 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................... 10,999 10,999 10 ,999 10,999 
046 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............. 177,159 177,159 167,159 177,159 
Encourage use of commercial technology .................................... [–10,000 ] 
047 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............. 13,993 13,993 13,993 13,993 048 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................ 5,105 5,105 5,105 5,105 049 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................ 40,929 40,929 40,929 40,929 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00339 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6648 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
050 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ................. 10,727 10,727 10,727 10,727 
051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................ 20,145 20,145 20,145 20,145 052 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY 38,163 38,163 38,163 38,163 053 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. 37,816 37,816 37,816 37,81 6 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................... 895,747 895,747 885,747 895,747 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
054 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ................................... 10,347 10,347 10,347 10,347 055 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................... 25,061 25,061 25,061 25,061 056 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV .................................... 49,636 49,636 49,636 49,636 057 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ............... 13,426 13,426 13,426 13,426 058 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ............................................ 46,749 46,749 46,749 46,749 060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................. 6,258 6,258 6,258 6,258 061 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV ................. 13,472 13,472 13,472 13,472 062 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................. 7,292 7,292 7,292 7,292 063 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ............................. 8,813 8,813 8,813 8,813 065 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 6,075 6,075 6,075 6,075 067 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ............................... 21,233 21,233 21,233 21,233 068 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV .............................................................. 31,962 31,962 31,962 31,962 069 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................... 22,194 22,194 22,194 22,194 071 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .................................................................. 9,805 9,805 9,805 9,805 072 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................. 40,917 40,917 40,917 40,917 073 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ....................... 30,058 30,058 30,058 30,058 074 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT 
(IFPC2).155,361 155,361 155,361 155,361 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 498,659 498,659 498,659 498,659 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
076 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS ............................................................................... 12,939 12,939 12,9 39 12,939 
078 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 18,843 18,843 18,843 18,843 079 0604280A JOINT TACTICAL RADIO ........................................................................... 9,861 9,861 9,861 9 ,861 
080 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) .............................. 8,763 8,763 8,763 8,763 081 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ............................................................ 4,309 4,309 4,309 4,309 082 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................... 15,138 15,138 15 ,138 15,138 
083 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ............................................................... 74,128 80,628 76,628 6,500 80,628 
Army requested realignment ......................................................... [1,500 ] [1,500 ] Soldier Enhancement Program ..................................................... [5,000 ] [5,000 ] Transfer from WTCV ...................................................................... [2,500 ] 
085 0604611A JAVELIN ................................................................................................... 3,945 3, 945 3,945 3,945 
087 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ........................................................................... 10,076 10,076 10,076  10,076 
088 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ................................... 40,374 40,374 40,374 40,374 089 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................................... 67,582 67,582 67,582 67,582 090 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT .................................... 1,763 1,763 1,763 1,763 091 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ........................................ 27,155 27,155 27,155 27,155 092 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV .... 24,569 24,569 24,569 24,569 093 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................... 23,364 23,364 23,364 23,364 094 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ........................................ 8,960 8,960 8,960 8,960 095 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................. 9,138 9,138 9,138 9,138 096 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE .............................. 21,622 21,622 21,622 21,622 097 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ............................ 99,242 99,242 99,242 99,242 098 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV .................................................. 21,379 21,379 21,379 21,379 099 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ............................... 48,339 48,339 48,339 48,339 100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ........... 2,726 2,726 2,726 2,726 101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT— 
ENG DEV.45,412 45,412 45,412 45,412 
102 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ............................................ 55,215 55,215 55,215 55,215 
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ...... 163,643 163,643 163,643 163,643 105 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 12,309 12,309 12,309 12,309 
106 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) .................... 15,700 15,700 15,700 15,700 
107 0604823A FIREFINDER ............................................................................................ 6,243 6,243 6,243 6,243 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00340 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6649 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
108 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ............................................... 18,776 18,776 18,776 18,776 
109 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ................................................................... 1,953 1,953 1,953 1,953 110 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................... 67,358 67,358 67,358 67,358 111 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................. 136,011 136,011 86,011 –15,000 121,011 
Restructure program ..................................................................... [–50,000 ] [–15,000 ] 
112 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ........................................ 230,210 230,210 230,210 230,210 113 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ............................................ 13,357 13,357 13,357 13,357 114 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ............................................................ 18,055 18,055 18,055 18,05 5 
115 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ........................................................................................ 5,677 5,677 5, 677 5,677 
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ............................... 77,570 101,570 101,570 24,000 101,570 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Require-
ment.[24,000 ] [24,000 ] [24,000 ] 
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT .............................................. 18,112 78,112 78,112 60,000 78,112  
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Require-
ment.[60,000 ] [60,000 ] [60,000 ] 
118 0605350A WIN-T INCREMENT 3—FULL NETWORKING ............................................ 39,700 39,700 39,700 39,700 
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) .......................................... 12,987 12,987 6,155 12,987 
Only for SALT program .................................................................. [–6,832 ] 
120 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................. 88,866 68,866 88,866 –5,812 83, 054 
EMD contract delays ..................................................................... [–20,000 ] [–5,812 ] 
121 0605456A PAC–3/MSE MISSILE .............................................................................. 2,272 2,272 2,272 2 ,272 
122 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ...................... 214,099 214,099 214,099 214,099 123 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE .................................................................... 49,247 39,247 49,247 –10, 000 39,247 
Funding ahead of need ................................................................ [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
124 0605626A AERIAL COMMON SENSOR ...................................................................... 2 2 2 2 125 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ......................................... 10,599 10,599 10,599 10,599 126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFAC-
TURING DEVELOPMENT PH.32,486 32,486 32,486 32,486 
127 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................. 8,880 8,880 8,880 8,880 
128 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................... 152,288 152,288 152,288 152,288 129 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ...................................................................................... 5,022 5,022 5,022  5,022 
130 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 12,686 12,686 12,686 12,686 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................... 2,068,950 2,129,450 2,098,618 59,688 2,128,638 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
131 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 20,035 20,035 20,035 20,035 132 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 16,684 16,684 16,684 16,684 133 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ....................................................................... 62,580 62,580 62,580 62 ,580 
134 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER .......................................................................... 20,853 20,853 20,853 2 0,853 
135 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL ........................................................................ 205,145 205,145 205,14 5 205,145 
136 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM .............................................. 19,430 19,430 19,430 19,430 138 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ..................................................... 277,646 277,646 277,646 277,64 6 
139 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ................... 51,550 51,550 51,550 51,550 140 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS ...................................................... 33,246 33,246 33,246 33,246 141 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ....................................................................... 4,760 4,760 4,760 4,7 60 
142 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES .............................. 8,303 8,303 8,303 8,303 143 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ............................................................... 20,403 20,403 20,403 20,40 3 
144 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ......................................................... 10,396 10,396 10,396 10,396 145 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING ..................................................... 49,337 49,337 49,337 49,337 146 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ................................................................... 52,694 52,694 52,694 52,6 94 
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG .................. 938 938 938 938 148 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ..................................................................... 60,319 60,319 60,319 60 ,319 
149 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................... 28,478 28,478 28,478 28,478 150 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............... 32,604 24,604 24,604 –8,000 24,604 
Program reduction ........................................................................ [–8,000 ] [–8,000 ] [–8,000 ] 
151 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT .................... 3,186 3,186 3,186 3,186 152 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ....................................................................... 48,955 48,955 48,955 48,95 5 
SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ...................................... 1,027,542 1,019,542 1,019,542 –8,000 1,019,542 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00341 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6650 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
154 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................ 18,397 18,397 18,397 18,397 
155 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ....................................................................................... 9,461 9,461 9,4 61 9,461 
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........ 4,945 4,945 4,945 4,945 157 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE .................................................................................... 7,569 7,569 7,569  7,569 
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........................................ 69,862 69,862 69,862 69,862 159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................. 66,653 66,653 66,653 66,653 160 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...................................... 37,407 37,407 37,407 37,407 161 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................. 1,151 1,151 1,151 1,151 162 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................. 51,164 51,164 51,164 51,164 
163 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE ................................................... 2,481 2,481 2,481 2,481 164 0607141A LOGISTICS AUTOMATION ......................................................................... 1,673 1,673 1,673 1,6 73 
166 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ......................................................................... 13,237 13,237 13,237 13,237 
167 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ......................................................... 105,816 105,816 105,816 105,81 6 
169 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE .................................... 40,565 40,565 40,565 40,565 171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM 
(JADOCS).35,719 35,719 35,719 35,719 
172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ....................................... 257,167 292,167 354,167 97,000 354,167 
Stryker Lethality Upgrades ............................................................ [35,000 ] [97,000 ] [97,000 ] 
173 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................... 15,445 15,445 15,445 15,445 175 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................... 364 364 364 364 176 0203758A DIGITIZATION .......................................................................................... 4,361 4,361 4,361 4,361 
177 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................. 3,154 3,154 3,154 3,154 178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .......................... 35,951 35,951 35,951 35,951 179 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................... 34,686 34,686 34 ,686 34,686 
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV .................. 10,750 10,750 10,750 10,750 181 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ........................................................ 402 402 402 402 183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ...................... 64,159 64,159 64,159 64,159 184 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ......................... 17,527 17,527 17,527 17,527 185 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ......................................................... 20,515 20,515 20,515 20,515 187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................. 12,368 12,368 12,368 12,368 188 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................... 31,154 31,154 31,154 31,154 189 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................... 12,274 12,274 12,274 12,274 190 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ............................................ 9,355 9,355 9,355 9,355 191 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................... 7,053 7,053 7,053 7,053 193 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ............................................... 750 750 750 750 194 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................... 13,225 13,225 13,225 13,225 195 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................ 22,870 22,870 22,870 22,870 196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................... 25,592 25,592 25,592 25,592 199 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .............................................................................................. 7,297 7,297 7,297 7,297 
201 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ......................................... 3,800 3,800 3,800 3,800 202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ............................... 48,442 48,442 48,442 48,442 
202A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 4,536 4,536 4,536 4,536 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................... 1,129,297 1,164,297 1,226,297 97,000 1,226,297 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ......... 6,924,959 7,015,459 7,073,627 196,688 7,121,647 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ....................................................... 116,196 134,196 116,196 18,0 00 134,196 
Defense University Research Instumentation Program increase [18,000 ] [18,000 ] 
002 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................... 19,126 19,126 19,126 19,126 003 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................................................. 451,606 451,606 506,606 55,0 00 506,606 
Basic research program increase ................................................. [55,000 ] [55,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................. 586,928 604,928 641,928 73,000 659,928 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................. 68,723 68,723 68,723 68,723 005 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................. 154,963 154,963 154,963 154,963 006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ..................................... 49,001 49,001 49,001 49,001 007 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................ 42,551 42,551 42,551 42,551 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00342 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6651 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................................. 45,056 45,056 45,056 45,056 
009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................... 115,051 115,051 115,051 115,051 010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................... 42,252 62,252 42,252 20,000 62,252 
Service Life Extension for the AGOR Ship .................................... [20,000 ] [20,000 ] 
011 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................... 6,119 6,119 6,119 6,119 012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................ 123,750 123,750 142,350 18,600 142,35 0 
Accelerate undersea warfare research ......................................... [18,600 ] [18,600 ] 
013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ................................ 179,686 179,686 179,686 179,686 014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ................... 37,418 37,418 37,418 37,418 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................... 864,570 884,570 883,170 38,600 903,170 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
015 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................... 37,093 37,093 37,093 37,093 016 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................... 38,044 38,044 38,044 38,044 017 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................... 34,899 34,899 34,899 34,899 018 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ...................... 137,562 137,562 137,562 137,562 019 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................. 12,745 12,745 12,745 12,745 020 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 258,860 248,860 248,860 258,860 
Capable manpower, enablers, and sea basing ........................... [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
021 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................ 57,074 57,074 57,074 57,074 022 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................ 4,807 4,807 4,807 4,807 023 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................... 13,748 13,748 13,748 13,748 024 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS .................. 66,041 66,041 66,041 66,041 025 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........... 1,991 1,991 1,991 1,991 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................... 662,864 652,864 652,864 662,864 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
026 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ...................................................... 41,832 41,832 41,832 41,832 027 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ........................................................................ 5,404 5,404 5,404 5, 404 
028 0603237N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL ...................................... 3,086 3,086 3,086 3,086 029 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 11,643 11,643 11,6 43 11,643 
030 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 5,555 5,555 5,555 5,555 031 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ................................................ 3,087 3,087 3,087 3,087 032 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ......................................... 1,636 1,636 1,636 1,636 033 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ................. 118,588 118,588 118,588 –5,000 113,588 
LDUUV development growth .......................................................... [–5,000 ] 
034 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ........................................................ 77,385 77,385 77,385 77,385 035 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 8,348 8,348 8,348 8,348 036 0603525N PILOT FISH .............................................................................................. 123,246 12 3,246 123,246 123,246 
037 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................... 28,819 28,819 28 ,819 28,819 
038 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER .................................................................................. 112,678 112,678 1 12,678 112,678 
039 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ........................................................................ 710 710 710 710 040 0603553N SURFACE ASW ........................................................................................ 1,096 1,096 1,0 96 1,096 
041 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................... 87,160 135,160 98,160 6,200 93,360 
Accelerate unmanned underwater vehicle development .............. [48,000 ] [11,000 ] [10,000 ] Universal launch and recovery module unfunded outyear tail .... [–3,800 ] 
042 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ........................................... 10,371 10,371 10,371 10,371 043 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ........................................................ 11,888 11,888 11,888 11,888 044 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ............................. 4,332 4,332 4,332 4,332 045 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................. 482,040 62,740 482,040 482,040 
Transfer to National Sea-Based Deterrance Fund ....................... [–419,300 ] 
046 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS .......................................... 25,904 25,904 25,904 25,904 047 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ......................................................................................... 511,802 511,80 2 511,802 511,802 
048 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ............................................................... 118,416 118,416 118,416 1 18,416 
049 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ............................................................. 35,901 35,901 35,901 35,901 050 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT ............................................................................... 971,393 971,393 971 ,393 
Transfer to National Sea-Based Deterrance Fund-OR Develop-
ment.[–971,393 ] 
051 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ......................................................................... 206,149 206,149 206,14 9 206,149 
052 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) ................................................ 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00343 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6652 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
053 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS .................................................................... 7,678 7,678 7,678 7,678 
054 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ...................................................... 219,082 219,082 219,082 219,082  
055 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ........................... 623 623 623 623 056 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................... 18,260 18,260 18,260 18,260 057 0603658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT .................................................................. 76,247 76,247 76,247 76,24 7 
058 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............................. 4,520 4,520 4,520 4,520 059 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ............................................................... 20,711 20,711 20,711 20,711  
060 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ....................................................................... 47,761 47,761 47,761 47, 761 
061 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ...................................................................... 5,226 5,226 5,226 5,22 6 
062 0603734N CHALK CORAL ......................................................................................... 182,771 182,77 1 182,771 182,771 
063 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ............................................................... 3,866 3,866 3,866 3,866 064 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ..................................................................................... 360,065 360,065 360,065 360,065 
065 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ...................................................................................... 237,416 237,416  237,416 237,416 
066 0603751N RETRACT ELM ......................................................................................... 37,944 37,944 37,944 37,944 
067 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN ................................................................................... 47,312 47,312 47, 312 47,312 
068 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES .............................................................................. 17,408 17,408 17,40 8 17,408 
069 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 9,359 9,359 9,359 9,359 070 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 887 10,887 887 887 
5–Inch Guided Projectile Technology ............................................ [10,000 ] 
071 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING .................................................. 29,448 29,448 29,448 29,448 072 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ........ 91,479 91,479 91,479 91,479 073 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ......................... 67,360 67,360 67,360 67,360 074 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) 48,105 48,105 127,205 79,100 127,205 
Full ship shock trials for CVN–78 ................................................ [79,100 ] [79,100 ] 
075 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................................. 20,089 20,089 20,089 20,089 076 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES 
(TADIRCM).18,969 18,969 18,969 18,969 
077 0604279N ASE SELF-PROTECTION OPTIMIZATION ................................................... 7,874 7,874 7,874 7,874 
078 0604292N MH-XX .................................................................................................... 5,298 5,2 98 5,298 5,298 
079 0604454N LX (R) ..................................................................................................... 46,486 75,486 75,486 29,000 75,486 
LX(R) Acceleration ......................................................................... [29,000 ] [29,000 ] [29,000 ] 
080 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE 
(JCREW).3,817 3,817 3,817 3,817 
081 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ....................... 9,595 9,595 9,595 9,595 
082 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEER-
ING SUPPORT.29,581 29,581 29,581 –4,335 25,246 
Maritime concept generation and development growth ............... [–4,335 ] 
083 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT .............. 285,849 285,849 285,849 285,849 084 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFAC-
TURING DEVELOPMENT PH.36,656 36,656 36,656 36,656 
085 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ..................................................... 9,835 9,835 9,835 9,835 
086 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................ 580 580 580 580 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 5,024,626 3,720,933 5,143,726 104,965 5,129,591 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
087 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT ................................................................. 21,708 21,708 21,708 21,7 08 
088 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. 11,101 11,101 11,101 11,10 1 
089 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ................................................................. 39,878 39,878 39,878 39,878  
090 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 53,059 53,059 53,059 53,0 59 
091 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ......................... 21,358 21,358 21,358 21,358 092 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................... 4,515 4,515 4,515 4,515 093 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............................................................ 1,514 1,514 1,514 1,514 094 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM .................................................................. 5,875 5,875 5,875 5,875 095 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ................................................................ 81,553 81,553 81,553 81,553  
096 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE ............................................................................. 272,149 272,149 272,1 49 272,149 
097 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................... 27,235 52,235 27 ,235 27,235 
UH–1Y/AH–1Z Readiness Improvement Unfunded Requirement [25,000 ] 
098 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ................................................................. 35,763 35,763 35,763 35,76 3 
099 0604262N V–22A ..................................................................................................... 87,918 9 8,618 87,918 87,918 
Digital interoperability program ................................................... [10,700 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00344 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6653 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
100 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 12,679 12,679 12,679 12,679 
101 0604269N EA–18 ..................................................................................................... 56,921 5 6,921 56,921 56,921 
102 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 23,685 23,685 23,685 23,685 103 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 507,093 507,093 507,093 507,0 93 
104 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ......................................................... 411,767 411,767 411,767 411,7 67 
105 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ........................... 25,071 25,071 25,071 25,071 106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ........................ 443,433 443,433 443,433 –10,000 433,433 
Aegis development support growth .............................................. [–10,000 ] 
107 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ................................................. 747 747 747 747 108 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) .............................................................. 97,002 97,002 97,002 97,002  
109 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ...................................................... 129,649 129,649 129,649 129,649  
110 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ..................................................................................... 11,647 11,647 11, 647 11,647 
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE 
(EW) FOR AVIATION.2,778 2,778 2,778 2,778 
112 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGI-
NEERING.23,695 23,695 23,695 23,695 
113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND 
STRIKE (UCLASS) SYSTEM.134,708 134,708 350,000 484,708 
Competitive air vehicle risk reduction activities ......................... [300,000 ] 
Excess FY15 funds buy down FY16 requirements ....................... [–134,708 ] Government and industry source selection preparation .............. [50,000 ] 
114 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ..................................................... 43,914 43,914 43,914 43,914 115 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION .............................................. 109,908 109,908 109,908 109,908 116 0604504N AIR CONTROL ......................................................................................... 57,928 57,928 57,928 57,928 
117 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ............................................................. 120,217 120,217 120,217 120 ,217 
118 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ............................ 241,754 241,754 241,754 241,754 119 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN ................................................................................... 122,556 122,556 1 22,556 122,556 
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ............................................. 48,213 60,213 60,213 12,000 60,213 
Accelerate submarine combat and weapon system moderniza-
tion.[12,000 ] [12,000 ] [12,000 ] 
121 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E .............................................. 49,712 49,712 49,712 49,712 
122 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES ............................................... 4,096 4,096 4,096 4,096 123 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ........................................................ 167,719 167,719 167,719 167,7 19 
124 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. 15,122 15,122 15,122  15,122 
125 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................. 33,738 33,738 33,738 33,738 126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................... 8,123 8,123 8,123 8,123 127 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ................ 7,686 7,686 7,686 7,686 128 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ...................................................... 405 405 405 405 129 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) ........................................... 153,836 153,836 153,836 153,836 130 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ........................................... 99,619 99,619 99,619 99,619 131 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) ...................................... 116,798 116,798 116,798 116,798 
132 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .................................................................. 4,353 4,353 4,353 4,353 133 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 9,443 9,443 9,443 9,443  
134 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .......................................................................... 32,469 32,469 32,469  32,469 
135 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD ....................................................... 537,901 537,901 525,401 537,9 01 
F–35B Block 4 development early to need .................................. [–12,500 ] 
136 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD ....................................................... 504,736 504,736 492,236 504,7 36 
F–35C Block 4 development early to need .................................. [–12,500 ] 
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS .. 59,265 46,765 59,265 –38,465 20,800 
Program delay ............................................................................... [–12,500 ] [–38,465 ] 
138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY .................. 47,579 35,079 47,579 –26,335 21,244 
Program delay ............................................................................... [–12,500 ] [–26,335 ] 
139 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................... 5,914 5,914 5,914 5,914 140 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................... 89,711 89,711 89,711 89,711 141 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ........................................................................................ 632,092 632,092  632,092 632,092 
142 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ....................................................... 7,778 7,778 7,778 7,778 143 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................. 25,898 25,898 25,898 25,898 144 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ......................................... 247,929 247,929 247,929 247,929 145 0204202N DDG–1000 .............................................................................................. 103,199 103, 199 103,199 103,199 
146 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ...................................................... 998 998 998 998 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00345 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6654 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
147 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ......................................................... 17,785 17,785 17,785 17,785 
148 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ......................................................... 35,905 35,905 35,905 35,905 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................... 6,308,800 6,331,500 6,161,092 287,200 6,596,000 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
149 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 30,769 30,769 30,769 30,769 150 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 112,606 112,606 112,606 112,60 6 
151 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ....................................................................... 61,234 61,234 61,234 61 ,234 
152 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION .................. 6,995 6,995 6,995 6,995 
153 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ............................................ 4,011 4,011 4,011 4,011 154 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES .............................................................. 48,563 48,563 48,563 48,563  
155 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ................................................................... 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 157 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES ..................................................... 925 925 925 925 158 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ....................... 78,143 78,143 78,143 78,143 159 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ........................................................... 3,258 3,258 3,258 3,258 160 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ............................... 76,948 76,948 76,948 76,948 161 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................... 132,122 132,122 132,122 132,122 162 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ........................................................... 351,912 351,912 351,912 351, 912 
163 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ................................ 17,985 17,985 17,985 17,985 164 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT .................. 5,316 5,316 5,316 5,316 165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ................................. 6,519 6,519 6,519 6,519 166 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ............................................ 13,649 13,649 13,649 13,649 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 955,955 955,955 955,955 955,955 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
174 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ................................... 107,039 107,039 107,039 107,039 175 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .............................................. 46,506 46,506 46,506 46,506 176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................. 3,900 3,900 4,700 800 4,700 
Accelerate combat rapid attack weapon ...................................... [800 ] [800 ] 
177 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................... 16,569 16,569 16,569 16,569 178 0203761N RAPID TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION (RTT) ................................................. 18,632 18,632 18,632 –7,500 11,1 32 
TIPS program growth .................................................................... [–7,500 ] 
179 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS ............................................................................... 133,265 133,265 133 ,265 133,265 
181 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................. 62,867 62,867 62,867 –11,800 51,06 7 
Joint aerial layer network growth ................................................. [–11,800 ] 
182 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................ 36,045 36,045 36,04 5 36,045 
183 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ....... 25,228 25,228 25,228 25,228 184 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................... 54,218 54,218 54,218 54,218 185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ......... 11,335 11,335 11,335 11,335 186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) .................................... 80,129 80,129 80,129 –14,500 65,629 
Block II test assets early to need ................................................ [–14,500 ] 
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................. 39,087 54,087 39,087 39,087 
Anti-Submarine Warfare Underwater Range Instrumentation Up-
grade.[15,000 ] 
188 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ............................................................ 1,915 1,915 1,915 1,915 
189 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ............................... 46,609 46,609 46,609 46,609 190 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................. 52,708 52,708 52,708 –18,000 34,708 
AARGM extended range program growth ...................................... [–18,000 ] 
191 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................ 149,997 149,997 149 ,997 149,997 
192 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ..................................... 24,460 24,460 24,460 24,460 193 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ........................................................................................ 42,206 42,206 4 7,706 5,500 47,706 
Accelerate torpedo upgrades ........................................................ [5,500 ] [5,500 ] 
194 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ...................................................................... 117,759 117,759 117,759  117,759 
195 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ............................................ 101,323 101,323 101,323 101,323 196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................ 67,763 67,763 67,763 67,763 197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) .......... 13,431 13,431 13,431 13,431 198 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ......... 56,769 56,769 56,769 56,769 199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ....................................... 20,729 20,729 20,729 20,729 200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ............... 13,152 13,152 13,152 13,152 201 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ............................................................. 48,535 48,535 48,535 48,535  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00346 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6655 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
202 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ......................................................................... 76,016 76,016 76,016  76,016 
203 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................ 32,172 32,172 32,172 32,172 208 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................. 53,239 53,239 53,239 53,239 209 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ..... 21,677 21,677 21,677 21,677 210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................... 28,102 28,102 28,102 28,102 211 0303150M WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................... 294 294 294 294 213 0305160N NAVY METEOROLOGICAL AND OCEAN SENSORS-SPACE (METOC) ......... 599 599 599 599 214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ........................... 6,207 6,207 6,207 6,207 215 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................... 8,550 8,550 8,550 8,550 216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ........................................... 41,831 41,831 41,831 41,831 217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................... 1,105 1,105 1,105 1,105 218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................... 33,149 33,149 33,149 33,149 219 0305220N RQ–4 UAV .............................................................................................. 227,188 227, 188 227,188 227,188 
220 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .............................................................................................. 52,770 52,77 0 52,770 52,770 
221 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ............................................................................................ 635 635 635 6 35 
222 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .............................................................................................. 688 688 688 688 
223 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) .......................................... 4,647 4,647 4,647 4,647 224 0305239M RQ–21A .................................................................................................. 6,435 6,43 5 6,435 6,435 
225 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................... 49,145 49,145 49,145 49,145 226 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ........................... 9,246 9,246 9,246 9,246 227 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 150,854 150,854 150,8 54 150,854 
228 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT .................................................. 4,757 4,757 4,757 4,757 229 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) .............................................................. 24,185 24,185 24,185 24,18 5 
231 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) ..................................................... 4,321 4,321 4,321 4,321 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 1,252,185 1,252,18 5 1,252,185 1,252,185 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................... 3,482,173 3,497,173 3,488,473 –45,500 3,436,673 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .......... 17,885,916 16,647,923 17,927,208 458,265 18,344,181 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................................................. 329,721 329,721 374,721 45,0 00 374,721 
Basic research program increase ................................................. [45,000 ] [45,000 ] 
002 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ....................................................... 141,754 141,754 141,754 141, 754 
003 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................ 13,778 13,778 13,778 13,778 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................. 485,253 485,253 530,253 45,000 530,253 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602102F MATERIALS ............................................................................................. 125,234 125, 234 115,234 125,234 
Nanostructured and biological materials ..................................... [–10,000 ] 
005 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES .................................................... 123,438 123,438 123,438 123,438 006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................ 100,530 90,530 100,530 100,530 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–10,000 ] 
007 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION ....................................................................... 182,326 177,326 182,326  182,326 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–5,000 ] 
008 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ............................................................................ 147,291 147,291 147,2 91 147,291 
009 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 116,122 116,122 116, 122 116,122 
010 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS .................................................................... 99,851 99,851 99,851 99, 851 
011 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY .......................................................... 115,604 115,604 115,604 115,60 4 
012 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ............................. 164,909 164,909 164,909 164,909 013 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................................................... 42,037 42,037 42,037 42,037 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................... 1,217,342 1,202,342 1,207,342 1,217,342 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
014 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .................................... 37,665 47,665 37,665 10,000 47,665 
Metals Affordability Initiative ....................................................... [10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
015 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ................................. 18,378 18,378 18,378 18,378 016 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ......................................................... 42,183 42,183 42,183 42,183 017 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ................................................... 100,733 100,733 100,733 100,733 018 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ........................... 168,821 168,821 168,821 168,821 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00347 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6656 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
019 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................... 47,032 47,032 47,032 47,032 
020 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY .................................................. 54,897 54,897 54,897 54,897 021 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) ....................................... 12,853 12,853 12,853 12,853 022 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........ 25,448 25,448 25,448 25,448 023 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................ 48,536 48,536 48,536 48,536 024 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 30,195 30,195 30,195 30,195 025 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................ 42,630 52,630 42,630 10,000 52,630 
Maturation of advanced manufacturing for low-cost 
sustainment.[10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
026 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ....... 46,414 46,414 46,414 46,414 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................... 675,785 695,785 675,785 20,000 695,785 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
027 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................. 5,032 5,032 5,032 5,032 029 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 4,070 4,070 4,070 4,070 030 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................. 21,790 21,790 21,790 21,790 031 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 4,736 4,736 4,736 4,736 033 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ........................................... 30,771 30,771 30,771 30,771 034 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL .............................. 39,765 39,765 39,765 39,765 036 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE .............................................................................. 1,246,228 786,228 7 86,228 –460,000 786,228 
Delayed EMD contract award ....................................................... [–460,000 ] [–460,000 ] [–460,000 ] 
037 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ........................................................................ 3,512 13,512 3,512 5,00 0 8,512 
Technology transfer program increase ......................................... [10,000 ] [5,000 ] 
038 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PRO-
GRAM.54,637 54,637 54,637 54,637 
040 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON .............................................................. 76,108 56,108 76,108 –20,000  56,108 
Unjustified increase and analysis of alternatives ....................... [–20,000 ] [–20,000 ] 
044 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................... 6,457 20,457 19,957 13,500 19,9 57 
SSA, Weather, or Launch Activities .............................................. [14,000 ] [13,500 ] [13,500 ] 
045 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ................................................................. 246,514 246,514 246,514 24 6,514 
046 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ............................................... 75,166 75,166 75,166 75,166 049 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ...................................................... 8,830 3,930 8,830 8,830 
Program reduction ........................................................................ [–4,900 ] 
050 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ........................... 14,939 14,939 14,939 14,939 051 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) 142,288 142,288 142,288 142,288 052 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................ 81,732 81,732 96,732 15,000 96,732 
Increase USCC Cyber Operations Technology Development ......... [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 2,062,575 1,601,675 1,631,075 –446,500 1,616,075 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
055 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 929 929 929 929 056 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................... 60,256 60,256 60,256 60,256 057 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................... 5,973 5,973 5,973 5,973 058 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD .................................................. 32,624 32,624 32,624 32,624 059 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ...................................................................... 24,208 24,208 24,208 24, 208 
060 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS .............................................. 32,374 32,374 32,374 32,374 061 0604426F SPACE FENCE ......................................................................................... 243,909 243,90 9 243,909 243,909 
062 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ............................................................ 8,358 8,358 8,358 8,358 063 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD .......................... 292,235 302,235 292,235 292,235 
Exploitation of SBIRS .................................................................... [10,000 ] 
064 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 40,154 40,154 40,154 40,154 065 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ....................................................................................... 2,506 2,506 2,5 06 2,506 
066 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ....................................................................... 57,678 57,678 57,678 57 ,678 
067 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ........................................................................ 8,187 8,187 8,187 8,18 7 
068 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ................................................................... 15,795 15,795 15,795 15,7 95 
069 0604800F F–35—EMD ........................................................................................... 589,441 589,441  564,441 589,441 
F–35A Block 4 development early to need .................................. [–25,000 ] 
071 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ... 84,438 184,438 84,438 100,000 184,438 
EELV Program—Launch Vehicle Development ............................. [–84,438 ] 
EELV Program—Rocket Propulsion System Development ............ [184,438 ] [100,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00348 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6657 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
072 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON .......................................................... 36,643 36,643 36,643 36,643 
073 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 142,551 142,551 142,551 1 42,551 
074 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B ............................................... 140,640 140,640 140,640 140,640 075 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT ................................. 3,598 3,598 3,598 3,598 076 0605221F KC–46 .................................................................................................... 602,364 4 02,364 402,364 –200,000 402,364 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–200,000 ] [–200,000 ] [–200,000 ] 
077 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ................................................................... 11,395 11,395 11,395 11, 395 
078 0605229F CSAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ........................................................... 156,085 156,085 156,085 156, 085 
080 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................... 228,230 228,230 228,230 228,230 
081 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................. 72,084 72,084 72,084 72,0 84 
082 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................... 56,343 52,343 56,343 –4,000 52,3 43 
Excess to need .............................................................................. [–4,000 ] [–4,000 ] 
083 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E ............................................... 47,629 47,629 47,629 47,629 084 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................ 271,961 271,961 271,961 271,961 085 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION .................................................... 212,121 212,121 212,121 212,121 086 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ......................................................................................... 186,481 186,48 1 215,981 186,481 
Flight test support ........................................................................ [1,500 ] NRE for ADCPII upgrade ............................................................... [28,000 ] 
087 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING .......................................................... 18,082 18,082 18,082 18,082 088 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................. 993 993 993 993 089 0307581F NEXTGEN JSTARS .................................................................................... 44,343 44,343 44 ,343 44,343 
091 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ..................................... 102,620 102,620 102,620 102,620 092 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ................................................................... 14,563 14,563 14,563 14,5 63 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................... 3,847,791 3,753,791 3,652,291 –104,000 3,743,791 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
093 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 23,844 23,844 23,844 23,844 094 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ....................................................................... 68,302 73,302 68,302 5, 000 73,302 
Airborne Sensor Data Correlation Project ..................................... [5,000 ] [5,000 ] 
095 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE .................................................................... 34,918 34,918 34,918 34, 918 
097 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ........................................... 10,476 10,476 10,476 10,476 098 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ........................................................... 673,908 673,908 673,908 673, 908 
099 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ..................................... 21,858 21,858 21,858 21,858 100 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) ................................................................. 28,228 28,228 28,228 28,2 28 
101 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUA-
TION SUPPORT.40,518 40,518 40,518 40,518 
102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .............. 27,895 27,895 27,895 27,895 
103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ........................................ 16,507 16,507 16,507 16,507 104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ............................... 18,997 18,997 18,997 18,997 106 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE .................. 185,305 185,305 185,305 –5,000 180,305 
Excess to need .............................................................................. [–5,000 ] 
107 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) ............................................. 4,841 4,841 4,841 4,841 108 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................... 15,357 15,357 15,357 15,357 109 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ...................................................................... 1,315 1,315 1,315 1,31 5 
111 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .................................................................... 2,315 2,315 2,315 2,31 5 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 1,174,584 1,179,584 1,174,584 1,174,584 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
112 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT 350,232 350,232 350,232 350,232 113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ................................. 10,465 10,465 10,465 10,465 114 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE .................................................................... 24,577 24,577 24,577 24, 577 
117 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) .................... 69,694 69,694 24,294 –40,000 29,694 
Forward financing, excluding funding for audit readiness ......... [–45,400 ] [–40,000 ] 
118 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY .................................. 26,718 26,718 26,718 26,718 119 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E .................................................................... 10,807 10,807 10,807 10,8 07 
121 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS ................................................................................. 74,520 74,520 74,52 0 74,520 
122 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................... 451 451 451 451 123 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS ................................................................................. 2,245 2,245 2,245 2 ,245 
124 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ................................................................................... 108,183 108,183 10 8,183 108,183 
125 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ....................................................................... 178,929 178,929 178,929 178,929 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00349 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6658 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM .................................... 28,481 28,481 28,481 28,481 
127 0101314F NIGHT FIST—USSTRATCOM .................................................................... 87 87 87 87 128 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ................................ 5,315 5,315 5,315 5,315 131 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ........................ 8,090 8,090 8,090 8,090 132 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .............................................................................................. 123,439 123, 439 123,439 123,439 
134 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................. 16,200 16,200 16,2 00 16,200 
A–10 restoration: operational flight program development ......... [16,200 ] [16,200 ] [16,200 ] 
135 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................. 148,297 188,297 14 8,297 50,000 198,297 
AESA Radar Integration ................................................................ [50,000 ] [50,000 ] 
Unobligated balances ................................................................... [–10,000 ] 
136 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................ 179,283 169,283 192 ,079 12,796 192,079 
Duplicative effort with the Navy .................................................. [–10,000 ] Transfer from procurement ........................................................... [12,796 ] [12,796 ] 
137 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION ................................................... 14,860 14,860 14,860 14,860 138 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................ 262,552 262,552 262 ,552 262,552 
139 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................. 115,395 90,395 115 ,395 –61,474 53,921 
Program delay ............................................................................... [–25,000 ] [–61,474 ] 
140 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ......................................................................... 43,360 43,360 43,360  43,360 
141 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................ 46,160 46,160 46,160 46,160 143 0207224F COMBAT RESCUE AND RECOVERY ......................................................... 412 412 412 412 144 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................... 657 657 657 657 145 0207247F AF TENCAP ............................................................................................. 31,428 31,42 8 31,428 31,428 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ....................................... 1,105 1,105 1,105 1,105 147 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................... 14,249 14,249 14 ,249 14,249 
148 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................... 103,942 103,942 103,942 103,942 149 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ............................. 12,793 12,793 12,793 12,793 150 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................ 21,193 21,193 21,193 21,193 151 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ............................................ 559 559 559 559 152 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ......................... 161,812 161,812 161,812 161,812 153 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS .............................................. 6,001 6,001 6,001 6,001 155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ................................... 7,793 7,793 7,793 7,793 156 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD ..................................................... 12,465 12,465 12,465 12,465 157 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK ................................................................... 1,681 1,681 1,681 1,681  
159 0207452F DCAPES .................................................................................................. 16,796 16, 796 16,796 16,796 
161 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................... 21,564 21,564  21,564 21,564 
162 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ........................................................ 24,994 24,994 24,994 24,994 163 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ............................................... 6,035 6,035 6,035 6,035 164 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ............................................... 4,358 4,358 4,358 4,358 165 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ................................................................ 55,835 55,835 55,835 55,83 5 
167 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ............................................. 12,874 12,874 12,874 12,874 168 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ............................................. 7,681 7,681 7,681 7,681 171 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ............................. 5,974 5,974 5,974 5,974 177 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE ....................................................... 13,815 13,815 13,815 13,815 178 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) .................... 80,360 80,360 80,360 80,360 179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ................................. 3,907 3,907 3,907 3,907 180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK 
(MEECN).75,062 75,062 75,062 75,062 
181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................... 46,599 46,599 46,599 46,599 
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ................................. 2,470 2,470 2,470 2,470 186 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE .............................................................. 112,775 112,775 112,775 11 2,775 
189 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ......................................... 4,235 4,235 4,235 4,235 192 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................ 7,879 5,879 7,879 7,879 
Unjustified increase in systems engineering ............................... [–2,000 ] 
193 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................. 29,955 29,955 29,9 55 29,955 
194 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) .. 21,485 21,485 21,485 21,485 195 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................... 2,515 2,515 2,51 5 2,515 
198 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................. 472 472 472 472 199 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ......................................................... 12,137 12,137 12,137 12,137 200 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................. 361 361 361 361 203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ........................... 3,162 3,162 3,162 3,162 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00350 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6659 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
204 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOP-
MENT.1,543 1,543 1,543 1,543 
205 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ............................................... 7,860 7,860 7,860 7,860 
206 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) ...................................................... 6,902 6,902 6,902 6,902 207 0305202F DRAGON U–2 .......................................................................................... 34,471 34,471 34,471 34,471 
209 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................ 50,154 60,154 50,154 10,000 60,154 
Wide Area Surveillance Capability ................................................ [10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
210 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................... 13,245 13,245 13,245 13,245 211 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................... 22,784 22,784 22,784 22,784 212 0305219F MQ–1 PREDATOR A UAV ........................................................................ 716 716 716 716 213 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .............................................................................................. 208,053 208, 053 208,053 –5,000 203,053 
Program delays ............................................................................. [–5,000 ] 
214 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING .................................. 21,587 21,587 21,587 21,587 215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) ................................ 43,986 43,986 43,986 43,986 216 0305238F NATO AGS ............................................................................................... 197,486 197 ,486 138,400 –59,086 138,400 
Transfer to Procurement for NATO AWACS ................................... [–59,086 ] [–59,086 ] 
217 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ............................................................ 28,434 28,434 28,434 28,434 218 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ........................................................................ 180,902 180,902 180,9 02 180,902 
220 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM ........................................................................ 81,911 81,911 81,911 8 1,911 
221 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION .................................................................... 3,149 3,149 3,149 3,149  
222 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) ..................................................... 14,447 14,447 14,447 14,447 223 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ......................................... 20,077 20,077 20,077 20,077 225 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ............................................................ 853 853 853 853 226 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON .................................................................... 33,962 33,962 33,962 33, 962 
227 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ................................................................ 42,864 42,864 42,864 –5, 000 37,864 
Forward financing ......................................................................... [–5,000 ] 
228 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ............................................................................... 54,807 54,807 54, 807 54,807 
229 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................. 31,010 31,010 31,0 10 31,010 
230 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ............................. 6,802 6,802 6,802 6,802 231 0401219F KC–10S .................................................................................................. 1,799 1,79 9 1,799 1,799 
232 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ............................................................ 48,453 48,453 48,453 48,453  
233 0401318F CV–22 .................................................................................................... 36,576 36 ,576 36,576 36,576 
235 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................. 7,963 7,963 7,963 7,963 236 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) .............................................................. 1,525 1,525 1,525 1,525 237 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) .................................... 112,676 112,676 81,676 –32,100 80,576 
Program growth ............................................................................ [–31,000 ] [–32,100 ] 
238 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 12,657 12,657 12,657 12,657 239 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ........................................................................ 1,836 1,836 1,836 1,8 36 
240 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 121 121 121 121 241 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................. 5,911 5,911 5,911 5,911 242 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ...................................................... 3,604 3,604 3,604 3,604 243 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ................................................................ 4,598 4,598 4,598 4,598 244 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ........................................ 1,103 1,103 1,103 1,103 246 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........ 101,840 101,840 101,840 101,840 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 12,780,142 12,780, 142 12,945,142 12,780,142 
Three program increases .............................................................. [165,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................... 17,010,339 17,039,539 17,068,849 –113,664 16,896,675 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF .............. 26,473,669 25,957,969 25,940,179 –599,164 25,874,505 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ........................................................ 38,436 38,436 38,436 38,436  
002 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................................................. 333,119 333,119 333,119 333, 119 
003 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................ 42,022 42,022 42,022 4 2,022 
004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ............................. 56,544 56,544 56,544 56,544 005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ........................................... 49,453 59,453 49,453 5,000 54,453 
STEM program increase ................................................................ [10,000 ] [5,000 ] 
006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTI-
TUTIONS.25,834 35,834 25,834 10,000 35,834 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00351 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6660 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Program increase .......................................................................... [10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................. 46,261 46,261 46,261 46,261 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................. 591,669 611,669 591,669 15,000 606,669 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
008 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. 19,352 19,352 19,352 19,3 52 
009 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 114,262 114,262 114,262 114,262 
010 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ....................................... 51,026 51,026 51,026 51,026 011 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ....... 48,226 48,226 33,226 48,226 
General program decrease ............................................................ [–15,000 ] 
012 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................ 356,358 356,358 356,358 356,358 014 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ............................................................ 29,265 29,265 29,265 29,265 015 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................. 208,111 208,111 208,111 208,111 016 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ................................................................. 13,727 13,727 13,727 13, 727 
018 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 314,582 314,582 309,5 82 –5,000 309,582 
Multi-azimuth defense fast intercept round engagement system [–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
019 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ........................................... 220,115 195,115 210,115 –18,394 201, 721 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–25,000 ] [–10,000 ] [–18,394 ] 
020 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 174,798 174,798 174,798 1 74,798 
021 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES .................. 155,415 155,415 155,415 155,415 022 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ............ 8,824 8,824 8,824 8,824 023 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 37,517 37,517 37,517 37,517 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................... 1,751,578 1,726,578 1,721,578 –23,394 1,728,184 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
024 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 25,915 25,915 25,915 25,915 026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................. 71,171 136,171 71,171 40,000 111,171 
Increase for Combating Terrorism Technology Activities ............. [25,000 ] Program increase .......................................................................... [40,000 ] [40,000 ] 
027 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ........................................................... 21,782 21,782 21,782 21,78 2 
028 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION 
AND DEFEAT.290,654 290,654 290,654 290,654 
030 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT .................... 12,139 12,139 12,139 12,139 
031 0603177C DISCRIMINATION SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................ 28,200 28,200 28,200 28,200 032 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 45,389 3,131 65,389 –38 ,022 7,367 
Fiber laser prototype development ............................................... [20,000 ] High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ........................... [–30,291 ] [–26,055 ] Move to support Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ............................... [–11,967 ] [–11,967 ] 
033 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR ................................................................................... 9,876 9,876 9,876  9,876 
034 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH ........................................................................... 17,364 17,364 17,364 1 7,364 
035 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................... 18,802 18,802 18,802 18,802 036 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER 
CAPABILITY.2,679 2,679 2,679 2,679 
037 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY ............................................... 64,708 64,708 64,708 –13,250 51,458 
Unjustified growth ........................................................................ [–13,250 ] 
038 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS .......................................................... 185,043 185,043 185,043 185,04 3 
039 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ................................................... 126,692 126,692 126,692 126,692 040 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ........................................................................ 14,645 14,645 9,645 14,645 
General program decrease ............................................................ [–5,000 ] 
041 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ............................... 59,830 49,830 59,830 –10,000 49,830 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
042 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY ................................................... 46,753 2,195 66,753 –39,558 7,195  
Increase for Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ...................................... [20,000 ] MOKV Concept Development ......................................................... [–44,558 ] [–39,558 ] 
043 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVEL-
OPMENT.140,094 140,094 140,094 140,094 
044 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................... 118,666 108,66 6 118,666 –10,000 108,666 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
045 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................ 43,966 30,466 43,966 –13,500 30,466 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–13,500 ] [–13,500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00352 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6661 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
046 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .............................. 141,540 129,540 131,540 –12,000 129,540 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–12,000 ] [–10,000 ] [–12,000 ] 
047 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ...................................... 6,980 6,980 6,980 6,980 050 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM.157,056 142,056 157,056 –15,000 142,056 
Unjustified growth ........................................................................ [–15,000 ] [–15,000 ] 
051 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................... 33,515 43,515 33,515 7,500 41,015 
Efforts to counter-ISIL and Russian aggression .......................... [10,000 ] [7,500 ] 
052 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................. 16,543 16,543 16,543 16,543 053 0603713S DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY ............... 29,888 29,888 29,888 29,888 054 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM .............................. 65,836 65,836 65,836 65,836 055 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ........ 79,037 99,037 79,037 10,000 89,037 
Trusted Source Implementation for Field Programmable Gate 
Arrays Study.[20,000 ] [10,000 ] 
056 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM .............................................................. 9,626 9,626 9,626 –2,500 7,126 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–2,500 ] 
057 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ............................................. 79,021 79,021 79,021 79,021 058 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................... 201,335 201,335 201,335 201,335 059 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ......................................... 452,861 427,861 432,861 –20,000 432,861  
Excessive program growth ............................................................ [–25,000 ] [–20,000 ] [–20,000 ] 
060 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ 257,127 257,127 257,1 27 257,127 
061 0603769SE DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....... 10,771 10,771 10,771 10,771 062 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ...................................................... 15,202 15,202 15,202 15,202 063 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS .................................................... 90,500 70,500 70,500 –20,000 70,500 
Unjustified growth ........................................................................ [–20,000 ] [–20,000 ] [–20,000 ] 
066 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................ 18,377 18,377 18,377 18,377 067 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ..................................... 82,589 82,589 82,589 82,589 068 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ............................... 37,420 37,420 37,420 37,420 069 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... 42,488 42,488 4 2,488 42,488 
070 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................... 57,741 57,741 57,741 57,741 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................... 3,229,821 3,132,505 3,214,821 –136,330 3,093,491 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
071 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT 
RDT&E ADC&P.31,710 31,710 31,710 31,710 
073 0603600D8Z WALKOFF ................................................................................................. 90,567 9 0,567 90,567 90,567 
074 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM ....................................... 15,900 19,900 19,900 15,900 
Advanced Sensors Application Program ....................................... [4,000 ] [4,000 ] 
075 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ...... 52,758 52,758 52,758 52,758 076 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ................ 228,021 228,021 228,021 228,021 077 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ............. 1,284,891 1,284,891 1,284,891 1,284,891 
077A 0603XXXX MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ............................................................ 86,525 10,000 81,525 81,5 25 
Divert attitude control systems technology to support Multi-Ob-
ject Kill Vehicle.[10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
Establish MOKV Program of Record ............................................. [86,525 ] [71,525 ] 
078 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............... 172,754 172,754 172,754 172,754 079 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ................................................. 233,588 233,588 233,588 233,588 080 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ................................................................... 409,088 409,088 409,088 40 9,088 
080A 0603XXXC WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY—HIGH POWER DE .......................................... 30,291 26,055 26,055 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ........................... [30,291 ] [26,055 ] 
081 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ................................................................... 400,387 400,387 400,387 400 ,387 
082 0603892C AEGIS BMD ............................................................................................. 843,355 870, 675 843,355 843,355 
Undifferentiated Block IB costs .................................................... [27,320 ] 
083 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ........................................ 31,632 31,632 31,632 31,632 084 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS .................... 23,289 23,289 23,289 23,289 085 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MAN-
AGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI.450,085 450,085 450,085 –12,300 437,785 
Future Spirals concurrency with multiple ongoing efforts and 
excess growth.[–12,300 ] 
086 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT .................. 49,570 49,570 49,570 49,570 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00353 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6662 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
087 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ....... 49,211 49,211 49,211 49,211 
088 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH .............................................................................. 9,583 9,583 9,583 9, 583 
089 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ......................................................... 72,866 72,866 72,866 72,866 090 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ........................................................ 102,795 267,595 268,795 –102,7 95 0 
Arrow 3 .......................................................................................... [19,500 ] Arrow System Improvement Program ............................................ [45,500 ] David’s Sling ................................................................................. [99,800 ] Increase for Arrow/David’s Sling .................................................. [166,000 ] Realign Israeli Cooperative Programs to Overseas Contingency 
Operations.[–102,795 ] 
091 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ........................................................ 274,323 274,323 274,323 274, 323 
092 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS .................................................. 513,256 513,256 513,256 513,256  
092A 0603XXXC INF RESPONSE OPTION DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 25,000 
Program increase .......................................................................... [25,000 ] 
093 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ...................................................................... 10,129 10,129 10,129 10,129 
094 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE .............................................................................. 10,350 10,350 10, 350 10,350 
095 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ............................... 1,518 6,518 11,518 10,000 11,518 
Program Increase .......................................................................... [5,000 ] [10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
096 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................. 96,300 96,300 96,300 96,300 097 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................ 469,798 469,798 469,798 469,798 098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM 
(UAS) COMMON DEVELOPMENT.3,129 3,129 3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPER-
ABILITY ASSESSMENTS.25,200 25,200 25,200 25,200 
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ...................................... 137,564 137,564 137,564 137,564 
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS .................................. 278,944 278,944 298,944 20,000 298,944 
Redesigned kill vehicle development ........................................... [20,000 ] [20,000 ] 
107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ....... 26,225 26,225 26,225 26,225 108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................... 55,148 55,148 55 ,148 55,148 
109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST .......................................... 86,764 86,764 86,764 86,764 
110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ................................................................. 34,970 34,970 34,970 34,97 0 
111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT ........................................... 172,645 172,645 172,645 172,645 112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST ................... 64,618 64,618 64,618 64,618 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ...................... 2,660 2,660 2,660 2,660 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................. 963 963 963 963 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTO-
TYPES .6,816,554 7,159,490 7,026,554 22,485 6,839,039 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT 
RDT&E SDD.8,800 8,800 8,800 8,800 
117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................ 78,817 108,817 88,817 10,000 88,817 
Concept development by the Army of a CPGS option .................. [15,000 ] [5,000 ] Concept development by the Navy of a CPGS option .................. [15,000 ] [5,000 ] CPGS development and flight test ............................................... [10,000 ] 
118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ...................... 303,647 303,647 303,647 303,647 119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) ............... 23,424 23,424 23,424 23,424 120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) ............. 14,285 14,285 14,285 14,285 121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES ..................... 7,156 7,156 7,156 7,156 122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................... 12,542 12,542 12,542 12,542 123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ....................................... 191 191 191 191 124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ...................................................... 3,273 3,273 3,273 3,273 125 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES ................................................. 5,962 5,962 5,962 5,962 126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ...... 13,412 13,412 13,412 13,412 127 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION .......................................................... 2,223 2,223 2,223 2,223 128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM .................... 31,660 31,660 31,660 31,660 129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ..................... 13,085 13,085 13,085 13,085 130 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES .................. 7,209 7,209 7,209 7,209 131 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................... 15,158 15,158 5,158 –1,364 13,79 4 
Early to need ................................................................................. [–10,000 ] [–1,364 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00354 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6663 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ........... 4,414 4,414 4,414 4,414 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............... 545,258 575,258 545,258 8,636 553,894 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ............................... 5,581 5,581 5,581 5,581 134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .................................... 3,081 3,081 3,081 3,081 135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) 229,125 229,125 229,125 229,125 136 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ......................................................... 28,674 21,674 28,674 –7,000 21,674 
Program decrease ......................................................................... [–7,000 ] [–7,000 ] 
138 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ..................... 45,235 45,235 45,235 45,235 139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ..................................... 24,936 24,936 24,936 24,936 141 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION 
(JIAMDO).35,471 35,471 35,471 35,471 
144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ......................................................................... 37,655 37,655 32,655  37,655 
Reducing reporting and inefficiencies ......................................... [–5,000 ] 
145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD .............................................. 3,015 3,015 3,015 3,015 146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY .............................................. 5,287 5,287 5,287 5,287 147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................... 5,289 5,289 5,289 5,289 148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ......................................... 2,120 2,120 2,120 2,120 149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................. 102,264 102,264 102,264 102,264 158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS 
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER.2,169 2,169 2,169 2,169 
159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS .......................................................... 13,960 13,960 13,960 13,960  
160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ............................. 51,775 51,775 51,775 51,775 161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION .... 9,533 9,533 9,533 9,533 162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION .................................................. 17,371 21,371 17,371 4,000 21,3 71 
Program increase .......................................................................... [4,000 ] [4,000 ] 
163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ....................................................................... 71,571 71,571 71,571 71,57 1 
164 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS ................................................. 4,123 4,123 4,123 4,123 165 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) .............................. 1,946 1,946 1,946 1,946 166 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT ....................................................... 7,673 7,673 7,673 7,673 169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ................. 10,413 10,413 10,413 10,413 170 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ................ 971 971 971 971 171 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE ............................................................................ 6,579 6,579 6,579 6,579 
173 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION 
(CE2T2)—MHA.43,811 43,811 43,811 43,811 
174 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ....................................................................... 35,871 35,871 35,871 35,87 1 
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT - IT .......................................... 1,072 1,072 1,072 1,072 
177A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 49,500 49,500 49,5 00 49,500 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 856,071 853,071 851,071 –3,000 853,071 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
178 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................. 7,929 7,929 7,929 7,929 179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR 
PEACE INFORMATION MANA.1,750 1,750 1,750 1,750 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYS-
TEM (OHASIS).294 294 294 294 
181 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ................... 22,576 22,576 22,576 22,576 
182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................... 1,901 1,901 1,901 1,901 183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMA-
TION SYSTEMS (G-TSCMIS).8,474 8,474 8,474 8,474 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DE-
VELOPMENT).33,561 33,561 33,561 33,561 
186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ...................................... 3,061 3,061 3,061 3,061 
187 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY ........................................................................... 64,921 64,921 64,92 1 64,921 
189 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING .................................. 3,645 3,645 3,645 3,645 193 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ...................... 963 963 963 963 194 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ..... 10,186 10,186 10,186 10,186 195 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ................................................... 36,883 36,883 36,883 36,883 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00355 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6664 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK 
(MEECN).13,735 13,735 13,735 13,735 
197 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ..................................................... 6,101 6,101 6,101 6,101 
198 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) .......................................... 43,867 43,867 43,867 43,867 199 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................... 8,957 8,957 8,957 8,957 200 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................... 146,890 146,890 146,890 146,890 201 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................................... 21,503 21,503 21,503 21,503 202 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................... 20,342 20,342 20,342 20,342 203 0303170K NET-CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ....................................... 444 444 444 444 205 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .............................................................................. 1,736 1,736 1,736 1, 736 
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES ....................................... 65,060 19,460 65,060 65,060 
Ahead of need ............................................................................... [–45,600 ] 
210 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................. 2,976 2,976 2,976 2,976  
215 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ........................................................................ 4,182 4,182 4,182 4,1 82 
216 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY ..................................................................................... 18,130 18,130  18,130 18,130 
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................... 5,302 5,302 5,302 5,302 221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................... 3,239 3,239 3,239 3,239 225 0305327V INSIDER THREAT ..................................................................................... 11,733 11,733 1 1,733 11,733 
226 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................... 2,119 2,119 2,119 2,119 234 0708011S INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................. 24,605 28,605 24,605 24,6 05 
Casting Solutions for Readiness Program ................................... [4,000 ] 
235 0708012S LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 1,770 1,770 1,770 1,770 236 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJCS ....................................................................... 2,978 2,978 2,978 2,978 237 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV .............................................................................................. 18,151 23,1 51 23,151 5,000 23,151 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Un-
manned Aerial Vehicle.[5,000 ] [5,000 ] [5,000 ] 
238 1105232BB RQ–11 UAV ............................................................................................ 758 758 758 758 
240 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 173,934 189,134 191,141 15,200 189,134 
ISR payload technology improvements ......................................... [2,000 ] MC–130 Terrain Following/Terrain Avoidance Radar Program .... [15,200 ] [15,207 ] [15,200 ] 
241 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................ 6,866 6,866 6,866 6,866 242 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .............................................................. 63,008 63,008 63,008 63,008  
243 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 25,342 25,342 25,3 42 25,342 
244 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................... 3,401 3,401 3,401 3,401 
245 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................ 3,212 3,212 3,212 3, 212 
246 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 63,597 64,597 63,5 97 63,597 
Combat Diver ................................................................................ [1,000 ] 
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................ 3,933 3,933 3,933 3,933 248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ...................................... 10,623 10,623 10,623 10,623 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 3,564,272 3,564,27 2 3,564,272 3,564,272 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................ 4,538,910 4,518,510 4,561,117 20,200 4,559,110 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
249 XXXXXXX DEFENSE WIDE CYBER VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT ........................... 200,000 200,000 200,000 
Assess all major weapon systems for cyber vulnerability ........... [200,000 ] [200,000 ] 
250 XXXXXXX UCAS-D DEVELOPMENT AND FOLLOW ON PROTOTYPING ....................... 725,000 
Supports continued efforts on UCAS-D and follow on proto-
typing.[725,000 ] 
251 XXXXXXX TECHNOLOGY OFFSET INITIATIVE ............................................................ 400,000 400,000 400,000 
Supports innovative technology development .............................. [400,000 ] [400,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................... 1,325,000 600,000 600,000 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ............. 18,329,861 18,577,081 19,837,068 503,597 18,833,458 
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
001 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION .................................................... 76,838 76,838 76,838 76,838 002 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION .......................................................... 46,882 46,882 46,882 46,8 82 
003 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ..................................... 46,838 46,838 46,838 46,838 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 170,558 170,558 170,558 170,558 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00356 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6665 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ......................... 170,558 170,558 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL RDT&E ............................................................................ 69,784,963 68,368,990 70,948,640 559,386 70,344,349 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................. 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTO-
TYPES .1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ......... 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 35,747 35,747 35,7 47 35,747 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................... 35,747 35,747 35,747 35,747 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .......... 35,747 35,747 35,747 35,747 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
133 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ..................................... 300 300 300 300 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 16,800 16,800 16,8 00 16,800 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................... 17,100 17,100 17,100 17,100 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF .............. 17,100 17,100 17,100 17,100 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW .....................................
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...............................................
026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................. 25,000 
Combating Terrorism and Technical Support Office .................... [25,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................... 25,000 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
090 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ........................................................ 267,595 267,595 
Arrow 3 .......................................................................................... [19,500 ] Arrow System Improvement Program ............................................ [45,500 ] David’s Sling ................................................................................. [99,800 ] Realign Israeli Cooperative Programs to Overseas Contingency 
Operations.[102,795 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTO-
TYPES .267,595 267,595 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................... 137,087 137,087 13 7,087 137,087 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ........................ 137,087 137,087 137,087 137,087 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ............. 137,087 162,087 137,087 267,595 404,682 
TOTAL RDT&E ............................................................................ 191,434 216,434 191,434 267,595 459,029 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00357 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.135 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6666 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ................................................................................................... 1,094,429 1,594,429 1,094,429 500,000 1,594,429 
Force Readiness Restoration—Operations Tempo ....................................... [500,000 ] [500,000 ] 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES .............................................................................. 68,873 68,873 68,873 68,873 
060 AVIATION ASSETS .................................................................................................... 141,700 
Flying Hour Program Restoration Unfunded Requirement ............................ [55,000 ] 
H–60 A-L Conversion Acceleration ............................................................... [86,700 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................ 114,000 
Army Reserve cyber education efforts .......................................................... [6,000 ] Insider Threat Unfunded Requirements ........................................................ [80,000 ] Open Source Intelligence/Human Terrain Systems Unfunded Requirements [28,000 ] 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................... 1,214,116 1,215,846 1,291 ,316 77,200 1,291,316 
Gun Tube Depot Maintenance Shortfall Recovery Acceleration .................... [1,730 ] Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [77,200 ] [77,200 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................. 7,616,008 7,607,50 8 7,626,508 10,500 7,626,508 
Public Affairs at Local Installations Unjustified Growth ............................. [–8,500 ] Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [10,500 ] [10,500 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 2,617,169 2,809,869 2,651,169 172,200 2,7 89,369 
GTMO Critical Building Maintenance ............................................................ [20,500 ] Kwajalein facilities restoration ..................................................................... [34,000 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [172,200 ] [172,200 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................... 421,269 421,269 421,269 421,269 130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS .................................................... 164,743 164,743 164,743 164,743 170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ............................................ 448,633 469,633 436,276 448,633 
Afloat Forward Staging Base Unfunded Requirement .................................. [21,000 ] Streamlining of Army Combatant Commands Direct Mission Support ........ [–12,357 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 13,645,240 14,607,870 13,754,583 759,900 14,405,140 
MOBILIZATION 
180 STRATEGIC MOBILITY .............................................................................................. 401,638 401 ,638 401,638 401,638 
200 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................. 6,532 6,532 6,532 6,532 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION .............................................................................. 408,170 408,170 408,170 408,170 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
210 OFFICER ACQUISITION ............................................................................................ 131,536 131, 536 131,536 131,536 
220 RECRUIT TRAINING ................................................................................................. 47,843 47, 843 47,843 47,843 
230 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING ................................................................................. 42,565 42,565 42, 565 42,565 
240 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ...................................................... 490,378 490,378 490,378 490,378  
250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................. 981,000 990,800 1,014,200 8,200 989,200 
Cyber Defender (25D) Series Course ............................................................ [9,800 ] Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [33,200 ] [33,200 ] Unjustified program growth .......................................................................... [–25,000 ] 
260 FLIGHT TRAINING .................................................................................................... 940,872 984,472 940,872 940,872 
Cyber Basic Officer Leadership Course ........................................................ [3,100 ] Initial Entry Rotary Wing Training Backlog Reduction ................................. [40,500 ] 
270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ............................................................ 230,324 247,624 230,324 230,3 24 
Advanced Civil Schooling – Civilian Graduate School 10 Percent Reduc-
tion ............................................................................................................ [–3,000 ] 
Unmanned Aircraft Systems Training ........................................................... [20,300 ] 
280 TRAINING SUPPORT ................................................................................................ 603,519 631 ,519 603,519 603,519 
Intelligence Support for PACOM Unfunded Requirement ............................. [28,000 ] 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 491,922 491,922 491 ,922 491,922 
300 EXAMINING .............................................................................................................. 194, 079 194,079 194,079 194,079 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ................................................................ 227,951 227,951 227,951 227 ,951 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ...................................................................... 161,048 161,048 161,04 8 161,048 
330 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ......................................................... 170,118 170,118 170,118 170,1 18 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ........................................................ 4,713,155 4,811,855 4,746,355 8,200 4,721,355 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00358 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6667 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
360 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES ................................................................................. 813,881 813,881 8 13,881 813,881 
370 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................... 714,781 715,141 7 14,781 –11,000 703,781 
TRADOC Mobile Training Team (MTT) Support Unfunded Requirement ....... [360 ] Unjustified program growth .......................................................................... [–11,000 ] 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ................................................................................... 322,127 322,127 322 ,127 322,127 
390 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 384,813 376,313 384,813 384,813 
Unjustified Growth in Public Affairs ............................................................. [–8,500 ] 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................... 1,781,350 1,781,350 1, 781,350 1,781,350 
410 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................... 292,532 292,532 292 ,532 292,532 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT ................................................................................ 375,122 375,122 375, 122 375,122 
430 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................... 1,119,848 1,115, 348 1,115,348 –4,500 1,115,348 
Spirit of America program growth ................................................................ [–4,500 ] [–4,500 ] [–4,500 ] 
440 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ....................................................................................... 225,358 225,35 8 225,358 225,358 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ................................................................................... 239,755 239,755 23 9,755 239,755 
460 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................. 223,319 223,319 223,319 223,319 470 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ............................................................ 469,865 469,865 469,865 469, 865 
480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ...................................................................... 40,521 40,521 40,521 40 ,521 
530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................... 1,120,974 1,12 0,974 1,146,474 20,000 1,140,974 
Additional SOUTHCOM ISR and intel support ............................................... [20,000 ] [20,000 ] Readiness increase ....................................................................................... [5,500 ] SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................... 8,124,246 8,111,606 8,145,246 4,500 8,128,746 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
540 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –1,112,0 00 –929,551 –847,900 –847,900 
Bulk fuel savings .......................................................................................... [–260,100 ] Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–83,400 ] [–86,000 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ...................................................................... [–431,000 ] [–431,000 ] [–431 ,000 ] 
Program decrease ......................................................................................... [–5,000 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction ............................................. [3,300 ] Streamlining of Army Management Headquarters ....................................... [–238,451 ] [–180,900 ] Unobligated balances ................................................................................... [–595,900 ] Working Capital Fund carryover above allowable ceiling ............................ [–150,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –1,112,000 –929,551 –847,900 –847,900 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................. 26,890,811 26,827,501 26,124,803 –75,300 26,815,511 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES .............................................................................. 16,612 16,612 16,612 16,612 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ................................................................................... 486,531 486,531 48 6,531 486,531 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ......................................................................................... 105,446 105,44 6 105,446 105,446 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................... 516,791 516,791 516,791 5 16,791 
060 AVIATION ASSETS .................................................................................................... 87,587 8 7,587 87,587 87,587 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................ 348,601 348,601 348,601 348,6 01 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ...................................................................... 81,350 81,350 81,350 81, 350 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................... 59,574 59,574 91,974 32,4 00 91,974 
Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [32,400 ] [32,400 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................. 570,852 570,852 57 0,852 –13,000 557,852 
Unjustified program growth .......................................................................... [–13,000 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 245,686 259,286 245,686 13,600 259,286 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [13,600 ] [13,600 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................... 40,962 40,962 40,962 40,962 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 2,559,992 2,573,592 2,592,392 33,000 2,592,992 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................ 10,665 10,665 10,665 10,665 
140 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 18,390 1 8,390 18,390 18,390 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................... 14,976 14,976 14,976 1 4,976 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................... 8,841 8,841 8,841 8 ,841 
170 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 52,928 52,928 52,92 8 52,928 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00359 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6668 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 105,800 105,800 105,800 105,800 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
190 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –7,600 – 13,611 –12,600 –12,600 
Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–7,600 ] [–7,600 ] [–8,000 ]  
Streamlining of Army Reserve Management Headquarters .......................... [–6,011 ] [–4,600 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –7,600 –13,611 –12,600 –12,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ..................................... 2,665,792 2,671,792 2,684,581 20,400 2,686,192 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ................................................................................................... 709,433 1, 094,533 709,433 385,100 1,094,533 
Increased Operations Tempo to Meet Readiness Objectives ........................ [385,100 ] [385,100 ] 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES .............................................................................. 167,324 167,324 167,3 24 167,324 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ................................................................................... 741,327 741,327 74 1,327 741,327 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ......................................................................................... 88,775 88,775 96,475 7,700 96,475 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................. [7,700 ] [7,700 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................... 32,130 32,130 32,130 32,1 30 
060 AVIATION ASSETS .................................................................................................... 943,609 1,063,009 996,209 52,600 996,209 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................. [13,000 ] [13,000 ] C3 High Frequency Radio System Unfunded Requirement .......................... [5,600 ] Operational Support and Initial Entry Rotary Wing Training ....................... [69,900 ] Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [39,600 ] [39,600 ] Restoration of Flying Hours Unfunded Requirement .................................... [43,900 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................ 703,137 703,137 703,137 703,1 37 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ...................................................................... 84,066 84,066 84,066 84, 066 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................... 166,848 166,848 189,348 2 2,500 189,348 
Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [22,500 ] [22,500 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................. 1,022,970 1,022,97 0 1,022,970 –24,000 998,970 
Justification does not match summary of price and program changes ..... [–14,000 ] Unjustified growth ......................................................................................... [–10,000 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 673,680 708,880 673,680 35,200 708,880 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [35,200 ] [35,200 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................... 954,574 954,574 954,574 954,574 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 6,287,873 6,827,573 6,370,673 479,100 6,766,973 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................ 6,570 6,570 6,570 6,5 70 
140 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 59,629 5 9,219 59,379 100 59,729 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase ................................... [1,000 ] [1,000 ] NGB Heritage Painting Program ................................................................... [–1,410 ] [–900 ] Reduction to National Guard Heritage Paintings ......................................... [–250 ] 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................... 68,452 68,452 68,452 6 8,452 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................... 8,841 8,841 8,841 8 ,841 
170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT ................................................................................ 283,670 283,670 272, 170 –11,500 272,170 
Army Marketing Program unjustified program growth ................................. [–11,500 ] [–11,500 ] 
180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ................................................................................... 2,942 2,942 2,942 2,942 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 430,104 429,694 418,354 –11,400 418,704 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
200 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –25,300 –51,931 –46,200 –46,200 
Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–25,300 ] [–25,300 ] [–26,00 0 ] 
Streamlining of Army National Guard Management Headquarters .............. [–26,631 ] [–20,200 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –25,300 –51,931 –46,200 –46,200 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................. 6,717,977 7,231,967 6,737,096 421,500 7,139,477 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00360 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6669 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ............................................................ 3,300 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—CH–53 Contract Maintenance ................ [3,300 ] 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ........................................ 37,225 37,225 37,225 37,225 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT ................................................................ 2,800 
MV–22 Fleet Engineering Support Unfunded Requirement .......................... [2,800 ] 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... 376,844 390,74 4 390,744 13,900 390,744 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—AV–8B Program Related Logistics ......... [4,000 ] [4,000 ] Aviation Readiness Restoration—CH–53 Program Related Logisitics ........ [1,900 ] [1,900 ] Aviation Readiness Restoration—MV–22 Program Related Logisitics ........ [1,200 ] [1,200 ] MV–22 Fleet Engineering Support Unfunded Requirement .......................... [6,800 ] [6,800 ] Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [13,900 ] 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................ 897,536 914,536 897,5 36 15,000 912,536 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—AV–8B Depot Maintenance ..................... [11,200 ] Aviation Readiness Restoration—CH–53 Depot Maintenance ..................... [1,000 ] Aviation Readiness Restoration—F–18 Depot Maintenance ....................... [4,800 ] Program increase .......................................................................................... [15,000 ] 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ............................................................................................... 544,056 55 5,956 549,356 5,300 549,356 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—MV–22 Aviation Logisitics ...................... [5,300 ] [5,300 ] 
KC–130J Aviation Logistics Unfunded Requirement .................................... [6,600 ] Readiness funding increase ......................................................................... [5,300 ] 
140 ELECTRONIC WARFARE ........................................................................................... 96,916 96,916 96,916 96,916 
150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE .................................................................... 192,198 192,198 192,198 1 92,198 
160 WARFARE TACTICS .................................................................................................. 453,942 45 3,942 453,942 453,942 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ............................................. 351,871 351,871 351,871 351,871 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES .................................................................................... 1,186,847 1,186,84 7 1,186,847 –15,000 1,171,847 
Unjustified program growth .......................................................................... [–15,000 ] 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................... 123,948 123,948 1 23,948 123,948 
200 DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ................................................................................ 2,443 2,443 2,443 2 ,443 
210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS .................................................... 98,914 98,914 98,914 98,914 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ........................................ 73,110 73,110 67,627 73,110 
Streamlining of Navy Combatant Commanders Direct Mission Support ..... [–5,483 ] 
230 CRUISE MISSILE ..................................................................................................... 110,734 110,734 110,734 110,734 
240 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE ....................................................................................... 1,206,736 1,2 06,736 1,206,736 1,206,736 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................ 141,664 141,664 141,664 141,6 64 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................ 523,122 535,122 523,122 12,000 535,122 
Ship Self-Defense Systems Maintenance Backlog Reduction ...................... [12,000 ] [12,000 ] 
270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ...................................................................... 371,872 371,872 371,872 3 71,872 
280 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................... 896,061 896,061 896,061 896,061 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................. 2,220,423 2,245,723 2,220,423 25,300  2,245,723 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [25,300 ] [25,300 ] 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT .................................................................................... 4,472,468 4,472,4 68 4,486,468 4,472,468 
Funding increase for Behavioral Counseling ................................................ [14,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 14,378,930 14,465,130 14,406,647 56,500 14,435,430 
MOBILIZATION 
310 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE ........................................................................ 422,846 422,846 422,84 6 422,846 
320 AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ................................................................. 6,464 6,964 6,964 500 6, 964 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—F–18 Aircraft Activations/Inactivations .. [500 ] [500 ] [500 ] 
330 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................... 361,764 361,764 361, 764 361,764 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ........................................................ 69,530 69,530 69,530 69,530 350 INDUSTRIAL READINESS ......................................................................................... 2,237 2,237 2, 237 2,237 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 21,823 21,823 21 ,823 21,823 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION .............................................................................. 884,664 885,164 885,164 500 885,164 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
370 OFFICER ACQUISITION ............................................................................................ 149,375 149, 375 149,375 149,375 
380 RECRUIT TRAINING ................................................................................................. 9,035 9,03 5 9,035 9,035 
390 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ................................................................... 156,290 156,290 156,290 1 56,290 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................. 653,728 653,728 653,728 653,728 
410 FLIGHT TRAINING .................................................................................................... 8,171 8, 171 8,171 8,171 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00361 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6670 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
420 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ............................................................ 168,471 152,971 168,471 –6,00 0 162,471 
Civilian Institutions Graduate Education Program ....................................... [–16,500 ] [–6,000 ] Naval Sea Cadets ......................................................................................... [1,000 ] 
430 TRAINING SUPPORT ................................................................................................ 196,048 196 ,048 196,048 196,048 
440 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 234,233 234,733 234 ,233 1,000 235,233 
1–800 US Navy Call Center ..................................................................... [500 ] 
Naval Sea Cadet Corps ................................................................................. [1,000 ] 
450 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ................................................................ 137,855 137,855 137,855 137 ,855 
460 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ...................................................................... 77,257 77,257 77,257 7 7,257 
470 JUNIOR ROTC .......................................................................................................... 47,653  47,653 47,653 47,653 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ........................................................ 1,838,116 1,823,116 1,838,116 –5,000 1,833,116 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 923,771 914,771 923,771 923,771 
Navy Fleet Band National Tours ................................................................... [–5,000 ] Unjustified Growth External Relations .......................................................... [–3,500 ] Unjustified Growth Navy Call Center ............................................................ [–500 ] 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ............................................................................................ 13,967 10,467  13,967 13,967 
Navy External Relations ................................................................................ [–3,500 ] 
500 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT .......................................... 120,812 120,812 120,812 120,812 510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................... 350,983 350,983 350,983 –4,000 346,983 
Unjustified growth ......................................................................................... [–4,000 ] 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT ................................................................................ 265,948 260,948 265, 948 –5,000 260,948 
Navy Fleet Band National Tour ..................................................................... [–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
530 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................... 335,482 335,482 335,48 2 335,482 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................ 197,724 197,724 197,7 24 197,724 
570 PLANNING, ENGINEERING AND DESIGN .................................................................. 274,936 274,936 274,936 2 74,936 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT .......................................................... 1,122,178 1,122,178 1,122,178 1 ,122,178 
590 HULL, MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL SUPPORT .................................................... 48,587 48,587 48,587 48,587 600 COMBAT/WEAPONS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 25,599 25,599 25,599  25,599 
610 SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS ....................................................... 72,768 72,768 72,768 72,768 620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE .............................................................................. 577,803 577,803 57 7,803 577,803 
680 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND AGENCIES ................................................... 4,768 4,768 4,768 4,768 710 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................... 560,754 560,75 4 560,754 560,754 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 4,896,080 4,878,580 4,896,080 –9,000 4,887,080 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
720 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –892,100  –779,123 –856,200 –856,200 
Bulk fuel savings .......................................................................................... [–482,300 ] Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–591,400 ] [–610,000 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ...................................................................... [–87,000 ] [–87,000 ] [–87,00 0 ] 
Program decrease ......................................................................................... [–5,000 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction ............................................. [2,300 ] Streamlining of Navy Management Headquarters ........................................ [–209,823 ] [–159,200 ] Unobligated balances ................................................................................... [–211,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –892,100 –779,123 –856,200 –856,200 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................. 21,997,790 21,159,890 21,246,884 –813,200 21,184,590 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................. 227,583 227,5 83 227,583 227,583 
040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................... 86,259 86,259 86 ,259 86,259 
050 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................. 746,237 775,037 746,237 28,800 775 ,037 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [28,800 ] [28,800 ] 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT .................................................................................... 2,057,362 2,057,3 62 2,058,562 2,057,362 
Readiness funding increase for Criminal Investigative Equipment ............ [1,200 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 3,117,441 3,146,241 3,118,641 28,800 3,146,241 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00362 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6671 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
070 RECRUIT TRAINING ................................................................................................. 16,460 16, 460 16,460 16,460 
080 OFFICER ACQUISITION ............................................................................................ 977 977 977 977 
090 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................. 97,325 97,325 97 ,325 97,325 
100 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ............................................................ 40,786 40,786 40,786 40,786 120 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 164,806 164,806 164 ,806 164,806 
130 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ................................................................ 39,963 39,963 39,963 39,963  
140 JUNIOR ROTC .......................................................................................................... 23,397  23,397 23,397 23,397 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ........................................................ 383,714 383,714 383,714 383,714 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................ 37,386 37,386 37,386 37,386 
160 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 358,395 342,595 358,395 –6,700 351,695 
Unjustified Growth Marine Corps Heritage Center ....................................... [–15,800 ] [–6,700 ] 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT .......................................................... 76,105 76,105 76,105 76,105 200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................... 45,429 45,429 45,429 45,429 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 517,315 501,515 517,315 –6,700 510,615 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
210 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –94,200 –77,588 –87,700 –87,700 
Bulk fuel savings .......................................................................................... [–17,000 ] Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–24,600 ] [–25,000 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ...................................................................... [–28,000 ] [–28,000 ] [–28,00 0 ] 
Program decrease ......................................................................................... [–5,000 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction ............................................. [800 ] Streamlining of Marine Corps Management Headquarters .......................... [–32,588 ] [–24,700 ] Unobligated balances ................................................................................... [–37,400 ] Working Capital Fund carryover above allowable ceiling ............................ [–10,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –94,200 –77,588 –87,700 –87,700 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................. 4,018,470 3,937,270 3,942,082 –65,600 3,952,870 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ............................................................ 563,722 607,222 563,722 563, 722 
Reversing the disestablishment of HSC–84 and HSC–85 ........................... [43,500 ] 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................ 6,218 6,218 6,218 6 ,218 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................ 82,712 82,712 82,712 82,712 
040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................... 326 326 326 326 050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ............................................................................................... 13,436 13, 436 13,436 13,436 
070 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING .............................................................. 557 557 557 557 090 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................... 14,499 14,499 14,49 9 14,499 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES .................................................................................... 117,601 117,601 11 7,601 117,601 
120 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................... 29,382 29,382 29 ,382 29,382 
130 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................. 48,513 49,213 48,513 700 49,213 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [700 ] [700 ] 
140 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT .................................................................................... 102,858 102,858 1 02,858 102,858 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 979,824 1,024,024 979,824 700 980,524 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 1,505 1, 505 1,505 1,505 
160 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................... 13,782 13,782 13,782 13,782 170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................... 3,437 3,437 3,437 3,43 7 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT .......................................................... 3,210 3,210 3,210 3,210 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 21,934 21,934 21,934 21,934 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
210 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –39,700 –41,086 –42,100 –42,100 
Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–39,700 ] [–39,700 ] [–41,00 0 ] 
Streamlining of Navy Reserve Management Headquarters .......................... [–1,386 ] [–1,100 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –39,700 –41,086 –42,100 –42,100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00363 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6672 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ...................................... 1,001,758 1,006,258 960,672 –41,400 960,358 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................... 97,631 97,63 1 97,631 97,631 
020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................. 18,254 18,254  18,254 18,254 
030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................. 28,653 30,053 28,653 1,400 30,053 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [1,400 ] [1,400 ] 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT .................................................................................... 111,923 111,923 1 11,923 111,923 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 256,461 257,861 256,461 1,400 257,861 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
050 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................ 924 924 924 924 060 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 10,866 1 0,866 10,866 10,866 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 8,785 8,785 8,785 8 ,785 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 20,575 20,575 20,575 20,575 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
080 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –1,000 – 2,473 –2,100 –2,100 
Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–1,000 ] [–1,000 ] [–1,000 ]  
Streamlining of Marine Corps Reserve Management Headquarters ............ [–1,473 ] [–1,100 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –1,000 –2,473 –2,100 –2,100 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ................................. 277,036 277,436 274,563 –700 276,336 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES .................................................................................... 3,336,868 3,612,46 8 3,336,868 262,600 3,599,468 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration ............................................. [249,700 ] [235,300 ] A–10 to F–15E Training Transition .............................................................. [–1,400 ] EC–130H Force Structure Restoration .......................................................... [27,300 ] [27,300 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES ........................................................................... 1,897,315 1,935,015 1,8 97,315 17,700 1,915,015 
Increase Range Use Support Unfunded Requirement .................................. [37,700 ] [37,700 ] Unjustified growth ......................................................................................... [–20,000 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) .............................................. 1,797,549 1,719,349 1,757,249 – 107,200 1,690,349 
A–10 to F–15E Training Transition .............................................................. [–78,200 ] [–78,000 ] [–78,200 ]  
Readiness increase ....................................................................................... [37,700 ] Unjustified growth ......................................................................................... [–29,000 ] 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................. 6,537,127 6,5 37,127 6,537,127 –40,000 6,497,127 
Remove FY 15 contractor logistics support costs ........................................ [–40,000 ] 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 1,997,712 2,132,812 1,997,712 135,100 2,1 32,812 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [135,100 ] [135,100 ] 
060 BASE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... 2,841,94 8 2,841,948 2,841,948 2,841,948 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ........................................ 900,965 900,965 885,585 –11,000 889,965 
Streamlining of Air Force Combatant Commanders Direct Mission Support [–15,380 ] Unjustified growth ......................................................................................... [–11,000 ] 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS .................................................... 205,078 205,078 164,078 205,078 
Cutting Joint Enabling Capabilities Command ............................................ [–41,000 ] 
135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................... 893,272 893,27 2 910,072 893,272 
Increase One Program ................................................................................... [20,000 ] Unjustified increase ...................................................................................... [–3,200 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 20,407,834 20,778,034 20,327,954 257,200 20,665,034 
MOBILIZATION 
170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 259,956 259,956 259,956 259,956 180 BASE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... 708,799 708,799 708,799 708,799 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION .............................................................................. 968,755 968,755 968,755 968,755 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00364 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6673 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ............................................................................................ 92,191 92,19 1 92,191 92,191 
200 RECRUIT TRAINING ................................................................................................. 21,871 21, 871 21,871 21,871 
210 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ....................................................... 77,527 77,527 77,527 77,527 220 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 228,500 228,500 228,500 228,500 230 BASE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... 772,870 772,870 772,870 772,870 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................. 359,304 379,304 402,404 20,000 379,304 
Readiness increase for RPA training ............................................................ [43,100 ] Remotely Piloted Aircraft Flight Training Acceleration ................................. [20,000 ] [20,000 ] 
250 FLIGHT TRAINING .................................................................................................... 710,553 726,553 710,553 16,000 726,553 
Consolidation of Air Battle Manager Resources not properly documented [–4,000 ] Unmanned Aerial Surveillance (UAS) Training ............................................. [16,000 ] [20,000 ] 
260 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ............................................................ 228,252 227,322 228,252 228,2 52 
Air Force Civilian Graduate Education Program Unjustified Growth ........... [–930 ] 
270 TRAINING SUPPORT ................................................................................................ 76,464 76,4 64 76,464 76,464 
280 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................. 375,513 375,5 13 375,513 375,513 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 79,690 79,690 79,69 0 79,690 
300 EXAMINING .............................................................................................................. 3,80 3 3,803 3,803 3,803 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ................................................................ 180,807 180,807 180,807 180 ,807 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ...................................................................... 167,478 167,478 167,47 8 167,478 
330 JUNIOR ROTC .......................................................................................................... 59,263  59,263 59,263 59,263 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ........................................................ 3,434,086 3,469,156 3,477,186 36,000 3,470,086 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
350 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ........................................................................... 862,022 862,022 852, 022 –20,000 842,022 
Acquisition Management Adjustment ........................................................... [–10,000 ] Unjustified growth ......................................................................................... [–20,000 ] 
360 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................. 61,745 61,745  61,745 61,745 
370 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 298,759 298,759 298,759 298,759 380 BASE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... 1,108,22 0 1,108,220 1,096,220 1,108,220 
Reduce IT procurement ................................................................................. [–12,000 ] 
390 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 689,797 669,097 669,097 –8,000 681,797 
DEAMS reduction-Funding ahead of need .................................................... [–20,700 ] [–20,700 ] [–8,000 ] 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................... 498,053 498,053 498,05 3 498,053 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................... 900,253 900,253 900, 253 900,253 
420 CIVIL AIR PATROL ................................................................................................... 25,411 2 7,911 25,411 2,300 27,711 
Civil Air Patrol ............................................................................................... [2,500 ] [2,300 ] 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 89,148 89,148 8 9,148 89,148 
460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................... 1,187,859 1,18 7,859 1,182,959 1,187,859 
Unjustified increase ...................................................................................... [–4,900 ] SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 5,721,267 5,703,067 5,673,667 –25,700 5,695,567 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
470 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –1,067,6 00 –848,903 –1,006,500 –1,006,500 
Bulk fuel savings .......................................................................................... [–618,300 ] Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ....................... [235,300 ] Costs associated with preventing divestiture of EC–130 ............................ [27,300 ] Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–562,100 ] [–580,000 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ...................................................................... [–217,000 ] [–217,000 ] [–217 ,000 ] 
Program decrease ......................................................................................... [–5,000 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction ............................................. [2,900 ] Streamlining of Air Force Management Headquarters ................................. [–276,203 ] [–209,500 ] Unobligated balances ................................................................................... [–286,400 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –1,067,600 –848,903 –1,006,500 –1,006,500 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE .................................... 30,531,942 29,851,412 29,598,659 –739,000 29,792,942 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES .................................................................................... 1,779,378 1,781,87 8 1,779,378 2,500 1,781,878 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration ............................................. [2,500 ] [2,500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00365 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6674 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ............................................................................. 226,243 226,243 226, 243 –6,000 220,243 
Justification does not match summary of price and program changes for 
civilian pay ............................................................................................... [–6,000 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................. 487,036 487,0 36 487,036 487,036 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 109,342 109,642 109,342 300 109,642 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [300 ] [300 ] 
050 BASE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... 373,707 373,707 373,707 –3,000 370,707 
Air Force Support Standard Correction—transfer to SAG 11G not properly 
accounted ................................................................................................. [–3,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 2,975,706 2,978,506 2,975,706 –6,200 2,969,506 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 53,921 5 3,921 53,921 53,921 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 14,359 14,359 14,35 9 14,359 
080 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) .................................................... 13,665 13,665 13,665 13,665 090 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ........................................................... 6,606 6,606 6,606 6,606 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ....................... 88,551 88,551 88,551 88,551 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
110 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –101,000  –103,216 –107,500 –107,500 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ....................... [2,500 ] Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–101,000 ] [–101,100 ] [–104 ,000 ] 
Streamlining of Air Force Reserve Management Headquarters ................... [–4,616 ] [–3,500 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –101,000 –103,216 –107,500 –107,500 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE .................................. 3,064,257 2,966,057 2,961,041 –113,700 2,950,557 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................... 3,526,471 3,6 08,671 3,526,471 42,200 3,568,671 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration ............................................. [42,200 ] [42,200 ] Aircraft Support Equipment Shortfall Restoration ........................................ [40,000 ] 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ............................................................................. 740,779 740,779 743, 379 2,600 743,379 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................. [2,600 ] [2,600 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................. 1,763,859 1,7 63,859 1,763,859 1,763,859 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................... 288,786 307,586 288,786 18,800 307,586 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls .................................................................... [18,800 ] [18,800 ] 
050 BASE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... 582,037 582,037 582,037 582,037 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 6,901,932 7,002,932 6,904,532 63,600 6,965,532 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... 23,626 2 4,626 23,626 23,626 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase ................................... [1,000 ] 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................. 30,652 30,652 30,65 2 30,652 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ..................... 54,278 55,278 54,278 54,278 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
080 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –162,600  –123,415 –200,300 –200,300 
Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–162,600 ] [–162,600 ] [–168 ,000 ] 
Restore A–10 ................................................................................................. [42,200 ] Streamlining of Air National Guard Management Headquarters ................. [–3,015 ] [–2,300 ] Unjustified growth ......................................................................................... [–30,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –162,600 –123,415 –200,300 –200,300 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................... 6,956,210 6,895,610 6,835,395 –136,700 6,819,510 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF .......................................................................................... 485,888 485, 888 505,888 20,000 505,888 
Middle East Assurance Initiative .................................................................. [20,000 ] [20,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00366 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6675 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
020 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .............................................................. 534,795 534,795 530,795 534 ,795 
DOD Rewards reduction-funding ahead of need .......................................... [–4,000 ] 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES .......................................... 4,862,368 4,946,968 4,862,368 –21,200 4,841,168 
Global Inform and Influence Activities Increase .......................................... [15,000 ] Increased Support for Counterterrorism Operations ..................................... [25,000 ] Overestimation of civilian FTE ...................................................................... [–21,200 ] USSOCOM Combat Development Activities ................................................... [44,600 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .................................................................... 5,883,051 5,967,651 5,899,051 –1,200 5,881,851 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
040 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ....................................................................... 142,659 142,659 142,65 9 142,659 
050 NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY ............................................................................ 78,416 78,416 78,416  78,416 
060 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING .............................. 354,372 354,372 354,372 354,372 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ........................................................ 575,447 575,447 575,447 575,447 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
070 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................... 160,320 180,320 160,320 20,000 180,320 
STARBASE ...................................................................................................... [20,000 ] [20,000  ] 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY ...................................................................... 570,177 570,177 570,177 570,177 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................... 1,374,536 1,374,536 1,374,536 1, 374,536 
110 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ................................................................ 642,551 643,551 642,551 642 ,551 
Critical Language Training ........................................................................... [1,000 ] 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ............................................................ 1,282,755 1,292,755 1,292,755  10,000 1,292,755 
SHARKSEER ................................................................................................... [10,000 ] [10,000 ]  [10,000 ] 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY ...................................................................... 26,073 26,073 26,073 26, 073 
150 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................. 366,429 366,429 36 6,429 366,429 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ...................................................................................... 192,625 192,625  192,625 192,625 
180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................ 115,372 115,372 115,372 115,372 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY .......................................................... 524,723 524,723 517,723 –29,20 0 495,523 
Global Security Contingency Fund ................................................................ [–22,200 ] Reduction to Combating Terrorism Fellowship ............................................. [–7,000 ] [–7,000 ] 
200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................. 508,396 508,396 50 8,396 508,396 
230 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ............................................. 33,577 33,577 33,577 33,577 240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ................................................................. 415,696 415,696 415,696 415 ,696 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY .................................................. 2,753,771 2,753,771 2,784,021 30, 250 2,784,021 
Impact Aid ..................................................................................................... [30,000 ] [30,00 0 ] 
School lunches for territories ........................................................................ [250 ] [250 ] 
270 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................... 432,068 432,068 432,068 432,068 
290 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT ...................................................................... 110,612 135,612 57,512 1 10,612 
Congestion mitigation in urban areas related to 2005 BRAC ..................... [25,000 ] Defense industry adjustment ........................................................................ [–33,100 ] Guam outside the fence infastructure ......................................................... [–20,000 ] 
295 OFFICE OF NET ASSESSMENT ................................................................................. 9,092 
Transfer from line 300 .................................................................................. [9,092 ] 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .............................................................. 1,388,285 1,361,693 1,378,7 85 5,250 1,393,535 
Commission to Assess the Threat to the U.S. from Electromagnetic Pulse 
Attack ........................................................................................................ [2,000 ] [2,000 ]  
OSD fleet architecture study ......................................................................... [1,000 ] [1,000 ] OUSD (Policy) unjustified growth .................................................................. [–2,000 ] OUSD AT&L Congressional Mandate (BRAC Support) .................................. [–10,500 ] [–10,500 ] [–10,500 ] Program decrease ......................................................................................... [–24,000 ] Readiness environmental protection initiative—program increase ............. [15,000 ] [14,750 ] Transfer funding for Office of Net Assessment to line 295 ........................ [–9,092 ] 
310 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ........................ 83,263 83,263 83,263 83,263 320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ............................................................... 621,688 621,688 621,688 621, 688 
330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................... 14,379,428 14, 384,428 14,379,428 14,379,428 
Program increase .......................................................................................... [5,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ....................... 25,982,345 26,025,845 25,952,995 36,300 26,018,645 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00367 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6676 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
340 UNDISTRIBUTED ...................................................................................................... –499,700  –1,011,952 –791,300 –791,300 
Bulk fuel savings .......................................................................................... [–36,000 ] Excessive standard price for fuel ................................................................. [–29,700 ] [–37,000 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ...................................................................... [–78,400 ] [–78,400 ] [–78,40 0 ] 
Program decrease ......................................................................................... [–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction ............................................. [2,700 ] Streamlining of Department of Defense Management Headquarters .......... [–897,552 ] [–670,900 ] Unobligated balances ................................................................................... [–389,300 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED ........................................................................... –499,700 –1,011,952 –791,300 –791,300 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................. 32,440,843 32,069,243 31,415,541 –756,200 31,684,643 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ............................... 14,078 14,078 14,078 14,078 020 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ........................................... 100,266 100,266 100,266 100,266 030 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ........................................................................ 358,496 358,496 358,496  358,496 
040 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ...................................................................................... 84,140 84,140 84, 140 84,140 
050 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY .................................................................. 234,829 234,829 234,829 23 4,829 
060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ................................................................... 292,453 292,453 292,453 2 92,453 
070 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE .......................................................... 368,131 368,131 368,131 368,1 31 
080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ............................................................. 8,232 8,232 8,232 8,232 090 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ....................................... 203,717 203,717 203,717 203,717 
SUBTOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................ 1,664,342 1,664,342 1,664,342 1,664,342 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS .............................................. 1,664,342 1,664,342 1,664,342 1,664,342 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................ 138,227,228 136,558,778 134,445,659 –2,299,900 135,927,328 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ......................................................................................................... 257, 900 257,900 257,900 257,900 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ............................................................................................... 1,110,83 6 1,110,836 1,110,836 1,110,836 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... 261,943 261,943 261, 943 261,943 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ......................................................................................................... 22, 160 22,160 22,160 22,160 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................. 1,119,201 1,119,201 1,1 19,201 1,119,201 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ........................................................................... 117,881 117,881 117 ,881 117,881 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 50,000 50,000  50,000 50,000 
140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ 4,500, 666 4,526,466 4,500,666 25,800 4,526,466 
Army expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program ................................ [25,800 ] [25,800 ] 
150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ..................................................... 10,000 5,000 10,000 –5,000 5,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................... [–5,000 ] [–5,00 0 ] 
160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ..... 1,834,777 1,834,777 1,834,777 1,834,777 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .................................................. 100,000 100,000 100,000 
AFRICOM Intelligence, Surveilance, and Reconnissance .................................... [100,000 ] [100,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 9,285,364 9,406,164 9,285,364 120,800 9,406,164 
MOBILIZATION 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................... 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ................................................................................... 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION .................................................................................. 529,891 529,891  529,891 529,891 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... 5,033 5,033 5 ,033 5,033 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00368 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.136 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6677 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT ...................................................................................... 100,480 100,48 0 100,480 100,480 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................ 154,350 154,3 50 154,350 154,350 
530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................ 1,267,63 2 1,267,632 1,267,632 1,267,632 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 2,057,386 2,057,386 2,057,386 2,057,386 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY .................................................. 11,382,750 11,503,550 11,382,750 120,800 11,503,550 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ......................................................................................... 2,442 2,442 2,442 2,442 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... 813 813 813 813 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................. 779 779 779 779 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 20,525 20,525  20,525 20,525 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 24,559 24,559 24,559 24,559 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES .......................................... 24,559 24,559 24,559 24,559 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ......................................................................................................... 1,98 4 1,984 1,984 1,984 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ......................................................................................... 4,671 4,671 4,671 4,671 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ......................................................................................................... 15, 980 15,980 15,980 15,980 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................. 12,867 12,867 12,867 12 ,867 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 23,134 23,134  23,134 23,134 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ..................................................... 1,426 1,426 1,426 1,426 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 60,062 60,062 60,062 60,062 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................. 783 783 783 783 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 783 783 783 783 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ................................................... 60,845 60,845 60,845 60,845 
AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
MINISTRY OF DEFENSE 
010 SUSTAINMENT ............................................................................................................... 2 ,214,899 2,552,642 2,214,899 2,214,899 
Support for ANSF end strength .......................................................................... [337,743 ] 
030 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................. 182,751 182,751 18 2,751 182,751 
040 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS ......................................................................................... 281,555 281 ,555 281,555 281,555 
SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF DEFENSE ..................................................................... 2,679,205 3,016,948 2,679,205 2,679,205 
MINISTRY OF INTERIOR 
060 SUSTAINMENT ............................................................................................................... 9 01,137 901,137 901,137 901,137 
080 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................. 116,573 116,573 11 6,573 116,573 
090 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS ......................................................................................... 65,342 65,3 42 65,342 65,342 
SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF INTERIOR .................................................................... 1,083,052 1,083,052 1,083,052 1,083,052 
TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ............................................. 3,762,257 4,100,000 3,762,257 3,762,257 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ...................................................................................... 715,000 715, 000 715,000 715,000 
SUBTOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .......................................................... 715,000 715,000 715,000 715,000 
TOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ............................................................ 715,000 715,000 715,000 715,000 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................... 600,000 531,4 50 600,000 –68,550 531,450 
Realignment to Air Force .................................................................................... [–42,750 ] [–42,750  ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00369 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.137 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6678 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Realignment to Army .......................................................................................... [–25,800 ] [–25,80 0 ] 
SUBTOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ........................................................ 600,000 531,450 600,000 –68,550 531,450 
TOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .......................................................... 600,000 531,450 600,000 –68,550 531,450 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS .................................................................. 358,417 358,417 361,71 7 3,300 361,717 
Readiness funding increase ............................................................................... [3,300 ] [3,300 ] 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES .............................................. 110 110 110 110 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT ..................................................................... 4,513 4,513 4,513 4,5 13 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ................................................................................................ 126,501 126,501 126,501 126,501 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE .................................................................................. 75,897 75,897 9 2,897 17,000 92,897 
Readiness funding increase ............................................................................... [17,000 ] [17,000 ] 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ..................................................................... 2,770 2,770 2,770 2,7 70 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ..................................................................................................... 34,1 01 34,101 34,101 34,101 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS ...................................................................... 1,184,878 1,184,878 1,184,878 1,184,878 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING .................................................................... 16,663 16,663 16,663 16,663 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................... 1,922,829 1 ,922,829 1,922,829 1,922,829 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ......................................................................................... 33,577 33,577  33,577 33,577 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ....................................................................................................... 26,45 4 26,454 26,454 26,454 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................... 22,305 22,305 22,305 22,305 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES .......................................................................................... 513,969 513, 969 513,969 513,969 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................... 10,007 10,0 07 10,007 10,007 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT .................................................................. 60,865 60,865 60,865 60 ,865 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. 275,231 27 5,231 275,231 275,231 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................... 7,819 7,819 7,819 7,819 300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ......................................................................................... 61,422 61,42 2 61,422 61,422 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 4,738,328 4,738,328 4,758,628 20,300 4,758,628 
MOBILIZATION 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS .............................................................. 5,307 5,307 5,307 5,307 360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT .............................................................................................. 160,002 16 0,002 160,002 160,002 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ................................................................................... 165,309 165,309 165,309 165,309 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ...................................................................................... 44,845 44,8 45 44,845 44,845 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .............................................................. 44,845 44,845 44,845 44,845 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................................... 2,5 13 2,513 2,513 2,513 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS .................................................................................................. 500 500  500 500 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................... 5,309 5,309 5,309 5,309 520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT ...................................................................................... 1,469 1,469 1, 469 1,469 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION .................................................................................. 156,671 156,671  156,671 156,671 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ................................................................ 8,834 8,834 8,834 8,834 620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................... 1,490 1,490 1 ,490 1,490 
710 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................ 6,320 6, 320 6,320 6,320 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 183,106 183,106 183,106 183,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ................................................... 5,131,588 5,131,588 5,151,888 20,300 5,151,888 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ................................................................................................. 353,133 353,133 353,133 353,133 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS .......................................................................................................... 25 9,676 259,676 259,676 259,676 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 240,000  240,000 240,000 240,000 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ......................................................................................... 16,026 16,02 6 16,026 16,026 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 868,835 868,835 868,835 868,835 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00370 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.137 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6679 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... 37,86 2 37,862 37,862 37,862 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .............................................................. 37,862 37,862 37,862 37,862 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION .................................................................................. 43,767 43,767 4 3,767 43,767 
200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................ 2,070 2, 070 2,070 2,070 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 45,837 45,837 45,837 45,837 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS .................................. 952,534 952,534 952,534 952,534 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS .................................................................. 4,033 4,033 4,033 4,03 3 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................... 60 60 60 60 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE .................................................................................. 20,300 20,300 2 0,300 20,300 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES .......................................................................................... 7,250 7,250 7,250 7,250 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 31,643 31,643 31,643 31,643 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ........................................... 31,643 31,643 31,643 31,643 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ..................................................................................................... 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ......................................................................................... 955 955 955 955 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 3,455 3,455 3,455 3,455 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ...................................... 3,455 3,455 3,455 3,455 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES .......................................................................................... 1,505,738 1, 548,488 1,502,238 42,750 1,548,488 
Air Force expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program ......................... [42,750 ] [42,750 ] Retain Current A–10 Fleet .................................................................................. [–1,400 ] Unjustified Increase ............................................................................................ [–2,100 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES ................................................................................ 914,973 914,973 90 5,273 4,300 919,273 
Readiness funding increase ............................................................................... [4,300 ] [4,300 ] Unjustified Increase ............................................................................................ [–14,000 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ................................................... 31,978 31,978 31,978 31,97 8 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 1,192,7 65 1,192,765 1,192,765 1,192,765 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ..................................... 85,625 85,625 85,625 85,625 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................. 91 7,269 917,269 917,269 917,269 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING .............................................................................. 30,219 30,219 30, 219 30,219 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS ......................................................................... 174,734 174,734 174,7 34 174,734 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES ...................................................................................................... 869 869 869 869 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... 5,008 5,008 5,008 5,008 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .............................................. 100,190 716,690 100,190 100,190 
Assistance for the border security of Jordan ..................................................... [300,000 ] Jordanian Military Capability Enhancement ....................................................... [300,000 ] Support to Jordanian Training and Operations .................................................. [16,500 ] 
135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................ 22,893 2 2,893 22,893 22,893 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 4,982,261 5,641,511 4,969,061 47,050 5,029,311 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... 2,995 ,703 2,995,703 2,995,703 2,995,703 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................... 108,163 108,16 3 108,163 108,163 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 511,059  511,059 511,059 511,059 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................. 4, 642 4,642 4,642 4,642 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ................................................................................... 3,619,567 3,619,567 3,619,567 3,619,567 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00371 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.137 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6680 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION .................................................................................................. 92 92 92 92 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ...................................................................................... 11,986 11,9 86 11,986 11,986 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .............................................................. 12,078 12,078 12,078 12,078 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ............................................................................................... 86,716 8 6,716 86,716 86,716 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................. 3, 836 3,836 3,836 3,836 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................. 165,348 165,348 165,348 165,348 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................. 204,683 204,68 3 141,683 –63,000 141,683 
Reduction to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq ................................... [–63,000 ] [–63,000 ] 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ............................................................................................ 61 61 61 6 1 
460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................ 15,463 1 5,463 15,463 15,463 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 476,107 476,107 413,107 –63,000 413,107 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ......................................... 9,090,013 9,749,263 9,013,813 –15,950 9,074,063 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 51,086 51,086 51,086 51,086 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................. 7, 020 7,020 7,020 7,020 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 58,106 58,106 58,106 58,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ....................................... 58,106 58,106 58,106 58,106 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS .................................................................................. 19,900 19,900 1 9,900 19,900 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 19,900 19,900 19,900 19,900 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ..................................................... 19,900 19,900 19,900 19,900 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ............................................................................................... 9,900 9 ,900 9,900 9,900 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................ 2,345,835 2,424,835 2,345,835 2, 345,835 
Classified adjustment ......................................................................................... [64,000 ] Global Inform and Influence Activities Increase ................................................ [15,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 2,355,735 2,434,735 2,355,735 2,355,735 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY ........................................................................... 18,474 18,474 18,47 4 18,474 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ................................................................. 29,579 29,579 29,579 29, 579 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY ............................................................................ 110,000 110,000 11 0,000 110,000 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ............................................................................................ 5,960 5,9 60 5,960 5,960 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ................................................................ 1,677,000 1,677,000 1,57 7,000 –100,000 1,577,000 
Reduction from Coalition Support Funds ........................................................... [–100,000 ] [–100,000 ] 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ........................................................ 73,000 73,000 73,000 73,000  
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .................................................................... 106,709 321,709 106,7 09 106,709 
U.S. Special Operations Command inform and influence activities ................. [15,000 ] Ukraine Train & Equip ........................................................................................ [200,000 ] 
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES .................................................................... 2,102 2,102 2,102 2,102  
330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................ 1,427,07 4 1,427,074 1,427,074 1,427,074 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................ 3,449,898 3,664,898 3,349,898 –100,000 3,349,898 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................... 5,805,633 6,099,633 5,705,633 –100,000 5,705,633 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE .............................................................. 37,638,283 38,981,526 37,482,383 –43,400 37,594,883 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00372 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.137 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6681 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE .............................................................. 508,008 508,008 508,008 508,008 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS .................................................................... 763,300 763,300 763,300 763,300 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................... 1,054,322 1,054,322 1,054,322 1,054,322 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................... 1,546,129 1,546,129 1,546,129  1,546,129 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ....................................... 3,158,606 3,158,606 3,158,606 3,158,606 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ................................................. 438,909 438,909 438,909 438,909 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................... 7,469,274 7,469,274 7,469,274 7,469,274 
MOBILIZATION 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS ......................................................... 261,683 261,683 261,683 261,683 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ......................................................... 261,683 261,683 261,683 261,683 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ........................................................ 485,778 485,778 485,778 485,778 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................. 485,778 485,778 485,778 485,778 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................ 8,216,735 8,216,735 8,216,735 8,216,735 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................ 4,940,365 4,940,365 4,940,365 4,940,365 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING .......................................................................... 1,830,611 1,830,611 1,830,611 1 ,830,611 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT ........................................... 103,456 103,456 103,456 103,456 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................... 33,201 33,201 33,201 33,201 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS ........................................... 4,287,658 4,287,658 4,287,658 4,287,658 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING .......................................... 787,446 787,446 787,446 787,446 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............................................................... 5,960,951 5,960,951 5,960,951 5,960,95 1 
120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................. 1,554,863 1,554,863 1,554,863 1,554,863 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................... 704,415 704,415 704,415 704,415 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................... 20,202,966 20,202,966 20,202,966 20,202,966 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ......................... 20,202,966 20,202,966 20,202,966 20,202,966 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ....................................................................... 931,079 931,079 931,079 931,079 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ................................................................................ 931,757 931,757 931,757 931, 757 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................... 1,862,836 1,862,836 1,862,836 1,862,836 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ............................................................................ 347,476 347,476 347,476 347,476  
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................... 347,476 347,476 347,476 347,476 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ........ 2,210,312 2,210,312 2,210,312 2,210,312 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING .................................................... 930,341 930,341 930,341 930,341 080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS ............................................... 924,845 924,845 924,845 924,845 100 LAUNCH FACILITIES ............................................................................ 271,177 271,177 271,177 271,17 7 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................ 382,824 382,824 382,824 382,824 135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ..................................................................... 14,224 14,224 14,224 14,224 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................... 2,523,411 2,523,411 2,523,411 2,523,411 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 2,229,196 2,229,196 2,229,196 2 ,229,196 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .......................................................... 148,318 148,318 148,318 148,318 160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ........................................................................ 1,617,571 1,617,571 1,617,571 1,61 7,571 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00373 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.137 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6682 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ......................................................... 3,995,085 3,995,085 3,995,085 3,995,085 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ..................................................................... 1,141,491 1,141,491 1,141,491 1,14 1,491 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................. 1,141,491 1,141,491 1,141,491 1,141,491 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............... 7,659,987 7,659,987 7,659,987 7,659,987 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ................................... 38,290,000 38,290,000 38,290,000 38,290,000 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations .................................................................................... 130,491,227 –291,492 –1,335,000 –1,022,339 129,468,888 
A–10 restoration: Military Personnel .................................................................................. [132,069 ] [132,000 ] 
Additional support for the National Guard’s Operation Phalanx ....................................... [21,700 ] [21,700 ] Basic Housing Allowance .................................................................................................... [400 ,000 ] [300,000 ] 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ................................................................................ [19,639 ] [1 8,200 ] 
Financial Literacy Training ................................................................................................. [85 ,000 ] [85,000 ] [85,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ............................................................................................ [–480,5 00 ] [–384,500 ] [–480,500 ] 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase ......................................................... [5,000 ] [4,300 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction ................................................................... [12,000 ] Projected understrength ...................................................................................................... [– 115,839 ] 
Reduction for anticipated cost of TRICARE consolidation ................................................. [–85,000 ] Reversing the disestablishment of HSC–84 and HSC–85 ................................................. [30,700 ] TRICARE program improvement initiatives ........................................................................ [15,000 ] Unobligated balances ......................................................................................................... [– 495,400 ] [–987,200 ] [–987,200 ] 
Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Fund Contributions ..................................................... 6,243,449 6,243,449 
Total, Military Personnel ................................................................................................... 136,734,676 –291,492 –1,335,000 –1,022,339 135,712,337 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ....................................................................................... 3,204,7 58 3,204,758 
Total, Military Personnel Appropriations .......................................................................... 3,204,758 3,204,758 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 
INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ........................................................................................... 50,432 55,432 50,432 50,432 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ................................. [5,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ................................................. 50,432 55,432 50,432 50,432 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00374 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.137 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6683 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS .................................................................................................. 5,000 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ................................. [5,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY ................................................. 5,000 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS .................................................................................................. 62,898 67,898 62,898 62,898 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ................................. [5,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ........................................ 62,898 67,898 62,898 62,898 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) .................................................................................... 45,084 45,084  45,084 45,084 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................. 45,084 45,084 45,084 45,084 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 
COMMISSARY RESALE STOCKS COMMISSARY OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. 1,154,154  1,476,154 1,154,154 281,200 1,435,354 
Restoration of Proposed Efficiencies .............................................................. [183,000 ] [142,200 ] Restoration of Savings from Legislative Proposals ........................................ [139,000 ] [139,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ................................................. 1,154,154 1,476,154 1,154,154 281,200 1,435,354 
NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND 
MPF MLP POST DELIVERY AND OUTFITTING ........................................................................................ 15,456 689, 646 15,456 15,456 
Transfer from SCN—TAO(X) ............................................................................ [674,190 ] 
NATIONAL DEF SEALIFT VESSEL 
LG MED SPD RO/RO MAINTENANCE .................................................................................... 124,493 124,493  124,493 124,493 
DOD MOBILIZATION ALTERATIONS ....................................................................................... 8,243 8,243 8,243 8,243 
TAH MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................................. 27 ,784 27,784 27,784 27,784 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................................... 25,197 25,197  25,197 25,197 
READY RESERVE FORCE ..................................................................................................... 272,991  272,991 272,991 272,991 
TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ............................................ 474,164 1,148,354 474,164 474,164 
NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND 
DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................................... . 971,393 
Transfer from RDTE, Navy, line 050 ............................................................... [971,393 ] 
PROPULSION ..................................................................................................................... ... 419,300 
Transfer from RDTE, Navy, line 045 ............................................................... [419,300 ] 
TOTAL NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND ................................. 1,390,693 
CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. 139,098 13 9,098 139,098 139,098 
RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ....... 579,342 579,342 579,342 579,342 
PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... 2,281 2,281 2,281 2,281 
TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION .............................. 720,721 720,721 720,721 720,721 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ..................................... 739,009 789,009 761,009 22,000 761,0 09 
SOUTHCOM Operational Support for Central America .................................... [50,000 ] [30,000 ] [30,000 ] Transfer to Demand Reduction Program ........................................................ [–8,000 ] [–8,000 ] 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ............................................................................... 111,589 111,589 119 ,589 8,000 119,589 
Expanded drug testing .................................................................................... [8,000 ] [8,000 ] 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ................. 850,598 900,598 880,598 30,000 880,598 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................... 310,459 310, 459 310,459 310,459 
RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ....... 4,700 4,700 2,100 –2,600 2,100 
Funding ahead of need ................................................................................... [–2,600 ] [–2,600 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00375 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.138 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6684 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... 1,000 –1,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................ [–1,000 ] [–1,000 ]  [–1,000 ] 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ........................................ 316,159 315,159 312,559 –3,600 312,559 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. 9,082,298 9,082,298 9,082,298 –119,372 8,962,926 
Consolidated health plan unauthorized .......................................................... [–29,719 ] Pharmacy benefit reform unauthorized ........................................................... [–30,528 ] Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ........................................... [–59,125 ] 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ....................................................................................................... 14,89 2,683 14,896,683 14,892,683 –5,753 14,886,930 
Access to TRICARE Prime for certain beneficiaties ........................................ [4,000 ] [4,000 ] TRICARE consolidation not authorized ............................................................ [–9,753 ] 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT ...................................................................................... 2,415,658 2,41 5,658 2,405,368 –115,494 2,300,164 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria 
(CARB) project .............................................................................................. [–10,290 ] 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ........................................... [–115,494 ] 
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................... 1,677,827 1,677,827 1,677,827 –23,013 1,654,814 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ........................................... [–23,013 ] 
MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................... 327,96 7 327,967 327,967 –2,059 325,908 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increases ........................................... [–2,059 ] 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING .................................................................................................. 750,614  750,614 750,614 750,614 
BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................ 1,742,893 1,742,8 93 1,742,893 –1,203 1,741,690 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 increase ............................................ [–1,203 ] 
RESEARCH ....................................................................................................................... .... 10,996 10,996 10,996 10,996 
EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 59,473 59, 473 56,323 59,473 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria 
(CARB) project .............................................................................................. [–3,150 ] 
ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. 231,356 2 31,356 228,256 231,356 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria 
(CARB) project .............................................................................................. [–3,100 ] 
DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION .............................................................................................. 103,443 1 03,443 103,443 103,443 
ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................. 515,910 51 5,910 515,910 515,910 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT .............................................................................................. 41,567 41,5 67 41,567 41,567 
CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT .............................................................................................. 17,356 17 ,356 17,356 17,356 
UNDISTRIBUTED INITIAL OUTFITTING ............................................................................................................. . 33,392 33,392 33,392 33,392 
REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... 330,504 330,504  330,504 330,504 
THEATER MEDICAL INFORMATION PROGRAM ...................................................................... 1,494 1,494 1,494 1,49 4 
IEHR ........................................................................................................................... .......... 7,897 7,897 7,897 7,897 
UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. . –508,000 –36,400 –433,300 –433,300 
Foreign Currency adjustments ........................................................................ [–54,700 ] [–36,400 ] [–54, 700 ] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................... [–453,300 ] [–378,600  ] 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ....................................................... 32,243,328 31,739,328 32,190,388 –700,194 31,543,134 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ............................................................. 35,917,538 37,864,421 35,890,998 –392,594 35,524,944 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS TRANSPORTATION OF FALLEN HEROES ............................................................................... 2,500 2,500 2,500  2,500 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ........................................ 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00376 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.138 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6685 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) .................................................................................... 86,350 86,350  86,350 86,350 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................. 86,350 86,350 86,350 86,350 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ..................................... 186,000 186,000 186,000 186,000 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ................. 186,000 186,000 186,000 186,000 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................... 10,262 10,26 2 10,262 10,262 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ........................................ 10,262 10,262 10,262 10,262 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. 65,149 65,149 65,149 65,149 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ....................................................................................................... 192,2 10 192,210 192,210 192,210 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT ...................................................................................... 9,460 9,460 9, 460 9,460 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING .................................................................................................. 5,885 5 ,885 5,885 5,885 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ....................................................... 272,704 272,704 272,704 272,704 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE ........................................................................................ 300,000 300, 000 300,000 
Provides assistance to Ukraine ....................................................................... [300,000 ] [300,000 ] 
TOTAL UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE ................................................ 300,000 300,000 300,000 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ....................................................................... 2,100,000 1,000,000 –1 ,100,000 1,000,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................ [–2,100,000 ] [–1,1 00,000 ] [–1,100,000 ] 
TOTAL COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND .............................. 2,100,000 1,000,000 –1,100,000 1,000,000 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ............................................................. 2,657,816 557,816 1,857,816 –800,000 1,857,816 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Army ALASKA Fort Greely PHYSICAL READINESS TRAINING FACILITY 7,800 7,800 7,800 7,800 
Army CALIFORNIA Concord PIER 98,000 98,000 98,000 98,000 Army COLORADO Fort Carson, Colorado ROTARY WING TAXIWAY 5,800 5,800 5,800 5,800 Army CUBA Guantanamo Bay UNACCOMPANIED PERSONNEL HOUSING 0 0 76,000 0 Army GEORGIA Fort Gordon COMMAND AND CONTROL FACILITY 90,000 90,000 90,000 90,000 Army GERMANY Grafenwoehr VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 51,000 51,000 51,000 51,000 Army MARYLAND Fort Meade ACCESS CONTROL POINT—MAPES ROAD 0 0 15,000 15,000 15,000 Army MARYLAND Fort Meade ACCESS CONTROL POINT—REECE ROAD 0 0 19,500 19,500 19,500 Army NEW YORK Fort Drum NCO ACADEMY COMPLEX 19,000 19,000 19,000 19,000 Army NEW YORK U.S. Military Academy WASTE WATER TREATMENT PLANT 70,000 70,000 70,000 70,000 Army OKLAHOMA Fort Sill RECEPTION BARRACKS COMPLEX PH2 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 Army OKLAHOMA Fort Sill TRAINING SUPPORT FACILITY 13,400 13,400 13,400 13,400 Army TEXAS Corpus Christi POWERTRAIN FACILITY (INFRASTRUCTURE/ 
METAL) 85,000 85,000 85,000 85,000 
Army TEXAS Joint Base San Antonio HOMELAND DEFENSE OPERATIONS CENTER 43,000 0 0 –43,000 0 
Army VIRGINIA Arlington National 
Cemetery ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY SOUTHERN 
EXPANSION (DAR) 0 30,000 0 30,000 30,000 
Army VIRGINIA Fort Lee TRAINING SUPPORT FACILITY 33,000 33,000 33,000 33,000 
Army VIRGINIA Joint Base Myer-Hen-
derson INSTRUCTION BUILDING 37,000 0 0 –37,000 0 
Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations HOST NATION SUPPORT 36,000 36,000 36,000 36,000 
Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MINOR CONSTRUCTION 25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00377 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.138 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6686 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 73,245 73,245 73,245 73,245 
Military Construction, Army Total ..................................................................................................................... 743,245 693,245 773,745 –15,500 727,745 
Navy ARIZONA Yuma AIRCRAFT MAINT. FACILITIES & APRON (SO. 
CALA) 50,635 50,635 50,635 50,635 
Navy BAHRAIN ISLAND SW Asia MINA SALMAN PIER REPLACEMENT 37,700 0 37,700 37,700 
Navy BAHRAIN ISLAND SW Asia SHIP MAINTENANCE SUPPORT FACILITY 52,091 0 52,091 52,091 Navy CALIFORNIA Camp Pendleton PENDLETON OPS CENTER 0 0 25,000 0 Navy CALIFORNIA Camp Pendleton RAW WATER PIPELINE PENDLETON TO 
FALLBROOK 44,540 44,540 0 44,540 
Navy CALIFORNIA Coronado COASTAL CAMPUS UTILITIES 4,856 4,856 4,856 4,856 
Navy CALIFORNIA Lemoore F–35C HANGAR MODERNIZATION AND ADDITION 56,497 56,497 56,497 56,497 Navy CALIFORNIA Lemoore F–35C TRAINING FACILITIES 8,187 8,187 8,187 8,187 Navy CALIFORNIA Lemoore RTO AND MISSION DEBRIEF FACILITY 7,146 7,146 7,146 7,146 Navy CALIFORNIA Miramar KC–130J ENLISTED AIR CREW TRAINER 0 0 11,200 11,200 11,200 Navy CALIFORNIA Point Mugu E–2C/D HANGAR ADDITIONS AND RENOVATIONS 19,453 19,453 19,453 19,453 
Navy CALIFORNIA Point Mugu TRITON AVIONICS AND FUEL SYSTEMS TRAINER 2,974 2,974 2,974 2,974 Navy CALIFORNIA San Diego LCS SUPPORT FACILITY 37,366 37,366 37,366 37,366 Navy CALIFORNIA Twentynine Palms MICROGRID EXPANSION 9,160 9,160 9,160 9,160 Navy FLORIDA Jacksonville FLEET SUPPORT FACILITY ADDITION 8,455 8,455 8,455 8,455 Navy FLORIDA Jacksonville TRITON MISSION CONTROL FACILITY 8,296 8,296 8,296 8,296 Navy FLORIDA Mayport LCS MISSION MODULE READINESS CENTER 16,159 16,159 16,159 16,159 Navy FLORIDA Pensacola A-SCHOOL UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING (CORRY 
STATION) 18,347 18,347 18,347 18,347 
Navy FLORIDA Whiting Field T–6B JPATS TRAINING OPERATIONS FACILITY 10,421 10,421 10,421 10,421 
Navy GEORGIA Albany GROUND SOURCE HEAT PUMPS 7,851 7,851 7,851 7,851 Navy GEORGIA Kings Bay INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEM INFRASTRUC-
TURE 8,099 8,099 8,099 8,099 
Navy GEORGIA Townsend TOWNSEND BOMBING RANGE EXPANSION 
PHASE 2 48,279 48,279 43,279 –5,000 43,279 
Navy GUAM Joint Region Marianas LIVE-FIRE TRAINING RANGE COMPLEX (NW 
FIELD) 125,677 125,677 125,677 125,677 
Navy GUAM Joint Region Marianas MUNICIPAL SOLID WASTE LANDFILL CLOSURE 10,777 10,777 10,777 10,777 
Navy GUAM Joint Region Marianas SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM RECAPITALIZATION 45,314 45,314 45,314 45,314 Navy HAWAII Barking Sands PMRF POWER GRID CONSOLIDATION 30,623 30,623 30,623 30,623 Navy HAWAII Joint Base Pearl Har-
bor-Hickam UEM INTERCONNECT STA C TO HICKAM 6,335 6,335 6,335 6,335 
Navy HAWAII Joint Base Pearl Har-
bor-Hickam WELDING SCHOOL SHOP CONSOLIDATION 8,546 8,546 8,546 8,546 
Navy HAWAII Kaneohe Bay AIRFIELD LIGHTING MODERNIZATION 26,097 26,097 26,097 26,097 
Navy HAWAII Kaneohe Bay BACHELOR ENLISTED QUARTERS 68,092 68,092 68,092 68,092 Navy HAWAII Kaneohe Bay P–8A DETACHMENT SUPPORT FACILITIES 12,429 12,429 12,429 12,429 Navy HAWAII MCB Hawaii LHD PAD CONVERSIONS MV–22 LANDING PADS 0 0 12,800 0 Navy ITALY Sigonella P–8A HANGAR AND FLEET SUPPORT FACILITY 62,302 0 62,302 62,302 Navy ITALY Sigonella TRITON HANGAR AND OPERATION FACILITY 40,641 0 40,641 40,641 Navy JAPAN Camp Butler MILITARY WORKING DOG FACILITIES (CAMP 
HANSEN) 11,697 11,697 11,697 11,697 
Navy JAPAN Iwakuni E–2D OPERATIONAL TRAINER COMPLEX 8,716 8,716 8,716 8,716 
Navy JAPAN Iwakuni SECURITY MODIFICATIONS—CVW5/MAG12 HQ 9,207 9,207 9,207 9,207 Navy JAPAN Kadena AB AIRCRAFT MAINT. SHELTERS & APRON 23,310 23,310 23,310 23,310 Navy JAPAN Yokosuka CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER 13,846 13,846 13,846 13,846 Navy MARYLAND Patuxent River UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING 40,935 40,935 40,935 40,935 Navy NORTH CAROLINA Camp Lejeune 2ND RADIO BN COMPLEX OPERATIONS CON-
SOLIDATION 0 0 0 0 
Navy NORTH CAROLINA Camp Lejeune RANGE SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS 0 0 19,400 0 
Navy NORTH CAROLINA Camp Lejeune SIMULATOR INTEGRATION/RANGE CONTROL FA-
CILITY 54,849 54,849 54,849 54,849 
Navy NORTH CAROLINA Cherry Point Marine 
Corps Air Station AIR FIELD SECURITY IMPROVEMENTS 0 0 23,300 23,300 23,300 
Navy NORTH CAROLINA Cherry Point Marine 
Corps Air Station KC–130J ENLSITED AIR CREW TRAINER FACIL-
ITY 4,769 4,769 4,769 4,769 
Navy NORTH CAROLINA Cherry Point Marine 
Corps Air Station UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM FACILITIES 29,657 29,657 29,657 29,657 
Navy NORTH CAROLINA New River OPERATIONAL TRAINER FACILITY 3,312 3,312 3,312 3,312 
Navy NORTH CAROLINA New River RADAR AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL FACILITY ADDI-
TION 4,918 4,918 4,918 4,918 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00378 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6687 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Navy POLAND RedziKowo Base AEGIS ASHORE MISSILE DEFENSE COMPLEX 51,270 0 51,270 51,270 
Navy SOUTH CAROLINA Parris Island RANGE SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS & MODERNIZA-
TION 27,075 27,075 27,075 27,075 
Navy VIRGINIA Dam Neck MARITIME SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM FACILITY 23,066 23,066 23,066 23,066 
Navy VIRGINIA Norfolk COMMUNICATIONS CENTER 75,289 75,289 75,289 75,289 Navy VIRGINIA Norfolk ELECTRICAL REPAIRS TO PIERS 2,6,7, AND 11 44,254 44,254 44,254 44,254 Navy VIRGINIA Norfolk MH–60 HELICOPTER TRAINING FACILITY 7,134 7,134 7,134 7,134 Navy VIRGINIA Portsmouth WATERFRONT UTILITIES 45,513 45,513 45,513 45,513 Navy VIRGINIA Quantico ATFP GATE 5,840 5,840 5,840 5,840 Navy VIRGINIA Quantico ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTION UPGRADE 8,418 8,418 8,418 8,418 Navy VIRGINIA Quantico EMBASSY SECURITY GUARD BEQ & OPS FACIL-
ITY 43,941 43,941 43,941 43,941 
Navy VIRGINIA Quantico TBS FIRE STATION REPLACEMENT 0 0 17,200 0 
Navy WASHINGTON Bangor REGIONAL SHIP MAINTENANCE SUPPORT FACIL-
ITY 0 0 0 0 
Navy WASHINGTON Bangor WRA LAND/WATER INTERFACE 34,177 34,177 34,177 34,177 
Navy WASHINGTON Bremerton DRY DOCK 6 MODERNIZATION & UTILITY IM-
PROVE. 22,680 22,680 22,680 22,680 
Navy WASHINGTON Indian Island SHORE POWER TO AMMUNITION PIER 4,472 4,472 4,472 4,472 
Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MCON DESIGN FUNDS 91,649 91,649 91,649 91,649 
Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 22,590 22,590 22,590 22,590 
Military Construction, Navy Total ...................................................................................................................... 1,605,929 1,361,925 1,665,289 29,500 1,635,429 
AF ALASKA Eielson AFB F–35A FLIGHT SIM/ALTER SQUAD OPS/AMU FA-
CILITY 37,000 37,000 37,000 37,000 
AF ALASKA Eielson AFB RPR CENTRAL HEAT & POWER PLANT BOILER 
PH3 34,400 34,400 34,400 34,400 
AF ARIZONA Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J AGE COVERED STORAGE 4,700 4,700 4,700 4,700 
AF ARIZONA Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J WASH RACK 12,200 12,200 12,200 12,200 AF ARIZONA Luke AFB COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY 0 0 21,000 21,000 21,000 
AF ARIZONA Luke AFB F–35A ADAL FUEL OFFLOAD FACILITY 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 AF ARIZONA Luke AFB F–35A AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR/SQ 3 13,200 13,200 13,200 13,200 AF ARIZONA Luke AFB F–35A BOMB BUILD-UP FACILITY 5,500 5,500 5,500 5,500 AF ARIZONA Luke AFB F–35A SQ OPS/AMU/HANGAR/SQ 4 33,000 33,000 33,000 33,000 AF COLORADO U.S. Air Force Academy FRONT GATES FORCE PROTECTION ENHANCE-
MENTS 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 
AF FLORIDA Cape Canaveral AFS RANGE COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 
AF FLORIDA Eglin AFB F–35A CONSOLIDATED HQ FACILITY 8,700 8,700 8,700 8,700 AF FLORIDA Hurlburt Field ADAL 39 INFORMATION OPERATIONS SQUAD 
FACILITY 14,200 14,200 14,200 14,200 
AF GREENLAND Thule AB THULE CONSOLIDATION PH 1 41,965 41,965 41,965 41,965 
AF GUAM Joint Region Marianas APR—DISPERSED MAINT SPARES & SE STOR-
AGE FAC 19,000 19,000 19,000 19,000 
AF GUAM Joint Region Marianas APR—INSTALLATION CONTROL CENTER 22,200 22,200 22,200 22,200 
AF GUAM Joint Region Marianas APR—SOUTH RAMP UTILITIES PHASE 2 7,100 7,100 7,100 7,100 AF GUAM Joint Region Marianas PAR—LO/CORROSION CNTRL/COMPOSITE RE-
PAIR 0 0 0 0 
AF GUAM Joint Region Marianas PRTC ROADS 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 
AF HAWAII Joint Base Pearl Har-
bor-Hickam F–22 FIGHTER ALERT FACILITY 46,000 46,000 46,000 46,000 
AF JAPAN Yokota AB C–130J FLIGHT SIMULATOR FACILITY 8,461 8,461 8,461 8,461 
AF KANSAS McConnell AFB AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER 0 0 11,200 0 AF KANSAS McConnell AFB KC–46A ADAL DEICING PADS 4,300 4,300 4,300 4,300 AF LOUISIANA Barksdale AFB CONSOLIDATED COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY 0 0 20,000 0 AF MARYLAND Fort Meade CYBERCOM JOINT OPERATIONS CENTER, IN-
CREMENT 3 86,000 86,000 86,000 86,000 
AF MISSOURI Whiteman AFB CONSOLIDATED STEALTH OPS & NUCLEAR 
ALERT FAC 29,500 29,500 29,500 29,500 
AF MONTANA Malmstrom AFB TACTICAL RESPONSE FORCE ALERT FACILITY 19,700 19,700 19,700 19,700 
AF NEBRASKA Offutt AFB DORMITORY (144 RM) 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 AF NEVADA Nellis AFB F–35A AIRFIELD PAVEMENTS 31,000 31,000 31,000 31,000 AF NEVADA Nellis AFB F–35A LIVE ORDNANCE LOADING AREA 34,500 34,500 34,500 34,500 AF NEVADA Nellis AFB F–35A MUNITIONS MAINTENANCE FACILITIES 3,450 3,450 3,450 3,450 AF NEW MEXICO Cannon AFB CONSTRUCT AT/FP GATE—PORTALES 7,800 7,800 7,800 7,800 AF NEW MEXICO Holloman AFB FIXED GROUND CONTROL 0 0 3,200 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00379 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6688 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
AF NEW MEXICO Holloman AFB MARSHALLING AREA ARM/DE-ARM PAD D 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 
AF NEW MEXICO Kirtland AFB SPACE VEHICLES COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT 
LAB 12,800 12,800 12,800 12,800 
AF NEW YORK Fort Drum ASOS EXPANSION 0 0 6,000 0 
AF NIGER Agadez CONSTRUCT AIRFIELD AND BASE CAMP 50,000 0 50,000 50,000 AF NORTH CAROLINA Seymour Johnson AFB AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER/BASE OPS FA-
CILITY 17,100 17,100 17,100 17,100 
AF OKLAHOMA Altus AFB DORMITORY (120 RM) 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 
AF OKLAHOMA Altus AFB KC–46A FTU ADAL FUEL CELL MAINT HANGAR 10,400 10,400 10,400 10,400 AF OKLAHOMA Tinker AFB AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER 12,900 12,900 12,900 12,900 AF OKLAHOMA Tinker AFB KC–46A DEPOT MAINTENANCE DOCK 37,000 37,000 37,000 37,000 AF OMAN Al Musannah AB AIRLIFT APRON 25,000 0 25,000 25,000 AF SOUTH DAKOTA Ellsworth AFB DORMITORY (168 RM) 23,000 23,000 23,000 23,000 AF TEXAS Joint Base San Antonio BMT CLASSROOMS/DINING FACILITY 3 35,000 35,000 35,000 35,000 AF TEXAS Joint Base San Antonio BMT RECRUIT DORMITORY 5 71,000 71,000 71,000 71,000 AF UNITED KINGDOM RAF Croughton CONSOLIDATED SATCOM/TECH CONTROL FACIL-
ITY 36,424 36,424 36,424 36,424 
AF UNITED KINGDOM RAF Croughton JIAC CONSOLIDATION—PH 2 94,191 94,191 94,191 94,191 
AF UTAH Hill AFB F–35A FLIGHT SIMULATOR ADDITION PHASE 2 5,900 5,900 5,900 5,900 AF UTAH Hill AFB F–35A HANGAR 40/42 ADDITIONS AND AMU 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 AF UTAH Hill AFB HAYMAN IGLOOS 11,500 11,500 11,500 11,500 AF WORLDWIDE 
CLASSIFIED Classified Location LONG RANGE STRIKE BOMBER 77,130 77,130 77,130 77,130 
AF WORLDWIDE 
CLASSIFIED Classified Location MUNITIONS STORAGE 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 
AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations PLANNING AND DESIGN 89,164 89,164 89,164 89,164 
AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 22,900 22,900 22,900 22,900 
AF WYOMING F. E. Warren AFB WEAPON STORAGE FACILITY 95,000 95,000 95,000 95,000 
Military Construction, Air Force Total .............................................................................................................. 1,354,785 1,279,785 1,416,185 21,000 1,375,785 
Def-Wide ALABAMA Fort Rucker FORT RUCKER ES/PS CONSOLIDATION/RE-
PLACEMENT 46,787 46,787 46,787 46,787 
Def-Wide ALABAMA Maxwell AFB MAXWELL ES/MS REPLACEMENT/RENOVATION 32,968 32,968 32,968 32,968 
Def-Wide ARIZONA Fort Huachuca JITC BUILDINGS 52101/52111 RENOVATIONS 3,884 3,884 3,884 3,884 Def-Wide CALIFORNIA Camp Pendleton SOF COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT FACILITY 10,181 10,181 10,181 10,181 Def-Wide CALIFORNIA Camp Pendleton SOF PERFORMANCE RESILIENCY CENTER-WEST 10,371 0 10,371 10,371 Def-Wide CALIFORNIA Coronado SOF LOGISTICS SUPPORT UNIT ONE OPS FAC. 
#2 47,218 0 47,218 47,218 
Def-Wide CALIFORNIA Fresno Yosemite IAP 
ANG REPLACE FUEL STORAGE AND DISTRIB. FACILI-
TIES 10,700 10,700 10,700 10,700 
Def-Wide COLORADO Fort Carson, Colorado SOF LANGUAGE TRAINING FACILITY 8,243 8,243 8,243 8,243 
Def-Wide CONUS CLASSI-
FIED Classified Location OPERATIONS SUPPORT FACILITY 20,065 0 20,065 20,065 
Def-Wide DELAWARE Dover AFB CONSTRUCT HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM 21,600 21,600 21,600 21,600 
Def-Wide DJIBOUTI Camp Lemonier CONSTRUCT FUEL STORAGE & DISTRIB. FACILI-
TIES 43,700 0 43,700 43,700 
Def-Wide FLORIDA Hurlburt Field SOF FUEL CELL MAINTENANCE HANGAR 17,989 17,989 17,989 17,989 
Def-Wide FLORIDA MacDill AFB SOF OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FACILITY 39,142 39,142 39,142 39,142 Def-Wide GEORGIA Moody AFB REPLACE PUMPHOUSE AND TRUCK FILLSTANDS 10,900 10,900 10,900 10,900 Def-Wide GERMANY Garmisch GARMISCH E/MS-ADDITION/MODERNIZATION 14,676 14,676 14,676 14,676 Def-Wide GERMANY Grafenwoehr GRAFENWOEHR ELEMENTARY SCHOOL RE-
PLACEMENT 38,138 38,138 38,138 38,138 
Def-Wide GERMANY Rhine Ordnance Bar-
racks MEDICAL CENTER REPLACEMENT INCR 5 85,034 85,034 85,034 85,034 
Def-Wide GERMANY Spangdahlem AB CONSTRUCT FUEL PIPELINE 5,500 5,500 5,500 5,500 
Def-Wide GERMANY Spangdahlem AB MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINIC ADDITION 34,071 34,071 34,071 34,071 Def-Wide GERMANY Stuttgart-Patch Bar-
racks PATCH ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT 49,413 49,413 49,413 49,413 
Def-Wide HAWAII Kaneohe Bay MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT 122,071 90,257 122,071 122,071 
Def-Wide HAWAII Schofield Barracks BEHAVIORAL HEALTH/DENTAL CLINIC ADDITION 123,838 87,800 123,838 123,838 Def-Wide JAPAN Kadena AB AIRFIELD PAVEMENTS 37,485 37,485 37,485 37,485 Def-Wide KENTUCKY Fort Campbell, Ken-
tucky SOF COMPANY HQ/CLASSROOMS 12,553 12,553 12,553 12,553 
Def-Wide KENTUCKY Fort Knox FORT KNOX HS RENOVATION/MS ADDITION 23,279 23,279 23,279 23,279 
Def-Wide MARYLAND Fort Meade NSAW CAMPUS FEEDERS PHASE 2 33,745 33,745 33,745 33,745 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00380 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6689 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Def-Wide MARYLAND Fort Meade NSAW RECAPITALIZE BUILDING #2 INCR 1 34,897 34,897 34,897 34,897 
Def-Wide NEVADA Nellis AFB REPLACE HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM 39,900 39,900 39,900 39,900 Def-Wide NEW MEXICO Cannon AFB CONSTRUCT PUMPHOUSE AND FUEL STORAGE 20,400 20,400 20,400 20,400 Def-Wide NEW MEXICO Cannon AFB SOF SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 11,565 11,565 11,565 11,565 Def-Wide NEW MEXICO Cannon AFB SOF ST OPERATIONAL TRAINING FACILITIES 13,146 13,146 13,146 13,146 Def-Wide NEW YORK West Point WEST POINT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACE-
MENT 55,778 55,778 55,778 55,778 
Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Camp Lejeune SOF COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT FACILITY 14,036 14,036 14,036 14,036 
Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Camp Lejeune SOF MARINE BATTALION COMPANY/TEAM FA-
CILITIES 54,970 54,970 54,970 54,970 
Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg BUTNER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT 32,944 32,944 32,944 32,944 
Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF 21 STS OPERATIONS FACILITY 16,863 14,334 16,863 16,863 Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF BATTALION OPERATIONS FACILITY 38,549 38,549 38,549 38,549 Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF INDOOR RANGE 8,303 8,303 8,303 8,303 Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF INTELLIGENCE TRAINING CENTER 28,265 28,265 28,265 28,265 Def-Wide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF SPECIAL TACTICS FACILITY (PH 2) 43,887 43,887 43,887 43,887 Def-Wide OHIO Wright-Patterson AFB SATELLITE PHARMACY REPLACEMENT 6,623 6,623 6,623 6,623 Def-Wide OREGON Klamath Falls IAP REPLACE FUEL FACILITIES 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 Def-Wide PENNSYLVANIA Philadelphia REPLACE HEADQUARTERS 49,700 49,700 0 49,700 Def-Wide POLAND RedziKowo Base AEGIS ASHORE MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM 
COMPLEX 169,153 0 169,153 169,153 
Def-Wide SOUTH CAROLINA Fort Jackson PIERCE TERRACE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL RE-
PLACEMENT 26,157 26,157 26,157 26,157 
Def-Wide SPAIN Rota ROTA ES AND HS ADDITIONS 13,737 13,737 13,737 13,737 
Def-Wide TEXAS Fort Bliss HOSPITAL REPLACEMENT INCR 7 239,884 189,884 239,884 –50,000 189,884 Def-Wide TEXAS Joint Base San Antonio AMBULATORY CARE CENTER PHASE 4 61,776 61,776 61,776 61,776 Def-Wide VIRGINIA Fort Belvoir CONSTRUCT VISITOR CONTROL CENTER 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 Def-Wide VIRGINIA Fort Belvoir REPLACE GROUND VEHICLE FUELING FACILITY 4,500 4,500 4,500 4,500 Def-Wide VIRGINIA Joint Base Langley- 
Eustis REPLACE FUEL PIER AND DISTRIBUTION FACIL-
ITY 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 
Def-Wide VIRGINIA Joint Expeditionary 
Base Little Creek— Story SOF APPLIED INSTRUCTION FACILITY 23,916 23,916 23,916 23,916 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations CONTINGENCY CONSTRUCTION 10,000 0 10,000 –10,000 0 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations ECIP DESIGN 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations ENERGY CONSERVATION INVESTMENT PRO-
GRAM 150,000 150,000 150,000 150,000 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations EXERCISE RELATED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 8,687 8,687 8,687 8,687 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 13,500 13,500 13,500 13,500 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 42,183 42,183 42,183 42,183 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 31,628 31,628 31,628 31,628 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 1,078 1,078 1,078 1,078 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 3,041 3,041 3,041 3,041 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 27,202 27,202 27,202 27,202 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 15,676 15,676 15,676 15,676 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations EAST COAST MISSILE SITE PLANNING AND DE-
SIGN 0 30,000 0 30,000 30,000 
Def-Wide WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations PLANNING & DESIGN 31,772 31,772 31,772 31,772 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total ....................................................................................................... 2,300,767 1,909,879 2,251,067 –30,000 2,270,767 
NATO WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED NATO Security Invest-
ment Program NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 120,000 150,000 120,000 120,000 
NATO Security Investment Program Total ........................................................................................................ 120,000 150,000 120,000 0 120,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00381 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6690 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Army NG ALABAMA Camp Foley VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 0 0 4,500 4,500 4,500 
Army NG CONNECTICUT Camp Hartell READY BUILDING (CST-WMD) 11,000 11,000 11,000 11,000 Army NG DELAWARE Dagsboro NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 10,800 0 10,800 10,800 Army NG FLORIDA Palm Coast NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 Army NG GEORGIA Fort Stewart TACTICAL AERIAL UNMANNED SYSTEMS 0 0 6,800 6,800 6,800 Army NG ILLINOIS Sparta BASIC 10M–25M FIRING RANGE (ZERO) 1,900 1,900 1,900 1,900 Army NG KANSAS Salina AUTOMATED COMBAT PISTOL/MP FIREARMS 
QUAL COURSE 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 
Army NG KANSAS Salina MODIFIED RECORD FIRE RANGE 4,300 4,300 4,300 4,300 
Army NG MARYLAND Easton NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 13,800 13,800 13,800 13,800 Army NG MISSISSIPPI Gulfport AVIATION CLASSIFICATION AND REPAIR 0 0 40,000 40,000 40,000 Army NG NEVADA Reno NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 
ADD/ALT 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 
Army NG OHIO Camp Ravenna MODIFIED RECORD FIRE RANGE 3,300 3,300 3,300 3,300 
Army NG OREGON Salem NATIONAL GUARD/RESERVE CENTER BLDG 
ADD/ALT (JFHQ) 16,500 16,500 16,500 16,500 
Army NG PENNSYLVANIA Fort Indiantown Gap TRAINING AIDS CENTER 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 
Army NG VERMONT North Hyde Park NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 
ADDITION 7,900 7,900 7,900 7,900 
Army NG VIRGINIA Richmond NATIONAL GUARD/RESERVE CENTER BUILDING 
(JFHQ) 29,000 29,000 29,000 29,000 
Army NG WASHINGTON Yakima ENLISTED BARRACKS, TRANSIENT TRAINING 19,000 0 19,000 19,000 
Army NG WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 20,337 20,337 20,337 20,337 
Army NG WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 
Military Construction, Army National Guard Total ........................................................................................... 197,237 167,437 248,537 51,300 248,537 
Army Res CALIFORNIA Miramar ARMY RESERVE CENTER 24,000 24,000 24,000 24,000 
Army Res FLORIDA MacDill AFB AR CENTER/AS FACILITY 55,000 55,000 55,000 55,000 Army Res MISSISSIPPI Starkville ARMY RESERVE CENTER 9,300 0 9,300 9,300 Army Res NEW YORK Orangeburg ORGANIZATIONAL MAINTENANCE SHOP 4,200 4,200 4,200 4,200 Army Res PENNSYLVANIA Conneaut Lake DAR HIGHWAY IMPROVEMENT 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 Army Res PUERTO RICO Fort Buchanan ACCESS CONTROL POINT 0 0 10,200 10,200 10,200 
Army Res VIRGINIA Fort AP Hill EQUIPMENT CONCENTRATION 0 0 24,000 24,000 24,000 Army Res WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 9,318 9,318 9,318 9,318 
Army Res WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 6,777 6,777 6,777 6,777 
Military Construction, Army Reserve Total ....................................................................................................... 113,595 104,295 147,795 34,200 147,795 
N/MC Res NEVADA Fallon NAVOPSPTCEN FALLON 11,480 11,480 11,480 11,480 
N/MC Res NEW YORK Brooklyn RESERVE CENTER STORAGE FACILITY 2,479 2,479 2,479 2,479 N/MC Res VIRGINIA Dam Neck RESERVE TRAINING CENTER COMPLEX 18,443 18,443 18,443 18,443 N/MC Res WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MCNR PLANNING & DESIGN 2,208 2,208 2,208 2,208 
N/MC Res WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MCNR UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 1,468 1,468 1,468 1,468 
Military Construction, Naval Reserve Total ...................................................................................................... 36,078 36,078 36,078 0 36,078 
Air NG ALABAMA Dannelly Field TFI—REPLACE SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACIL-
ITY 7,600 7,600 7,600 7,600 
Air NG ARKANSAS Fort Smith MAP CONSOLIDATED SCIF 0 0 0 0 
Air NG CALIFORNIA Moffett Field REPLACE VEHICLE MAINTENANCE FACILITY 6,500 6,500 6,500 6,500 Air NG COLORADO Buckley AFB ASE MAINTENANCE AND STORAGE FACILITY 5,100 5,100 5,100 5,100 Air NG CONNECTICUT Bradley OPS AND DEPLOYMENT FACILITY 0 0 6,300 0 Air NG FLORIDA Cape Canaveral AFS SPACE CONTROL FACILITY 0 0 6,100 6,100 6,100 Air NG GEORGIA Savannah/Hilton Head 
IAP C–130 SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 
Air NG HAWAII Joint Base Pearl Har-
bor-Hickam F–22 COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY 0 0 9,700 0 
Air NG IOWA Des Moines MAP AIR OPERATIONS GRP/CYBER BEDDOWN-RENO 
BLG 430 6,700 6,700 6,700 6,700 
Air NG KANSAS Smokey Hill ANG Range RANGE TRAINING SUPPORT FACILITIES 2,900 2,900 2,900 2,900 
Air NG LOUISIANA New Orleans REPLACE SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00382 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6691 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Air NG MAINE Bangor IAP ADD TO AND ALTER FIRE CRASH/RESCUE STA-
TION 7,200 7,200 7,200 7,200 
Air NG NEW HAMPSHIRE Pease International 
Trade Port BLDG MOD KC–46 FUSELAGE TRAINER 0 0 1,500 0 
Air NG NEW HAMPSHIRE Pease International 
Trade Port KC–46A ADAL FLIGHT SIMULATOR BLDG 156 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 
Air NG NEW JERSEY Atlantic City IAP FUEL CELL AND CORROSION CONTROL HANGAR 10,200 10,200 10,200 10,200 
Air NG NEW YORK Niagara Falls IAP REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT BEDDOWN BLDG 
912 7,700 7,700 7,700 7,700 
Air NG NORTH CAROLINA Charlotte/Douglas IAP REPLACE C–130 SQUADRON OPERATIONS FA-
CILITY 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 
Air NG NORTH DAKOTA Hector IAP INTEL TARGETING FACILITIES 7,300 7,300 7,300 7,300 
Air NG OKLAHOMA Will Rogers World Air-
port MEDIUM ALTITUDE MANNED ISR BEDDOWN 7,600 7,600 7,600 7,600 
Air NG OREGON Klamath Falls IAP REPLACE FIRE CRASH/RESCUE STATION 7,200 7,200 7,200 7,200 
Air NG WEST VIRGINIA Yeager Airport FORCE PROTECTION- RELOCATE COONSKIN 
ROAD 3,900 3,900 3,900 3,900 
Air NG WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations PLANNING AND DESIGN 5,104 5,104 5,104 5,104 
Air NG WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 7,734 7,734 7,734 7,734 
Military Construction, Air National Guard Total ............................................................................................... 123,538 123,538 147,138 6,100 129,638 
AF Res ARIZONA Davis-Monthan AFB GUARDIAN ANGEL OPERATIONS 0 0 0 0 
AF Res CALIFORNIA March AFB SATELLITE FIRE STATION 4,600 4,600 4,600 4,600 AF Res FLORIDA Patrick AFB AIRCREW LIFE SUPPORT FACILITY 3,400 3,400 3,400 3,400 AF Res GEORGIA Dobbins FIRE STATION/SECURITY COMPLEX 0 0 10,400 10,400 10,400 AF Res OHIO Youngstown INDOOR FIRING RANGE 9,400 9,400 9,400 9,400 AF Res TEXAS Joint Base San Antonio CONSOLIDATE 433 MEDICAL FACILITY 9,900 9,900 9,900 9,900 AF Res WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations PLANNING AND DESIGN 13,400 13,400 13,400 13,400 
AF Res WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Various Worldwide Lo-
cations UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 6,121 6,121 6,121 6,121 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve Total ............................................................................................... 46,821 46,821 57,221 10,400 57,221 
FH Con Army FLORIDA Camp Rudder FAMILY HOUSING REPLACEMENT CONSTRUC-
TION 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 
FH Con Army GERMANY Wiesbaden Army Air-
field FAMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENTS 3,500 3,500 3,500 3,500 
FH Con Army ILLINOIS Rock Island FAMILY HOUSING REPLACEMENT CONSTRUC-
TION 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 
FH Con Army KOREA Camp Walker FAMILY HOUSING NEW CONSTRUCTION 61,000 61,000 61,000 61,000 
FH Con Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations FAMILY HOUSING P & D 7,195 7,195 7,195 7,195 
Family Housing Construction, Army Total ........................................................................................................ 99,695 99,695 99,695 0 99,695 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations FURNISHINGS 25,552 25,552 25,552 25,552 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations LEASED HOUSING 144,879 144,879 144,879 144,879 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY FACILITIES 75,197 75,197 75,197 75,197 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT 45,468 45,468 45,468 45,468 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT 3,047 3,047 3,047 3,047 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MILITARY HOUSING PRIVITIZATION INITIATIVE 22,000 22,000 22,000 22,000 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED 
Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MISCELLANEOUS 840 840 840 840 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations SERVICES 10,928 10,928 10,928 10,928 
FH Ops Army WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UTILITIES 65,600 65,600 65,600 65,600 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Army Total ............................................................................... 393,511 393,511 393,511 0 393,511 
FH Con AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations IMPROVEMENTS 150,649 150,649 150,649 150,649 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00383 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6692 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
FH Con AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 9,849 9,849 9,849 9,849 
Family Housing Construction, Air Force Total ................................................................................................. 160,498 160,498 160,498 0 160,498 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT 38,746 38,746 38,746 38,746 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations HOUSING PRIVATIZATION 41,554 41,554 41,554 41,554 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations LEASING 28,867 28,867 28,867 28,867 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MAINTENANCE 114,129 114,129 114,129 114,129 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT 52,153 52,153 52,153 52,153 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT 2,032 2,032 2,032 2,032 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations SERVICES ACCOUNT 12,940 12,940 12,940 12,940 
FH Ops AF WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UTILITIES ACCOUNT 40,811 40,811 40,811 40,811 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Air Force Total ........................................................................ 331,232 331,232 331,232 0 331,232 
FH Con Navy VIRGINIA Wallops Island CONSTRUCT HOUSING WELCOME CENTER 438 438 438 438 
FH Con Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DESIGN 4,588 4,588 4,588 4,588 
FH Con Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations IMPROVEMENTS 11,515 11,515 11,515 11,515 
Family Housing Construction, Navy And Marine Corps Total .......................................................................... 16,541 16,541 16,541 0 16,541 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT 17,534 17,534 17,534 17,534 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations LEASING 64,108 64,108 64,108 64,108 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY 99,323 99,323 99,323 99,323 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT 56,189 56,189 56,189 56,189 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT 373 373 373 373 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS 28,668 28,668 28,668 28,668 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations SERVICES ACCOUNT 19,149 19,149 19,149 19,149 
FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UTILITIES ACCOUNT 67,692 67,692 67,692 67,692 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Navy And Marine Corps Total ................................................. 353,036 353,036 353,036 0 353,036 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT 781 781 781 781 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT 20 20 20 20 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT 3,402 3,402 3,402 3,402 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations LEASING 10,679 10,679 10,679 10,679 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations LEASING 41,273 41,273 41,273 41,273 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY 344 344 344 344 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY 1,104 1,104 1,104 1,104 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT 388 388 388 388 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations SERVICES ACCOUNT 31 31 31 31 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UTILITIES ACCOUNT 172 172 172 172 
FH Ops DW WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations UTILITIES ACCOUNT 474 474 474 474 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00384 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6693 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Defense-Wide Total ................................................................. 58,668 58,668 58,668 0 58,668 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Base Realignment & 
Closure, Army BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 29,691 29,691 29,691 29,691 
Base Realignment and Closure—Army Total ................................................................................................... 29,691 29,691 29,691 0 29,691 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DOD BRAC ACTIVITIES—AIR FORCE 64,555 64,555 64,555 64,555 
Base Realignment and Closure—Air Force Total ........................................................................................... 64,555 64,555 64,555 0 64,555 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Base Realignment & 
Closure, Navy BASE REALIGNMENT & CLOSURE 118,906 118,906 118,906 118,906 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DON–100: PLANING, DESIGN AND MANAGE-
MENT 7,787 7,787 7,787 7,787 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DON–101: VARIOUS LOCATIONS 20,871 20,871 20,871 20,871 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DON–138: NAS BRUNSWICK, ME 803 803 803 803 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DON–157: MCSA KANSAS CITY, MO 41 41 41 41 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DON–172: NWS SEAL BEACH, CONCORD, CA 4,872 4,872 4,872 4,872 
BRAC WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DON–84: JRB WILLOW GROVE & CAMBRIA REG 
AP 3,808 3,808 3,808 3,808 
Base Realignment and Closure—Navy Total ................................................................................................... 157,088 157,088 157,088 0 157,088 
PYS WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations AIR FORCE 0 –52,600 –50,000 –34,400 –34,400 
PYS WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations ARMY 0 –96,000 –52,000 –56,600 –56,600 
PYS WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations DEFENSE-WIDE 0 –134,000 –120,000 –134,000 –134,000 
PYS WORLDWIDE UN-
SPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide 
Locations HOUSING ASSISTANCE PROGRAM 0 –103,918 0 –110,000 –110,000 
Prior Year Savings Total ............................................................................................................................... ..... 0 –386,518 –222,000 –335,000 –335,000 
Total, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... 8,463,598 7,308,088 8,462,658 –228,000 8,235,598 
LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOT ADOPTED 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/ 
Country Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Army Cuba Guantanamo Bay UNACCOMPANIED PERSONNEL HOUSING 0 76,000 0 0 0 
Military Construction, Army Total ..................................................................................................................... 0 76,000 0 0 0 
Navy Bahrain Bahrain Island MINA SALMAN PIER REPLACEMENT 0 37,700 0 0 0 
Navy Bahrain Bahrain Island SHIP MAINTENANCE SUPPORT FACILITY 0 52,091 0 0 0 Navy Italy Sigonella P–8A HANGAR AND FLEET SUPPORT FACILITY 0 62,302 0 0 0 Navy Italy Sigonella TRITON HANGAR AND OPERATION FACILITY 0 40,641 0 0 0 Navy Poland Redzikowo AEGIS SHORE MISSILE DEFENSE COMPLEX 0 51,270 0 0 0 
Military Construction, Navy Total ...................................................................................................................... 0 244,004 0 0 0 
AF Niger Agadez CONSTRUCT AIR FIELD AND BASE CAMP 0 50,000 0 0 0 
AF Oman Al Mussanah AB AIRLIFT APRON 0 25,000 0 0 0 
Military Construction, Air Force Total .............................................................................................................. 0 75,000 0 0 0 
Def-Wide Djibouti Camp Lemonier CONSTRUCT FUEL STORAGE AND DISTRIBUTION 
FACILITIES 0 43,700 0 0 0 
Def-Wide Poland Redzikowo AEGIS SHORE MISSILE DEFENSE COMPLEX 0 93,296 0 0 0 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total ....................................................................................................... 0 136,996 0 0 0 
Total, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... 0 532,000 0 0 0 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROGRAMS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00385 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.139 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6694 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation 
Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
Energy Programs 
Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. 135,161 0 0 0 135,161 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National nuclear security administration: 
Weapons activities .................................................................................................. 8,846,948 2 37,700 180,000 –44,151 8,802,797 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................ 1,940,302 –39,000 5 ,000 1,198 1,941,500 
Naval reactors ......................................................................................................... 1,375,49 6 12,000 0 –15,500 1,359,996 
Federal salaries and expenses ............................................................................... 402,654 –6,000 0 –1 4,654 388,000 
Total, National nuclear security administration ........................................................... 12,565,400 204,700 185,000 –73,107 12,492,293 
Environmental and other defense activities: 
Defense environmental cleanup ............................................................................. 5,527,347 –384,197 –4 51,797 –396,797 5,130,550 
Other defense activities .......................................................................................... 774,425 4,200  0 –3,903 770,522 
Total, Environmental & other defense activities .......................................................... 6,301,772 –379,997 –451,797 –400,700 5,901,072 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ................................................................................ 18,867,172 –175,297 –266,797 –473,807 18,393,365 
Total, Discretionary Funding ..................................................................................................................... 19,002,333 –175,297 –266,797 –473,807 18,528,526 
Nuclear Energy 
Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... .. 126,161 126,161 
Used nuclear fuel disposition .................................................................................................. .......... 9,000 9,000 
Total, Nuclear Energy ............................................................................................................................... . 135,161 0 0 0 135,161 
Weapons Activities 
Directed stockpile work 
Life extension programs 
B61 Life extension program ............................................................................................ 643,300 6 43,300 
W76 Life extension program ............................................................................................ 244,019 2 44,019 
W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... . 220,176 220,176 
W80–4 Life extension program ........................................................................................ 195,037 195 ,037 
Total, Life extension programs ............................................................................................... 1,302,532 0 0 0 1,302,532 
Stockpile systems 
B61 Stockpile systems ..................................................................................................... 52,24 7 21,000 52,247 
W76 Stockpile systems .................................................................................................... 50,921  50,921 
W78 Stockpile systems .................................................................................................... 64,092  64,092 
W80 Stockpile systems .................................................................................................... 68,005  68,005 
B83 Stockpile systems ..................................................................................................... 42,17 7 9,000 42,177 
W87 Stockpile systems .................................................................................................... 89,299  89,299 
W88 Stockpile systems .................................................................................................... 115,68 5 115,685 
Total, Stockpile systems ......................................................................................................... 482,426 30,000 0 0 482,426 
Weapons dismantlement and disposition 
Operations and maintenance .......................................................................................... 48,049 48,0 49 
Stockpile services 
Production support ........................................................................................................... 44 7,527 447,527 
Research and development support ................................................................................ 34,159 34,159 R&D certification and safety ........................................................................................... 192,613 11,200 –7,613 185,000 
Management, technology, and production ...................................................................... 264,994 –6,467 258, 527 
Total, Stockpile services ......................................................................................................... 939,293 11,200 0 –14,080 925,213 
Nuclear material commodities 
Uranium sustainment ...................................................................................................... 32,916  32,916 
Plutonium sustainment .................................................................................................... 174,69 8 8,400 174,698 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00386 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.140 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6695 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Tritium sustainment ........................................................................................................ 107, 345 107,345 
Domestic uranium enrichment ........................................................................................ 100,000 –50, 000 50,000 
Total, Nuclear material commodities ..................................................................................... 414,959 8,400 0 –50,000 364,959 
Total, Directed stockpile work ........................................................................................................ 3,187,259 49,600 0 –64,080 3,123,179 
Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) 
Science 
Advanced certification ..................................................................................................... 50,7 14 50,714 
Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................... 98,500 21,600  5,600 104,100 
Dynamic materials properties .......................................................................................... 109,000 1 09,000 
Advanced radiography ..................................................................................................... 47,000  47,000 
Secondary assessment technologies ............................................................................... 84,400 84,400 
Total, Science .......................................................................................................................... 389,614 21,600 0 5,600 395,214 
Engineering 
Enhanced surety .............................................................................................................. 50 ,821 1,100 50,821 
Weapon systems engineering assessment technology .................................................... 17,371 17,371 Nuclear survivability ........................................................................................................ 24 ,461 2,400 24,461 
Enhanced surveillance ..................................................................................................... 38,72 4 10,000 38,724 
Total, Engineering .................................................................................................................... 131,377 3,500 10,000 0 131,377 
Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield 
Ignition ....................................................................................................................... ...... 73,334 –6,000 73,334 
Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................... 22,843 22,843  
Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ......................................................... 58,587 58,587 Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................... 4,963 4,963 Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas ............................................. 8,900 8,900 Facility operations and target production ....................................................................... 333,823 –11,000  333,823 
Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ................................................................. 502,450 –17,000 0 0 502,450 
Advanced simulation and computing ....................................................................................... 623,006  –6,000 –6,000 617,006 
Responsive Capabilities Program ............................................................................................. 0 2 0,000 0 
Advanced manufacturing 
Component manufacturing development ......................................................................... 112,256 –18,808 93, 448 
Processing technology development ................................................................................ 17,800 17,800 
Total, Advanced manufacturing .............................................................................................. 130,056 0 0 –18,808 111,248 
Total, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ....... 1,776,503 2,100 30,000 –19,208 1,757,295 
Readiness in technical base and facilities (RTBF) 
Operating 
Program readiness ........................................................................................................... 75, 185 –15,185 60,000 
Material recycle and recovery .......................................................................................... 173,859 –13,859 160,000 
Storage ........................................................................................................................ ..... 40,920 40,920 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... 104,327 –4,327 100,000 
Total, Operating ....................................................................................................................... 394,291 0 0 –33,371 360,920 
Construction: 
15–D–302 TA–55 Reinvestment project, Phase 3, LANL ................................................ 18,195 18,195 11–D–801 TA–55 Reinvestment project Phase 2, LANL ................................................. 3,903 3,903 07–D–220 Radioactive liquid waste treatment facility upgrade project, LANL ............. 11,533 11,533 07–D–220-04 Transuranic liquid waste facility, LANL ................................................... 40,949 40,949 06–D–141 PED/Construction, Uranium Capabilities Replacement Project Y–12 ........... 430,000 430,000 04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy replacement project, LANL .................................. 155,610 155,610 
Total, Construction .................................................................................................................. 660,190 0 0 0 660,190 
Total, Readiness in technical base and facilities .......................................................................... 1,054,481 0 0 –33,371 1,021,110 
Secure transportation asset 
Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... 146,272 –6,272 140,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00387 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.140 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6696 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ....... 105,338 –8,220 97,118 
Total, Secure transportation asset .................................................................................................. 251,610 0 0 –14,492 237,118 
Infrastructure and safety 
Operations of facilities 
Kansas City Plant ............................................................................................................ 10 0,250 100,250 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................... 70,671 70,671 Los Alamos National Laboratory ...................................................................................... 196,460 196 ,460 
Nevada National Security Site ......................................................................................... 89,000 89 ,000 
Pantex ......................................................................................................................... ..... 58,021 58,021 
Sandia National Laboratory ............................................................................................. 115,300 115,300 
Savannah River Site ........................................................................................................ 80,4 63 80,463 
Y–12 National security complex ...................................................................................... 120,625 120 ,625 
Total, Operations of facilities ................................................................................................. 830,790 0 0 0 830,790 
Safety operations .............................................................................................................. ........ 107,701 107,701 
Maintenance .................................................................................................................... .......... 227,000 24,000 25,000 252,000 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... ......... 257,724 150,000 150,000 50,000 307,724 
Construction: 
16–D–621 Substation replacement at TA–3, LANL ........................................................ 25,000 25,000 15–D–613 Emergency Operations Center, Y–12 ............................................................. 17,919 17,919 
Total, Construction .................................................................................................................. 42,919 0 0 0 42,919 
Total, Infrastructure and safety ...................................................................................................... 1,466,134 174,000 150,000 75,000 1,541,134 
Site stewardship 
Nuclear materials integration .................................................................................................. . 17,510 17,510 
Minority serving institution partnerships program .................................................................. 19,085 19,08 5 
Total, Site stewardship ..................................................................................................................... 36,595 0 0 0 36,595 
Defense nuclear security 
Operations and maintenance ................................................................................................... 61 9,891 12,000 12,000 631,891 
Construction: 
14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NV ............................... 13,000 13,000 
Total, Defense nuclear security ...................................................................................................... 632,891 12,000 0 12,000 644,891 
Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... .. 157,588 157,588 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .......... 283,887 283,887 
Total, Weapons Activities .......................................................................................................................... 8,846,948 237,700 180,000 –44,151 8,802,797 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D 
Global material security .................................................................................................. 426,7 51 –90,000 –3,802 422,949 
Material management and minimization ........................................................................ 311,584 20,000 311, 584 
Nonproliferation and arms control .................................................................................. 126,703 126, 703 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D ............................................................................ 419,333 20,000 419,333 
Nonproliferation Construction: 
99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ............................... 345,000 345,000 Analysis of Alternatives .......................................................................................... 0 5,000 5,000  5,000 
Total, Nonproliferation construction ............................................................................. 345,000 0 5,000 5,000 350,000 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs .............................................................. 1,629,371 –50,000 5,000 1,198 1,630,569 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .......... 94,617 94,617 
Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ............................................................... 234,390 11 ,000 234,390 
Use of prior-year balances ..................................................................................................... ........... –18,076 –18,076 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .................................................................................................. 1,940,302 –39,000 5,000 1,198 1,941,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00388 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.140 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6697 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Naval Reactors 
Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... 445,196 445,196 
Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... ......... 444,400 –14,000 430,400 
Ohio replacement reactor systems development ............................................................................... 186, 800 186,800 
S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ............. 133,000 133,000 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................ 45,000 –1,500 43,500 
Construction: 
15–D–904 NRF Overpack Storage Expansion 3 ....................................................................... 900 900 15–D–903 KL Fire System Upgrade ......................................................................................... 600 600  
15–D–902 KS Engineroom team trainer facility ...................................................................... 3,100 3,100 14–D–902 KL Materials characterization laboratory expansion, KAPL .................................... 30,000 30,000 14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ................................................. 86,000 12,000 86,000  
10-D–903, Security upgrades, KAPL ........................................................................................ 500 50 0 
Total, Construction ........................................................................................................................... 121,100 12,000 0 0 121,100 
Total, Naval Reactors ............................................................................................................................... . 1,375,496 12,000 0 –15,500 1,359,996 
Federal Salaries And Expenses 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................ 402,654 –6,000 –14,654 388,000 
Total, Office Of The Administrator ............................................................................................................ 402,654 –6,000 0 –14,654 388,000 
Defense Environmental Cleanup 
Closure sites: 
Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... . 4,889 4,889 
Hanford site: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................. 196,957 72,000 72, 000 268,957 
Central plateau remediation: 
Central plateau remediation ............................................................................................ 555,163 555,163 
Richland community and regulatory support ........................................................................... 14,701 14,7 01 
Construction: 
15–D–401 Containerized sludge removal annex, RL ...................................................... 77,016 77,016 
Total, Hanford site ............................................................................................................................ 843,837 72,000 0 72,000 915,837 
Idaho National Laboratory: 
Idaho cleanup and waste disposition ...................................................................................... 357,78 3 357,783 
Idaho community and regulatory support ................................................................................ 3,000 3,0 00 
Total, Idaho National Laboratory ..................................................................................................... 360,783 0 0 0 360,783 
NNSA sites 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .................................................................................. 1,366 1 ,366 
Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ............. 62,385 62,385 
Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... 2,500 2,500 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ............................................................................................... 18 8,625 20,000 188,625 
Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites .......................................................................................... 254,876 0 20,000 0 254,876 
Oak Ridge Reservation: 
OR Nuclear facility D & D 
OR Nuclear facility D & D ............................................................................................... 75,958 75,958 
Construction: 
14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ............................................... 6,800 6,800 
Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D ............................................................................................ 82,758 0 0 0 82,758 
U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... . 26,895 26,895 
OR cleanup and disposition: 
OR cleanup and disposition ............................................................................................ 60,500 60 ,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00389 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.140 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6698 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Total, OR cleanup and disposition .......................................................................................... 60,500 0 0 0 60,500 
OR reservation community and regulatory support .......................................................................... 4,400 4,400 
Solid waste stabilization and disposition 
Oak Ridge technology development ...................................................................... 2,800 2,800 
Total, Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... 177,353 0 0 0 177,353 
Office of River Protection: 
Waste treatment and immobilization plant 
01–D–416 A-D/ORP-0060 / Major construction .............................................................. 595,000 595,000 01–D–16E Pretreatment facility ...................................................................................... 95,000 95,0 00 
Total, Waste treatment and immobilization plant ................................................................. 690,000 0 0 0 690,000 
Tank farm activities 
Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ...................................................... 649,000 649,000 Construction: 
15–D–409 Low Activity Waste Pretreatment System, Hanford .............................. 75,000 75,000 
Total, Tank farm activities ...................................................................................................... 724,000 0 0 0 724,000 
Total, Office of River protection ..................................................................................................... 1,414,000 0 0 0 1,414,000 
Savannah River sites: 
Savannah River risk management operations ......................................................................... 386,652 11,60 0 3,000 389,652 
SR community and regulatory support ..................................................................................... 11,249 11,249 
Radioactive liquid tank waste: 
Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ......................................... 581,878 581,878 Construction: 
15–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #6 ............................................................... 34,642 34,642 05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River .................................. 194,000 194,000 
Total, Construction ......................................................................................................... 228,642 0 0 0 228,642 
Total, Radioactive liquid tank waste ...................................................................................... 810,520 0 0 0 810,520 
Total, Savannah River site ............................................................................................................... 1,208,421 11,600 0 3,000 1,211,421 
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 
Waste isolation pilot plant .................................................................................................... ... 212,600 212,600 
Construction: 
15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP .......... 23,218 23,218 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP .................................................................... 7,500 7,500 
Total, Construction ................................................................................................ 30,718 0 0 0 30,718 
Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant .................................................................................. 243,318 0 0 0 243,318 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................ 281,951 281,951 
Program support ................................................................................................................ ................ 14,979 14,979 
Safeguards and Security: 
Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ... 17,228 17,228 
Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ............ 8,216 8,216 
Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ........... 8,492 8,492 
Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... ..... 67,601 67,601 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ..... 128,345 128,345 
Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ... 4,860 4,860 
West Valley .................................................................................................................... ............ 1,891 1,891 
Technology development ......................................................................................................... ........... 14,510 4,000 14,510 
Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup ............................................................................................... 5,055,550 87,600 20,000 75,000 5,130,550 
Uranium enrichment D&D fund contribution (Legislative proposal) ................................................ 471,797 –471,797  –471,797 –471,797 0 
Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup .................................................................................................... 5,527,347 –384,197 –451,797 –396,797 5,130,550 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00390 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.140 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6699 September 29, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized Senate 
Authorized Conference 
Change Conference 
Authorized 
Other Defense Activities 
Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ........... 221,855 4,200 –3,903 217,952 
Environment, health, safety and security 
Environment, health, safety and security ................................................................................ 120,693  120,693 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ....... 63,105 63,105 
Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ............................................................................ 183,798 0 0 0 183,798 
Enterprise assessments 
Enterprise assessments ......................................................................................................... ... 24,068 24,068 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ....... 49,466 49,466 
Total, Enterprise assessments ......................................................................................................... 73,534 0 0 0 73,534 
Office of Legacy Management 
Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ... 154,080 154,080 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ....... 13,100 13,100 
Total, Office of Legacy Management .............................................................................................. 167,180 0 0 0 167,180 
Defense-related activities 
Defense related administrative support 
Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ....... 35,758 35,758 
Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... .... 83,800 83,800 
Management ..................................................................................................................... ........ 3,000 3,000 
Total, Defense related administrative support ............................................................................... 122,558 0 0 0 122,558 
Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ....... 5,500 5,500 
Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................ 774,425 4,200 0 –3,903 770,522 
Total, Other Defense Activities ................................................................................................................. 774,425 4,200 0 –3,903 770,522 
From the Committee on Armed Services, for 
consideration of the House bill and the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
M
ACTHORNBERRY , 
J. R ANDY FORBES , 
JEFFMILLER , 
JOEWILSON , 
FRANK A. L OBIONDO , 
MICHAEL R. T URNER , 
JOHNKLINE, 
MIKEROGERS , 
BILLSHUSTER , 
K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
DOUGLAMBORN , 
ROBERT J. W ITTMAN , 
DUNCAN HUNTER , 
VICKY HARTZLER , 
JOSEPH J. H ECK, 
BRADWENSTRUP , 
ELISE M. S TEFANIK , 
MADELEINE Z. B ORDALLO , 
As additional conferees, from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for con-sideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
PETER T. K ING, 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consid-eration of secs. 571 and 573 of the House bill and secs. 561–63 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
T
ODDROKITA , 
MIKEBISHOP , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 314, 632, 634, 3111–13, 3119, 3133, and 3141 of the House bill and secs. 601, 632, 3118, and 3119 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: F
REDUPTON , 
JOEBARTON , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 1011, 1059, 1090, 1092, 1201, 1203–05, 1215, 1221, 1223, 1226, 1234–36, 1247–49, 1253, 1257, 1263, 1264, 1267, 1270, 1301, 1532, 1541, 1542, 1663, 1668–70, 2802, 3118, and 3119 of the House bill and secs. 1011, 1012, 1082, 1201–05, 1207, 1209, 1223, 1225, 
1228, 1251, 1252, 1261, 1264, 1265, 1272, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, 1631, 1654, and 1655 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
TOMMARINO , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Homeland Security, for consideration of secs. 589 and 1041 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
CANDICE S. M ILLER , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of secs. 1040, 1052, 1085, 1216, 1641, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 1032, 1034, 1090, and 1227 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
DARRELL E. ISSA, 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 312, 632, 634, 2841, 2842, 2851–53, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 313, 601, and 632 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
P
AULCOOK, 
CRESENT HARDY , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of secs. 602, 631, 634, 838, 854, 855, 866, 871, 1069, and 1101–05 of the House bill and secs. 592, 593, 631, 806, 830, 861, 1090, 1101, 
1102, 1104, 1105, 1107–09, 1111, 1112, 1114, and 1115 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: 
W
ILLHURD, 
STEVE RUSSELL , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Rules, for consideration of sec. 1032 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
P
ETESESSIONS , 
BRADLEY BYRNE , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for con-sideration of sec. 3136 of the House bill and sec. 1613 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
F
RANK D. L UCAS , 
STEPHEN KNIGHT , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Small Business, for consideration of secs. 831–34, 839, 840, 842–46, 854, and 871 of the House bill and secs. 828, 831, 882, 883, and 885 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
S
TEVE CHABOT , 
RICHARD L. H ANNA , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of secs. 302, 562, 569, 570a, 591, 1060a, 1073, 2811, and 3501 of the House bill and secs. 601, 642, 1613, 3504, and 3505 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
G
ARRET GRAVES , 
CARLOS CURBELO , 
As additional conferees, from the Committee on Veterans Affairs, for consideration of secs. 565, 566, 592, 652, 701, 721, 722, 1105, and 1431 of the House bill and secs. 539, 605, 633, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00391 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.140 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6700 September 29, 2015 
719, 1083, 1084, 1089, 1091, and 1411 of the Sen-
ate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
D
AVID P. R OE, 
GUSM. B ILIRAKIS , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
JOHNMCCAIN, 
JAMES M. I NHOFE , 
JEFFSESSIONS , 
ROGER F. W ICKER , 
KELLY AYOTTE , 
DEBFISCHER , 
TOMCOTTON , 
MIKEROUNDS , 
LINDSEY GRAHAM , 
JOEDONNELLY , 
TIMKAINE, 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
f 
NO SANCTIONS RELIEF FOR IRAN 
WITHOUT PAYMENT TO U.S. VIC-TIMS OF TERRORISM 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, 
when economic sanctions were lifted on Libya a decade ago, the United States secured an agreement that the Qadhafi regime compensate victims of terror attacks, such as the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland. 
Today Iran, a state sponsor of terror, 
owes more than $43 billion in damages to victims of Iranian-sponsored ter-rorism from over 80 different court-or-
dered decisions. Not 1 cent has been paid by Iran. And, yet, the President is moving forward to lift economic sanc-tions, giving Iran a $100 billion windfall without compensating terrorist vic-tims. 
Madam Speaker, we should make 
sure that American victims of Iranian terror receive their judgments before any economic sanctions are lifted. We need to pass the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act to ensure that Iran will not see any sanctions relief until it first pays the money they owe to the families of Americans killed by Iranian-sponsored terrorism. 
f 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT IMPROVE-
MENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
(Mr. YOUNG of Indiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Speaker, I will just cut to the chase. We are all aware of the boondoggle that is the Denver, Colorado, VA med-ical facility construction project. 
The ongoing Denver veterans’ hos-
pital project has nearly tripled in ini-tial VA cost projections. It is more than $1 billion over budget, which is a gross disservice to our veterans during a time of scarce resources. 
Section 502 of this legislation inserts 
basic project management require-ments, like those I learned as a man-agement consultant, over certain so- called super-construction projects at the VA, like the Denver facility. Sadly, project costs and schedule 
overruns aren’t unique to the VA, but they exist throughout the Federal Gov-ernment. That is why I have intro-duced the Project Management Im-provement and Accountability Act. This legislation would instill basic project management principles throughout all levels of the Federal Government, ensuring taxpayers save much-needed money during this down economy. 
f 
SYRIAN PRESIDENT BASHAR AL- 
ASSAD MUST GO 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
as our eyes turn toward New York both in terms of the Pope’s visit last week and his call for us to address the man-datory needs of refugees around the world, in the last 24 hours, we heard from the President of Russia, Mr. Putin, and our President on Syria. 
I think it is important for this Con-
gress to begin to look again at a man by the name of Assad, who is not only poisoning his own people, but bombing hospitals and ambulances and creating a situation of devastation. I think the President is correct that Assad must go, and there must be a reconciliation as to how that proceeds. 
To Mr. Putin, who has a stake in this 
area, through Syria, you have to come with the world family and begin to think of those who are suffering. We can work together, but Assad cannot stay. We must find a way for the good people of Syria to be able to return in peace and justice and equality. 
The United Nations must take a 
stand. We must come together in this Congress, working with the President and working with world leaders to re-store tranquility and peace to this re-gion with Assad gone and certainly ISIL done away with, if you will, to provide stability in the area. 
f 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
STEFANIK ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. TONKO. Madam Speaker, undeni-
ably, the issue that we hear about the most in our districts across America is the need to create a climate that grows jobs to allow the dignity of work to be realized by our constituents and to en-able them to earn a sound paycheck. 
We can ill-afford to play games with 
the jobs agenda. We need to do every-thing within our power to be able to provide for those resources and develop those policies that will create that cli-mate that grows private sector jobs and enables public sector jobs to ad-minister the services that we require as a Nation. For years, I have been coming to this 
floor, speaking with great fervor about the Make It In America agenda, mak-ing certain that we take great pride in that opportunity that we, as a Nation, have always embraced: the pioneer spirit, the innovation that challenges us today. 
That Make It In America agenda has 
many, many needs. I have spoken to the need for implementing sound man-ufacturing policies, retrofitting our centers of employment, our manufac-turing centers, so that they can com-pete with cutting-edge technology on their side. 
I have advanced the concern and the 
issue of funding research, making cer-tain that we do things smarter, which will enable us to be more competitive in those economic sweepstakes on an international scale. 
I have focused on STEM education, 
making certain in this innovation economy that we have those scientists, technology-driven types, engineers, math majors, that can take us forward with the sort of skills and talent that we require. 
I have talked about improving our in-
frastructure to make certain that com-merce’s demands for sound infrastruc-ture will be met so that they can ship their products and transport their products. I have talked about the need to grow our exports as a Nation. 
Well, I believe this can be boiled 
down to a simple message. The idea is to make more, use less, and sell it ev-erywhere, in other words, promote do-mestic manufacturing, enhance our ef-ficiency—energy efficiency and, across the board, all types of efficiency—and then enable us to then export Amer-ican-made goods. 
Well, this trio has been hindered of 
late because of a refusal to reauthorize in this House the Export-Import Bank, which is a great service that allows for loans, loan guarantees, and can stand as an insurance policy, a government creditor, for contracts when bid upon by our private sector industries and businesses. That damage, that delay, had been troublesome. 
I have come to this floor many times. 
I have joined with my colleagues in press conferences. I have invoked our leadership to bring the measure to the floor because I think, if we do, it passes. 
I have talked also about signing on. I 
have signed onto petitions to dis-charge, to make certain, again, that we raise the public consciousness to this growing concern of lacking the reau-thorization of our Export-Import Bank. 
Well, the damage came and hit my 
district. I would say to America we in Congress, this House and its leadership, are playing with fire because now we have a major corporation—in this case, GE in my district—that will be transitioning hundreds, 500 or more, jobs to France because of the lack of an Export-Import Bank here. 
There are some 84, 85 Export-Import 
Banks around the world. Some 60-plus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00392 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.141 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6701 September 29, 2015 
nations have this concept at their 
grasp. So the French Government has authorized the Export-Import Bank to be utilized by GE. 
Now I witness hundreds of jobs in my 
own district that will be transferred to another set of workers, damaging the American Dream of people that I rep-resent. This is unthinkable, unthink-able. 
This could be avoided. All it takes is 
a simple exercise to bring an issue to the floor, bring the bill to the floor, of which I am a cosponsor, and act on it. I believe wholeheartedly that, in a bi-partisan fashion, that measure would pass. 
So tonight we are going to use these 
minutes to advocate for the Export-Im-port Bank, to have that vote brought to the floor. We will begin with the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
who is a friend, a leader in our House, and is our minority whip. 
Representative S
TENY HOYER , thank 
you for joining us this evening. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. T ONKO ) has been a lead-
er on our agenda of Make It In Amer-ica. It is a jobs plan which has included reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank as a way of helping our businesses and workers compete on a level playing field internationally. 
Since the bank’s charter expired on 
July 1, many small- and medium-sized exporters have been left without a crit-ical resource, forced to compete with foreign companies that have the sup-port of more than 80 foreign export credit agencies. 
Uncertainty over the bank’s future 
has already led businesses to announce jobs being moved overseas. My friend from New York talked about General Electric moving hundreds of jobs from his district and other districts as well. 
Jeff Immelt, the president and CEO 
of GE, was here. He talked to Demo-crats and Republicans and said: You are hurting American jobs. Yet, we do not have the Export-Import Bank reau-thorization on the floor even though, Madam Speaker, it enjoys a majority support in this House. 
We have heard a number of very 
sound arguments for why Congress ought to pass a multi-year reauthoriza-tion of the Export-Import Bank with-out further delay. 
One of those, Madam Speaker, came 
from Chamber of Commerce CEO Tom Donohue, who wrote on September 17— this is the Chamber of Commerce presi-dent, not S
TENY HOYER , the democratic 
leader. 
He said this: Every major trading na-
tion has an export credit agency like Ex-Im. . . . Failure to reauthorize Ex- Im would amount to unilateral disar-mament in the face of other govern-ments’ far more aggressive export cred-it agencies. He went on to say: Amer-ican companies are being forced to compete with one hand tied behind their back. Another comes from 28 Governors on 
a bipartisan basis who sent a letter to us and said this: Failure to act—mean-ing failure to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank—will place American in-dustries at a significant disadvantage in the global marketplace and harm businesses in our States. 
The Governors, bipartisan, said: We 
strongly urge you—we, the Congress; we, the House of Representatives—to pass a long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. 
Let me add, Madam Speaker, another 
voice to this discussion as well. That is the voice of Speaker B
OEHNER , who 
said in April: There are thousands of jobs on the line that would disappear pretty quickly if the Ex-Im Bank were to disappear. The Speaker has also said, when he took office, that the House ought to work its will. 
Madam Speaker, the votes are on the 
floor of this House to pass the reau-thorization. Republicans and Demo-crats are working together to help cre-ate American jobs, retain American jobs, grow our economy, and be com-petitive internationally. It is now time to put the principle into practice of let-ting the House work its will. 
Sixty Republican Members of this 
House have cosponsored a bill to reau-thorize the Ex-Im Bank. 
b1645 
If you add up the 180-plus Democrats 
who have signed a discharge petition and those 60 Republicans, you get to 240. You only need 218, so clearly we have the votes to pass it. 
I say to the Speaker and the major-
ity leader, the House’s will is clear. The effects of allowing the Ex-Im shut-down to continue are clear: more and more jobs being sent overseas. Our re-sponsibility as the representatives of thousands of businesses and workers is very clear. Bring the Export-Import Bank to the floor for a vote. 
I want to thank Ranking Member 
M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member 
GWEN MOORE , and Representative 
DENNY HECKfor their continued leader-
ship on this issue. I want to thank my friend Representative T
ONKO from New 
York for leading today’s Special Order on such a critically important issue, an issue that we all speak to, that we all say we are committed to, that we all say we want to work towards, and that is creating jobs for Americans in Amer-ica. I thank my friend from New York. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman 
from Maryland for his voice on this issue. 
It is clear that the Democrats in this 
House are staunchly for reauthoriza-tion of this concept. When people talk about the tools in the toolkit that are required, growing exports is a very im-portant part of the equation for eco-nomic recovery and economic growth. 
This concept of an Export-Import 
Bank reduces the deficit by some $675 million, at last annual count, and grows jobs to the tune of 164,000, per the last count. So reduce the deficit and grow jobs; isn’t that the mantra 
that we hear time and time again from folks who represent all of America in this House of Representatives? It stands to reason that we bring the bill to the floor for a vote. 
America should not tolerate this. 
The business community, the com-merce voices of this Nation, from chambers of commerce across this country is resonating with we the Democrats in this House. We need re-authorization of the Export-Import Bank. What don’t we understand? Let’s go forward and encourage that that vote be taken very, very soon. 
One of the people that I get to serve 
with is a longtime friend. We have served in the New York State Assem-bly together, and we now serve here in the United States House of Representa-tives together. We have been very con-cerned about job growth in New York State and, in particular, along that manufacturing corridor called the Erie Canal which gave birth to a number of mill towns that then became epicenters of invention and innovation. Today they stand as inspiration as to how to speak to that pioneer spirit that is within our DNA as a nation. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from New 
York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), my good friend. 
Thank you for sharing your thoughts this evening. Thank you for joining us. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Thank you, Mr. 
T
ONKO . I am delighted to be here with 
you. 
Mr. T ONKO has pointed out that he 
and I were elected to the New York State Assembly on the same day. We have worked diligently while we were there for the people of New York to try to better their lot, and it is so wonder-ful now that we are working for all 50 States and New York, again, in mind. The people who sent us here knew that we stood for things like the Ex-Im Bank, knew that we understood that if we did not have a strong economy, we couldn’t do much of anything else in our district like provide a good edu-cation and health care, and that the economy was the backbone of what we are doing. 
I appreciate your yielding me this 
time to discuss the importance of the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. T
ONKO , it is incredible to me, 
frankly, that we should have to come to the House floor to call for the Ex-Im Bank’s reauthorization. It is an impor-tant agency that has worked to ensure a level playing field around the world for the United States exporters for more than 80 years. Last year alone, Ex-Im supported 164,000 United States jobs through $20.5 billion in export in-surance, loans, and loan guarantees, and all while returning $675 million to taxpayers, because it is essentially a revolving fund which is paid for by the user fees. So here we have an agency sponsored by the government costing us basically nothing, putting money back into the Treasury, which makes companies eligible to be able to sell their goods throughout the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00393 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.052 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6702 September 29, 2015 
Now, my district of Rochester, New 
York, is home to advanced manufactur-ers on the cutting edge of research and development, and we do need the Ex-Im Bank to help market our products worldwide. The Ex-Im has supported 685 jobs and $158 million in exports in Rochester since 2010. In June, I toured Lumetrics, which is a leading Roch-ester manufacturing firm that Ex-Im has helped support the sales of preci-sion instrument gauges to customers in 14 countries. 
Now, unfortunately, since June 30, 
manufacturers like this in Rochester and across the country have lost a val-uable tool and many nights’ sleep be-cause a handful of members of the House majority are blocking the Ex- Im’s reauthorization for reasons we cannot divine. As Mr. H
OYER pointed 
out, we have Governors, the Chamber of Commerce, people all over this coun-try, as well as corporations, telling us that this won’t do. 
We are now starting to see the effects 
of this misguided policy. As stated be-fore, General Electric announced that it was shipping 500 jobs abroad because other countries are willing to provide the financing help that we no longer will. Boeing has lost two major sat-ellite contracts to foreign competitors because of the Ex-Im Bank. Those are two of our largest employers. I am even more concerned with the hundreds of small manufacturers and thousands of employees whose jobs are now at risk without the Ex-Im Bank’s support, and for no reason that we can come up with. 
I call on the House leadership to 
bring a reauthorization bill to the floor. It would pass without question and would allow this Ex-Im Bank to get back to the important work of helping to create quality, American jobs. 
I thank you so much, Mr. T
ONKO , not 
only for putting this together, but for the extraordinary work that you have done here and in Albany to better the life of the people we serve. 
Mr. TONKO. You are most welcome. I 
thank the gentlewoman from New York for lending her voice to this dis-cussion. 
As was made mention by the gentle-
woman from New York, many small businesses, startups, innovative types, entrepreneurs, and medium-sized busi-nesses utilize the Export-Import Bank. This is not just a tool for large indus-try. When we look at something like GE, when people say: ‘‘Well, doesn’t a large business, an industry like that, sit upon enough funds to make this happen, to make this contract work?’’ they required for this contract on which they bid to have a government creditor to back up this bid. That means the Export-Import Bank. 
There are certain elements of this 
concept that are utilized for different contracts, and in this case, the govern-ment creditor status of the Export-Im-port Bank made the deal possible for GE. So, with that, we now move to a good 
friend, a very rigorous voice for his constituents in Minnesota and a very aggressive voice for job creation across this country. 
Representative N
OLAN , thank you for 
joining us for this Special Order. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N OLAN ). 
Mr. NOLAN. Thank you, Mr. T ONKO . 
I want to commend you. There is no 
more powerful and articulate advocate for good jobs—protecting good jobs and creating new jobs—in this Congress than you, yourself, Mr. T
ONKO . 
In that regard, I would be remiss if I 
didn’t also commend Representative H
ECKfor some of his important leader-
ship on this important issue, and Mr. H
OYER for his buy American initia-
tives. 
Mr. T ONKO , as you and perhaps others 
know, I spent 32 years of my life in business as an owner and operator of a sawmill, a pallet factory, and an export trading company. In the process, you learn a few things. One is I learned that you expand an economy, you cre-ate new wealth, and you create new jobs in three important ways: 
One is through innovation and dis-
covery, developing new products and putting them out in the marketplace. Another is by providing financial in-centives for people to invest in new products and new business. Thirdly, you do it by exporting those products to the rest of the world. That is one of the ways you bring some of your wealth back into your country. 
That is one of the reasons why it is 
so vital and that it is so important. That is what the Export-Import Bank is all about, as you pointed out so elo-quently, especially for small- and me-dium-sized companies; because the fact is the big companies, the big multi-nationals that are based here in the United States, they have got offices all over the world. They have got relation-ships with all the international bank-ing institutions. They have got all the resources that they need to qualify a buyer or to provide the financing for the production and the sale of their product. 
But the small- and the medium-sized 
companies don’t have those kind of re-sources. They don’t have those same kind of advantages. Yet they may be small and medium-sized by American standards, but by world standards, they are still big, good-sized companies, and they have got good products the rest of the world wants and the rest of the world needs, things that can improve the life of people all over the world. 
To succeed in exporting, again, as 
you have pointed out, they need some help, and they need some support iden-tifying and qualifying a customer. They don’t have those offices around the world. Their local banks don’t have those kind of offices around the world, so it makes it more difficult for them to secure the financing, to qualify the buyers, and to expand their sales into that export market. That is where the Ex-Im Bank comes in. The Export-Im-
port Bank provides all of these essen-tial services. 
That is why the banking community 
supports a reauthorization. That is why the National Manufacturers Asso-ciation supports reauthorization, and that is why the National Chamber of Commerce supports this reauthoriza-tion. Anybody that knows anything about businesses and creating jobs sup-ports the reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank. 
Again, as you pointed out, there is 
bipartisan support for this here if the Speaker would just allow us to have a vote on this because the American Ex-port-Import Bank helps American busi-nesses expand their export operations, increase their profits, and create all kinds of good-paying jobs. 
Last year alone, Ex-Im was respon-
sible for supporting 164,000 jobs. That is a remarkable, remarkable accomplish-ment. In my own district, there are at least a dozen companies that are using the Export-Import Bank to support their export sales creating hundreds of good jobs. They exported some of the world’s finest products. In fact, Cirrus Aircraft in Duluth, Minnesota, one of our Nation’s premier aircraft manufac-turers, exports more than 30 percent of their products, and they rely on the Ex-Im Bank. 
Remember—remember—as you point-
ed out, just as importantly, the Ex-port-Import Bank doesn’t cost the tax-payers a penny. The companies, the local bankers, all the parties to these transactions pay a fee for their serv-ices, and those fees pay for the Bank’s operations. It is an incredible oper-ation. Over the last two decades, the Ex-Im Bank has contributed over $7 billion to deficit reduction from the profits they made through this. 
We should have more government en-
tities that can do this. However fortu-nate we are, Mr. Speaker, to have banking services like this and enjoy such broad support from both those who are concerned about reducing the deficit and from those who are con-cerned about expanding export sales, expanding business opportunities, and creating new jobs, that is what the Ex-port-Import Bank does. It creates jobs, it expands opportunities, and it reduces the deficit. 
Yet for reasons that truly defy expla-
nation, there are elements in this Con-gress that oppose reauthorizing the Ex-port-Import Bank and all the good that it does for business in reducing deficit. 
So I applaud you, and I call on my 
colleagues to come to their good bipar-tisan senses and do what needs to be done here. Let’s get this Export-Import Bank up and running again, growing our economy, creating good jobs, sup-porting our entrepreneurs, and bring-ing down the deficit. 
Mr. T
ONKO , thank you so much for 
this Special Order and all the work you are doing to help bring this about and make it happen. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00394 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.054 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6703 September 29, 2015 
We have very little time remaining, 
so we are going to reach to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) and 
the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K AP-
TUR) to offer a close here. 
We thank Representative L IPINSKI for 
joining us this evening on a very im-portant topic. Thank you for your strong voice in this matter. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
b1700 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Thank you, Mr. 
TONKO . 
I will just take a short time here to 
add my voice in strong support of reau-thorizing the Export-Import Bank. It has been 3 months since the Bank’s charter ended, and American compa-nies and workers are suffering. 
Mr. T
ONKO , you had mentioned what 
GE has recently done. We see manufac-turing jobs being shipped overseas due to the inability of corporations and small businesses to access vital guar-antees and financing. Every major trading nation in the world, other than the U.S. right now offers export financ-ing. Without it, our manufacturers and workers are at a competitive disadvan-tage, something we cannot afford. 
In 2014 alone, the Ex-Im Bank fi-
nanced over $27 billion of exports and supported 164,000 jobs in the U.S., all while generating a $675 million surplus. When we are looking for money, the Ex-Im Bank generated a large surplus. 
The Bank is vital to supporting small 
businesses. Nearly 90 percent of Ex-Im Bank transactions directly support small businesses. We need small busi-ness to succeed in this Nation if this Nation is going to succeed. Small busi-nesses create the large majority of the jobs in this country. Small businesses need the Ex-Im Bank. 
So it is time to reauthorize the Bank 
and support American jobs in manufac-turing. We cannot wait any longer. We need to bring this to the floor, get this done, and get more Americans back to work. 
Thank you very much, Mr. T
ONKO , 
for your work on this. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. L IPINSKI ) for joining 
us on this very important topic. 
Finally, we will go to the gentle-
woman from Ohio, (Ms. K APTUR ), who 
is such a strong voice for American jobs, American workers, and hits hard at that agenda. 
It is not surprising to see you on the 
floor to join us in this effort. Welcome, Representative K
APTUR . 
Ms. KAPTUR. Thank you so much, 
Congressman T ONKO , for bringing us to-
gether and, as always, helping to be a vanguard for jobs in America and the importance of reauthorizing the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today 3 months 
after my Republican colleagues in the majority have failed, failed, failed in their responsibility to guard our econ-omy by not reauthorizing the Export- Import Bank. Since 2009 alone, the Ex- Im Bank has supported over 1.3 million 
jobs in our country. Yet today, it has been put into idle, in limbo, as Repub-licans let it wither on the vine. 
Reauthorizing the Bank means jobs— 
let me repeat, jobs—here in America. Because when exports increase to other countries, American companies hire more workers to meet the added global demand. 
Anyone serving in Congress who 
doesn’t understand how important— vital—the Export-Import Bank is to jobs in America and to financing those exports to other nations shouldn’t be serving here. You can’t live in a cave and hope to compete globally. 
Of special note, the Export-Import 
Bank pays for itself, contributing $675 million alone in 2014 and nearly $7 bil-lion over the last 20 years to the U.S. Treasury. It is well-managed and has an extremely low default rate. Yet today, at a time when America needs more jobs to keep growing, the Repub-lican majority has shifted the country again into idle. 
More than 50 countries have an Ex-
port-Import Bank—I won’t go through them all, China, Japan, Brazil, and Canada—many of our biggest trading partners. In many markets like Mex-ico, we can’t move our products in there without the Export-Import Bank. 
Ask Superior Products in Cleveland, 
Ohio, or A.J. Rose Manufacturing in Cleveland. Or how about First Solar in Perrysburg, Ohio; 98 percent of its ex-ports are tied to Export-Import Bank financing. 
Republicans have really put us on the 
brink of losing thousands more jobs in our country. Look at General Electric and what it just did. It decided because they didn’t have Ex-Im Bank financing, they are going to move their oper-ations to Britain and hire 1,000 people. Now, how backwards is that kind of thinking? It could not be any clearer that the shutdown of the Export-Im-port Bank will cost us so many jobs in this country. 
And how demoralizing to people who 
fight for American jobs and American workers every day. What we know here, and we have seen it operate last week and this week, an extreme wing of the Republican Party has ignored warnings from their colleagues—lead-ing economists, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and countless other organi-zations—as they hold hostage the Ex-port-Import Bank, frankly, for reasons no rational person can understand. They are even ignoring its charter and the immeasurable good it does for this country and the ability of our compa-nies to compete in foreign markets which are so difficult—so difficult—for them to leap over and to get over the walls, the barriers, that prevent our products from going abroad. 
It is our desire that American compa-
nies will be able to compete and win. We try for it every day. That is why many of us ran for office. And to have this kind of wrench thrown in the wheel of progress, of economic progress, for our country is something 
that any rational American simply can’t understand. It doesn’t have to be this way. 
I thank the gentleman so very much 
for his time. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentle-
woman from Ohio for her insight and her powerful statement. 
It is very clear, it is very straight-
forward: support American workers; support small business; support export-ing of American manufactured goods; support industry. Let’s grow our econ-omy. 
We are going to close with a very 
forceful voice, one with great passion, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), who also has been impacted by 
this failure to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank. Representative M
OORE , 
thank you so much. It is an honor to serve with you. Thank you for being here. 
Ms. MOORE. Thank you Representa-
tive T
ONKO . I want to associate myself 
with all the comments from my great colleague, M
ARCY KAPTUR . 
Mr. Speaker, I can tell you, when I 
was elected to Congress, no one could have paid me to believe that we would be on this floor fighting the Republican Party to prevent them from basically neutering the economic progress of business here. And this is what has happened. 
As the gentlewoman from Ohio just 
mentioned, GE, very close to my dis-trict, announced plans to leave our re-gion, 350 jobs and 400 suppliers that they have notified that they are mov-ing their facility plants to Canada. They say that the suppliers generate almost $47 million in revenue in Wis-consin alone—$47 million in Wisconsin alone. But they are leaving, they say, because they desperately cannot make the deals work without financing from the Export-Import Bank. 
And many people have said, oh, they 
wanted to do this anyway and they are using it as an excuse, but GE says that this is the main reason, that they con-tinue to urge Congress to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank because it is a very, very competitive world. And in a slow growth and volatile world, they have got to go where the markets are; they have got to compete in 170 countries. 
And so I just wanted to express my 
grief, my condolences, to the 350 em-ployees, to the entire supply chain, and to recognize that once again—once again—policies of this misguided Re-publican majority are going to increase the misery index among the people who live in my region. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentle-
woman from Wisconsin. 
We have exhausted our time here this 
afternoon, but I will state clearly, we cannot afford to dull the competitive edge of American business, American industry. We cannot afford to impact negatively the American worker. We should not suffocate the American 
Dream simply by this recalcitrance, this determination to shut down an Ex-port-Import Bank that has helped as a tool in the toolkit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00395 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.055 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6704 September 29, 2015 
Allow us to be strong. Allow us to be 
competitive, robustly competitive. Re-authorize the Export-Import Bank. The damage is already beginning to hit home across this great Nation. We must do better. The American worker deserves our support. American busi-ness and industry deserves our support. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2051. An act to amend the Agricul-
tural Market Act of 1946 to extend the live-stock mandatory price reporting require-ments, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 5 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 30, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2961. A letter from the Acting Congres-
sional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Importation of Kiwi From Chile Into the United States [Docket No.: APHIS-2014-0002] (RIN: 0579-AD98) re-ceived September 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
2962. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Fed-eral Awards (RIN: 1991-AB94) received Sep-tember 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2963. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of the General Coun-sel, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Single Package Vertical Air Condi-tioners and Single Package Vertical Heat Pumps [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-STD-0041] (RIN: 1904-AC85) received September 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2964. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Human Rights Report for International Military Education and Training Recipients for Cal-endar Year 2014’’, in accordance with Sec. 549 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
2965. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s 2014 annual report on activities under the Enterprise for the Americas Initiative and the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998, in accord-ance with Sec. 614 of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act (7 U.S.C. 1738m); Sec. 710 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2430i); and Sec. 813 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2431k), as amended; jointly to the Commit-tees on Foreign Affairs and Agriculture. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee of Con-
ference. Conference report on H.R. 1735. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–270). Ordered to be print-ed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. V ELA, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H OYER , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. L EE, Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. C OLE, Ms. P INGREE , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R IGELL , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
VISCLOSKY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California): 
H.R. 3635. A bill to provide for the com-
pensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California 
(for herself and Mr. N
ADLER ): 
H.R. 3636. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to allow labor organiza-tions and management organizations to re-ceive the results of visa petitions about which such organizations have submitted ad-
visory opinions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. L
EE, 
and Mr. M CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 3637. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide for payment for Medicaid services furnished by Ryan White part C grantees under a cost-based prospective payment system; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 3638. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to prescribe rules regulating inmate telephone and video serv-ice rates, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. 
R
IBBLE ): 
H.R. 3639. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to designate certain med-ical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs as health professional shortage areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N OR-
TON, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 3640. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a Mental Health Awareness Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. 
M
CDERMOTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , and Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 3641. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to ensure health insur-ance coverage continuity for former foster youth; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BORDALLO: 
H.R. 3642. A bill to provide for increased 
flexibility in the extension of the Social Se-curity program to Guam; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. 
I
SSA, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. C ULBER -
SON, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
CARTER of Texas): 
H.R. 3643. A bill to amend the Nuclear 
Waste Policy Act of 1982 to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts for the storage of certain high-level radio-active waste and spent nuclear fuel, take title to certain high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, and make certain ex-penditures from the Nuclear Waste Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3644. A bill to authorize grants for 
data collection for use in stock assessments of red snapper and other reef fish species in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00396 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE7.057 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6705 September 29, 2015 
the South Atlantic, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 3645. A bill to amend the Migratory 
Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp Act to give the Secretary of the Interior, with the approval of the Migratory Bird Conservation 
Commission, the authority to periodically increase the price of Migratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamps to account for in-flation in funding the acquisition of interests in land for the conservation of migratory birds, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. R OHRABACHER , and 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina): 
H.R. 3646. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
State to submit to Congress a report on the designation of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as a foreign terrorist organiza-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. 
P
EARCE ): 
H.R. 3647. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide that United States citizens’ sons and daughters with mental or physical disabilities be considered immediate relatives for purposes of exemp-tion from numerical limitations on visas issued to such sons and daughters; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and 
Mrs. L
OWEY ): 
H.R. 3648. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require the label of drugs intended for human use to con-tain a parenthetical statement identifying the source of any ingredient constituting or derived from a grain or starch-containing in-gredient; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 3649. A bill to amend titles 10, 32, and 
37 of the United States Code to authorize the establishment of units of the National Guard in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3650. A bill to authorize States to se-
lect and acquire certain National Forest Sys-tem lands to be managed and operated by the State for timber production and other pur-poses under the laws of the State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. 
B
ABIN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OKITA , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S AM JOHNSON of 
Texas, and Mr. B RADY of Texas): 
H.J. Res. 67. A joint resolution dis-
approving a rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Car-bon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Exist-ing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. 
B
ABIN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OKITA , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S AM JOHNSON of 
Texas, and Mr. B RADY of Texas): 
H.J. Res. 68. A joint resolution dis-
approving a rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Re-constructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. ROBY: 
H. Con. Res. 79. Concurrent resolution di-
recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY ): 
H. Res. 447. A resolution calling upon the 
President to use the United States’ voice and vote in the United Nations Security Council to condemn the ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, and other religious com-munities by Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant militants as crimes against humanity, to prosecute all perpetrators and those complicit in these crimes, and to support other United Nations member states pros-ecuting these perpetrators and those complicit; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BEYER: 
H.R. 3635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Con-
stitution of the United States (the appro-priation power) 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: 
H.R. 3636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution [which] provides that Congress shall have power to establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization. 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 3637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 3638. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have 
Power To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;’’ 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce 
. . . among the several States . . .’’ 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 3639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: 
H.R. 3640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. BASS: 
H.R. 3641. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 1. 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Ms. BORDALLO: 
H.R. 3642. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV Section 3 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 3643. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 3—To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 3645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘Congress 
shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 3647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:50 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00397 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29SE7.100 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6706 September 29, 2015 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 3648. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 3649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land and naval forces; and to pro-vide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3650. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.J. Res. 67. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, clause 2, which grants 
each House of Congress authority to deter-mine the Rules of its Proceedings. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.J. Res. 68. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, clause 2, which grants 
each House of Congress authority to deter-mine the Rules of its Proceedings. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 69: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 213: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 244: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 267: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 341: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 343: Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 379: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 461: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 528: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 539: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. G ALLEGO , and Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 583: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 592: Mr. Y ODER and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 662: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 699: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 771: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 815: Mr. Y ODER and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 842: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 845: Mr. K ILDEE and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 846: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 865: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 871: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 879: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 885: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. R UIZ, and 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 924: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 953: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K INGof New 
York, and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 990: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mrs. 
DINGELL . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 1090: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
H.R. 1178: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. C LEAVER and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
DOGGETT , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. J ENKINS of 
West Virginia, Ms. K USTER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. 
AGUILAR . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1417: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1441: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. Y ODER and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
AGUILAR . 
H.R. 1523: Mr. W ALZand Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1600: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
GRIFFITH , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. J OR-
DAN. 
H.R. 1686: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1726: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. H ARPER , and 
Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1748: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. H ECK of 
Washington. 
H.R. 1761: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. J ENKINS of 
West Virginia. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1886: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 2077: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2083: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. 
ZINKE. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 2169: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2254: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2257: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2287: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2291: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G IB-
SON, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. 
DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2355: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2442: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2546: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2622: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2657: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2694: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 2697: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2730: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2744: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2785: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
BURGESS , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2855: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. 
GARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2894: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2902: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2906: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2916: Ms. N ORTON and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2923: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 2977: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2980: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3012: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
FARR. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 3060: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3095: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3166: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 3178: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3179: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3183: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 3193: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 3220: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 3229: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 3237: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3255: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3298: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. L ONG and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . 
H.R. 3337: Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
HASTINGS . 
H.R. 3355: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. G ALLEGO and Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN . 
H.R. 3365: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3378: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 3411: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 3412: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M CNERNEY , and 
Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 3423: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 3457: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
MCHENRY , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
PALMER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. L ONG, and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 3463: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3466: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3473: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 3480: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 3491: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 3495: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and 
Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. K LINE and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3517: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 3520: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3530: Ms. B ASSand Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 3531: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 3537: Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 3543: Ms. M OORE , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 3557: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 3558: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3559: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 3566: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 3577: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3598: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 3611: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
KING of New York, Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B OST, Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. 
KATKO . 
H.R. 3623: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3628: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mr. C OOK, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. 
JONES . 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. W EBER of Texas and 
Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , 
and Mr. G OSAR . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. S ARBANES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:50 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00398 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.004 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6707 September 29, 2015 
H. Res. 259: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. K NIGHT , and 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H. Res. 277: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. 
POLIS. 
H. Res. 354: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Ms. 
MATSUI , and Mr. M ARINO . H. Res. 422: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
H. Res. 423: Mr. O LSON and Mr. L ATTA . H. Res. 429: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. 
H. Res. 431: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H. Res. 437: Mr. B URGESS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00399 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE7.010 H29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6983 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 2015 No. 141 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, who calls us to a life 
rooted in faith, immerse our law-makers in the wisdom of Your Spirit. Guide them with Your insights, ena-bling them to be salt and light in the world, living with humility and integ-rity. As they strive to be a force for good, direct them around the pitfalls that prevent them from fulfilling Your purposes. Inspire them to rely on Your love as they seek to faithfully serve You and country. 
Lord, nurture within us all a godly 
sincerity and a daily reliance upon Your strength, wisdom, and love. 
We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, last 
night, 77 Senators voted to advance legislation that would keep the govern-ment funded through the fall at the bi-partisan level agreed to by both par-ties. The bill hardly represents my pre-ferred method for funding the govern-ment, but it is now the most viable way forward after Democrats’ extreme 
action forced our country into this sit-uation. 
Let’s remember how we got here. 
Democrats knew the American people were unlikely to buy their desire for more bureaucracy and more debt, but they figured they might in a crisis. So Democrats pursued a deliberate strat-egy of blocking government funding all year in order to force our Nation to the brink. Democrats said they would block government funding legislation they had even voted for in committee. Some of these bills came out of com-mittee overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis. Democrats said they would block government funding of legislation they had actually praised in their press re-leases when these bills emerged from the Appropriations Committee with large majorities. Democrats even voted repeatedly to block the bill that funds our military, to repeatedly block the bill that funds medical care and pay raises for our troops. That is how far Democrats are willing to go—at a time of daunting international threats—in order to tear down the normal govern-ment funding process and force our country into this situation that we now face. 
Well, I am not prepared to let the 
Democrats lead us over the cliff. The bill before us would keep the govern-ment open; it would allow time for cooler heads to prevail. That is why I joined 76 other Senators and voted to advance it yesterday. 
But, look, obviously the best way to 
fund the government is by first passing a budget and then passing appropria-tions bills. The Senate also passed a budget. The Senate is prepared to pass appropriations legislation too. All that is needed is for Democrats to drop these endless filibusters. 
We know that nearly all these fund-
ing bills are bipartisan. We know that Democrats and have supported and praised them. And with the CR behind us, we can turn back to the work of trying to pass these appropriations 
bills. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 2089 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
The clerk will read the bill by title 
for the second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2089) to provide for investment in 
clean energy, to empower and protect con-sumers, to modernize energy infrastructure, to cut pollution and waste, to invest in re-search and development, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, would the 
Chair announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.000 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6984 September 29, 2015 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 719, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 719, an 
act to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Fed-eral law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Coch-ran) amendment No. 2689, making continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
McConnell amendment No. 2690 (to amend-
ment No. 2689), to change the enactment date. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I am re-
minded of that famous line from ‘‘Cool Hand Luke’’: ‘‘What we have here is a failure to communicate.’’ 
What we have here in Congress is a 
failure to legislate, a failure to exert congressional authority. What we have here is a failure to use our leverage. What we have here is a failure to use the power of the purse. 
Conservatives across America are un-
happy, and rightly so. We were told that when we took over Congress, when Republicans were elected to Congress, that things would be different: that if voters put us in charge, we would right the ship, we would stop the deficits. And here we are with another con-tinuing resolution. 
What is a continuing resolution? It is 
a continuation of the deficit spending of the past. It is a continuation of the waste. It is a continuation of the dupli-cation. What is a continuing resolu-tion? It is a steaming pile of the same old, same old. 
Let me be clear: A continuing resolu-
tion is not a good thing. It is more of the status quo. It is a warmed-over version of yesterday’s failures. It is an abdication of congressional authority. It is an abdication of congressional power. 
Let’s at least be honest. With a con-
tinuing resolution, no waste will be cut, no spending will be cut, no regula-tions will be stopped, and the debt will continue to mount. 
We are told that we cannot win, that 
we need 60 votes to defund anything, but perhaps there is an alternate fu-ture where courage steps up and saves the day. All spending is set to expire auto-
matically. This is the perfect time to turn the tables, to tell the other side that they will need 60 votes to affirma-tively spend any money. See, it doesn’t have to be 60 votes to stop things. All spending will expire, and only those programs for which we can get 60 votes should go forward. 
What would that mean? That would 
mean an elimination of waste, an elimination of duplication, an elimi-nation of bad things that we spend money on. 
If we had the courage, we could use 
the Senate’s supermajority rules to stop wasteful spending. If we had the courage, we could force the other side to come up with 60 votes to fund things like Planned Parenthood. The budget is loaded with nonsense and waste. 
Some will say our job is to govern, to 
preside. But to preside over what? To preside over a mountain of new debt? To be the same as the other side—to continue to add debt after debt? Our debt will consume us if we continue to preside over the status quo. It is as if we are on the Titanic and just simply reshuffling the chairs. A continuing resolution continues the wasteful spending of money. 
I can go on and on about what we are 
wasting money on. I will tell of a few. 
We spent $300,000 last year studying 
whether Japanese quail are more sexu-ally promiscuous on cocaine. I think we could poll the audience and save money. These things should never have had money spent on them, but if we do a continuing resolution, it will con-tinue. 
We spent several hundred thousand 
dollars studying whether we can re-lieve stress in Vietnamese villagers by having them watch American tele-vision reruns. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want one penny of taxpayer dollars going to this ridiculous stuff. If we continue, if we pass a continuing resolution, no reform will occur. 
We spent $800,000 in the last couple of 
years developing a televised cricket league for Afghanistan—$800,000. Do you know how many people have a tel-evision in Afghanistan? One in 10,000 people. And I don’t care if they all have TVs, it is ridiculous that our money, which we don’t even have—we have to borrow it from China to send it to Af-ghanistan. If we pass a continuing reso-lution, we are agreeing to continue this nonsense. 
We spent $150,000 last year on yoga 
classes for Federal employees. So not only do we pay them nearly 1.5 times as much as private-sector employees, we give them yoga classes. If we pass a continuing resolution, this goes on and on. Nothing will change. The status quo will continue, and we will continue to spend ourselves into oblivion. 
We spent $250,000 last year inviting 24 
kids from Pakistan to go to space camp in Alabama. We borrow money from China to send it to Pakistan. 
It is crazy, it is ridiculous, and it 
should stop. We have the power to stop it. Congress has the power to spend 
money or not spend money, and yet we roll over and we say: It must continue; we don’t have the votes to stop it. Non-sense. The other side doesn’t have the votes to continue the spending if we would stand up and challenge them. 
We spent $500,000 last year or the 
year before developing a menu for when we colonize Mars. We sent a bunch of college students to Hawaii to study this. We paid $5,000 apiece. They got 2 
weeks all expenses paid in Hawaii. And do you know what a bunch of college kids came up with? Pizza. This is where your money is going. 
I could go on, hundreds and hundreds 
of programs. If we do not exert the power of the purse, this continues. 
We should attach to all 12 individual 
spending bills—not glommed to-gether—we should attach hundreds of instructions, thousands of instructions. Now, some of the media have said: Well, those would be riders on appro-priations bills. Exactly. That is the power of the purse. If you object to the President writing regulations without our authority, Congress should defund the regulations. Congress should in-struct him on ObamaCare, on what we object to. Congress should instruct him that we don’t want money spent on Planned Parenthood. Hundreds and hundreds of instructions should be written into every bill and passed and sent to him. 
Would we win all of these battles? Do 
we have the power to win every battle and defund everything we want? No. But do you know what we start out with? Our negotiating position right now is, we start out with defunding nothing. Why don’t we start out with a negotiating position that we defund ev-erything that is objectionable? All the wasteful spending, all the duplicative spending, let’s defund it all. If there has to be a negotiation, let’s start from defunding it all and see where we get, but it would take courage because we would have to let spending expire. If we are not willing to let the spending ex-pire and start anew, we have no lever-age. The power of the purse is there only if you have courage. We must have the courage of convictions to say enough is enough, that the debt is a greater threat to us than letting spend-ing expire. 
Now, several will report on this 
speech and say: Oh, he wants to shut down government. No, I don’t. I just want to exert the power of the purse, and that means spending must expire. I am all for renewing the spending, but let’s renew only the spending that makes sense. We have the power of the purse if we choose to exert it. Look at the mountain of debt. Look at the debt that continues to be added up. We have not been doing our job. 
The way we are supposed to spend 
money in Congress is 12 individual ap-propriations bills. They have passed out of committee. Why aren’t they pre-sented on the floor? The Democrats have filibustered the only one pre-sented. Let’s present every one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.002 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6985 September 29, 2015 
them, and let the public know—let ev-
eryone in America know—that it is Democrats filibustering the spending bills. It is Democrats who desire to shut down government. It is Democrats who desire not to have any restrictions on where the money is spent. It is Democrats who are saying: We don’t want to end wasteful spending. We don’t want to end any spending. We don’t want any controls over spending. We want to continue the status quo. But we should not be complicit with them. 
We have allowed this to go on for too 
long. It threatens the very heart of the Republic. It threatens our very founda-tion to continue to borrow $1 million a minute. It is time that we stood up. It is time that we took a stand and said enough is enough. 
When is the last time we did it in the 
appropriate fashion? When is the last time Congress passed each of the indi-vidual appropriations bills with in-structions on how to spend the money? It was 2005, a decade ago. It has been a decade. In the last decade we have added nearly $10 trillion in new debt. It is time to take a stand. 
I, for one, have had enough. I have 
had enough. I am not going to vote for a continuing resolution. A continuing resolution is simply a continuation of the mounting debt. I, for one, will not do it. A continuing resolution is re-treat. It is announcing your defeat in advance. 
What we should do is take a stand. 
We should say to the other side: In the Senate, it requires a supermajority. What does that mean? It means 60 votes to pass spending. What would happen? Spending that is controversial, like Planned Parenthood, would fall away. They can ask for private dona-tions. Good luck on that. You wouldn’t find things being funded that are con-troversial. What would happen is there would no longer be funding for wasteful and duplicative projects. 
We listed these a couple years ago. I 
think we had $7 billion worth of just duplication. Did we fix it? No. Every year the President—even this Presi-dent—puts forward $10, $15, $20 billion worth of programs that could be elimi-nated. Do they ever get eliminated? No, because Congress is dysfunctional and we continue to pass a continuing resolution, which means we do nothing to exert the power of the purse. 
Congress is a shadow of what it once 
was. Madison said that we would have coequal branches and we would pit am-bition against ambition. We no longer do that. Congress is a withering shad-ow. It is a shadow of what it once was. Congress has no power, exerts no power, and we walk and we live in the shadow of a Presidency that is growing larger and larger and larger. 
The President is not afraid. He says 
he has his pen and his phone. So he is writing and creating law. One of our philosophers we look to is Montesquieu, and Montesquieu said when the Executive begins to legislate, a form of tyranny will ensue. That is 
what we have now; we have Executive tyranny. It is not just this President, though. It has been going on for a while, probably for 100 years. We have been allowing more and more power to accumulate in the hands of the Presi-dency. 
What we need is a bipartisan taking 
back of that power. We need Congress to stand up on its own two feet and say: Enough is enough. We are reclaim-ing the power of the purse, and we are going to do whatever is necessary to get rid of the wasteful spending, the duplicative spending, the offensive spending, and we are going to do what the American people want and that is to spend only what comes in. 
But I will tell you, I, for one, will op-
pose this continuing resolution. I rec-ommend that everybody in America call their Congressmen and say: We are tired of the mounting debt. We want you to stand up. We want you to stand up and say enough is enough. Let the funding expire, and make the other side come up with 60 votes to spend the money. 
It is time we took a stand. I hope we 
will. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING FRANCES OLDHAM KELSEY  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, in Au-
gust this country lost a hero, a woman most have not heard of, but her story is legendary. Frances Oldham Kelsey passed away in August at the age of 101. She was a woman of tremendous courage and conviction. She was a trailblazing scientist. She earned her Ph.D. and then her medical degree from the University of Chicago while raising daughters. She did things that women of her generation were usually not allowed to do or certainly rarely encouraged to do. 
As she began her professional life, it 
was the early 1960s and a horrific scourge was afflicting Europe and other countries around the world. Thousands of babies were dying in the womb, thousands more were born with severe birth defects—including de-formed arms and legs that, as history will tell us, resembled flippers—miss-ing organs, missing limbs. 
The United States was largely spared 
from these terrible effects because of Dr. Frances Oldham Kelsey. As a med-ical officer at the FDA, Dr. Kelsey was charged with investigating and approv-ing the drug called Kevadon, better known in history by its generic name, 
thalidomide. The pharmaceutical com-pany Merrell was expecting a speedy approval. After all, the drug was used around the world as a sedative and as a treatment for morning sickness. The drug had made a windfall for its Ger-man manufacturer, and Merrell was hoping for the same in our country. But Dr. Kelsey, who at that time was a woman in very much a man’s world at the FDA, a woman who was not all that experienced, was willing to show her courage and demand further inves-tigation before she would approve this drug. 
With few studies providing the safety 
of Kevadon—thalidomide—she rejected the application. Merrell protested, drug companies were outraged, and a num-ber of other employees at the FDA dis-agreed. She asked for, though, and re-viewed more data, and again she re-jected the application. Again, Merrell protested. Again, other people were outraged by this woman’s decision. Merrell’s executives called her a petty and nitpicking bureaucrat. 
It is always easy to pick on a bureau-
crat—a nameless, faceless bureaucrat, or a named bureaucrat with a face. It is easy to pick on bureaucrats. People here do it all the time. 
They called her office, and they pep-
pered her with letters. They went over her head to her FDA bosses. Dr. Kelsey again—imagine a young woman with-out sort of the support that a more ex-perienced, older, and, particularly in those days, male researcher might have had. She held her ground. She contin-ued to reject the application. Mean-while, the horrible toll was mounting in places around the world where tha-lidomide was sold. 
In late 1961, the German manufac-
turer pulled the drug, and health de-partments around the world began to issue warnings. In March 1962, Merrell, the drug company, seeing the hand-writing on the wall, finally withdrew its thalidomide application. 
That might have been the end of the 
story, but staffers for Senator Estes Kefauver, a Democrat from Tennessee who had long been battling pharma-ceutical companies to strengthen our country’s drug oversight, gave the Washington Post a tip. The Senator’s staff wanted the country to know about this woman, Dr. Kelsey, wanted people to know about the heroine who had spared our children from the ter-rible consequences of this drug. They wanted them to know that Big Pharma—Senator Kefauver wanted them to know that Big Pharma, the big drug companies, had fought her every step of the way, putting pressure on the FDA, going over her head, sending her letters, perhaps indirectly threat-ening her. Fortunately, she stood her ground against a very powerful com-batant, for want of a better term. 
In no small part because of Dr. 
Kelsey and her persistence, we have the Kefauver Harris Amendment of 1962, which strengthened drug approval 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.004 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6986 September 29, 2015 
standards. We have a branch of the 
FDA dedicated to testing and inves-tigating new drugs. Who became the head of it? Dr. Kelsey. Over a 45-year career, she helped to rewrite our drug and medical testing regulations, she strengthened patient protections, and she cracked down on medical conflicts of interest. Her rigorous standards were not only instrumental in improv-ing drug safety in the United States, they also set the world standard for drug safety. The United States is known all over the world as having the gold standard to protect the public by rigorous testing and rigorous examina-tion to protect the public against drugs that can do damage. 
Everybody thought thalidomide was 
harmless except Dr. Kelsey. Because she had the authority at the FDA to do it right and then was able to expand that authority working with Congress, uncounted lives, innumerable lives—we don’t know how many lives were saved and how many people have been pro-tected against harmful drugs. She had a 45-year career. She made a huge dif-ference. Her accomplishments are he-roic. She has received many honors. 
But we should remember that for all 
of Dr. Kelsey’s recognition, there are thousands more Federal employees working with little appreciation and sometimes not very high pay. I am sure Dr. Kelsey could have been making more money practicing medicine, but look at the lives she saved and look at the difference she made. Expand that to so many government workers, so many people who do their jobs. 
Members of Congress—well-paid, 
well-dressed, getting good taxpayer benefits—love to attack the bureauc-racy, love to call bureaucrats names, love to nitpick agencies, when, in fact, so many of them are making a huge difference in keeping the air we breathe, the water we drink, the drugs we take, the consumer products we use—keeping them safe. That is some-thing those Federal employees should be proud of. They protect Americans from pollution and predatory lenders and faulty products and infectious dis-eases and dangerous drugs. 
We have made so much progress over 
the past century because of Americans like Frances Kelsey, but unfortunately too many people in this town seem to have amnesia and are trying to turn back the clock. 
I sit on the banking committee. We 
had a hearing today. I sit in the bank-ing committee at least once a week for a couple of hours. I listen to my Repub-lican colleagues who seem to have for-gotten that the economy sort of im-ploded—almost imploded in 2008 and 2009. They seem to want to go back to those days of deregulation, not holding Wall Street accountable—the same kinds of things—the deregulation, the weakening of the FDA, the weakening of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, the weakening of the Depart-ment of Agriculture standards, and all of the things that we do, where this country works better because we have 
government—call them bureaucrats— we have government bureaucrats who are working to protect the public inter-est. 
So we should honor Dr. Kelsey not 
with awards but with action to protect her legacy. Yet people right now in this Congress—I heard a long speech last night from the junior Senator from Texas, not ever to be confused with the senior Senator from Texas—I heard him again threaten government shut-downs. When government shuts down, food is less protected and water is like-ly going to be less clean, and all of the things that happen when government is not doing its job. 
I hope my colleagues join me in hon-
oring Dr. Kelsey’s legacy and remem-bering the work that heroic public servants in our Federal workforce do for this country. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  
Mr. President, I want to read a brief 
letter. I was at my 45th high school class reunion. Some of us in this body might have reached an age close to that; most of you have not. At my 45th reunion, I met a woman who was there visiting someone else. She was much younger. She handed me this letter. 
She said: Senator B
ROWN , I want to 
thank you for a couple of things. Thanks for the Affordable Care Act. 
She has a photography business. She said: Thanks to the Affordable 
Care Act, I was able to pursue my dream and open my business. I am dia-betic. I was unable to self-insure due to my preexisting condition. I was forced to work low-wage jobs just so I could get insurance. Now, because of the Af-fordable Care Act—ObamaCare—I can thrive as an entrepreneur. Thank you. 
I hear those stories. I meet people. 
Now 600,000 Ohioans have health insur-ance who did not have it prior to the Affordable Care Act, and 100,000 addi-tional Ohioans who are not much older than these pages sitting here, who are 19, 20, maybe 25, have insurance on their parents’ health plan. One mil-lion—that is in Ohio alone—1 million seniors in Ohio have no copay, no de-ductible, and get free preventive care tests for osteoporosis, tests for diabe-tes, and physical exams. 
More than 100,000 seniors have saved 
an average of $700 on their prescription drugs because of the Affordable Care Act. A family like this—the parents of a child who has juvenile arthritis or di-abetes or whatever a child might be af-flicted with can get insurance in spite of the child’s preexisting condition. 
When I hear in the Republican de-
bates they all saying ‘‘Repeal ObamaCare,’’ it would be nice if one sort of gutsy reporter would say, ‘‘Well, what about all those millions of seniors who now get free preventive care? What about those millions of peo-ple who have consumer protections so they cannot be denied coverage because they have a sick child? What about those people who got so sick that their medical care was very expensive and the insurance company cancelled their 
care? They cannot do that anymore. What about those people?’’ I just wish we would hear that question one time. 
We honor Dr. Kelsey today, and we 
think about when government does things right in partnership with the private sector to make this country a better place to live. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WORLD TRADE CENTER HEALTH PROGRAM AND  
VICTIM COMPENSATION FUND  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, 
we just passed the 14th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. Americans all across the country honored the memory of 2,977 lives lost. There were moments of silence. There were testimonials from friends and family of the victims. There were statements, speeches, and posts online by my col-leagues in Congress vowing to ‘‘never forget.’’ But the victims of September 11 are not just the men and women who were killed on that horrible day; the terror attacks on that day in 2001 are still claiming American lives. This in-cludes the heroes who ran into the tow-ers to save whom they could, who worked on the piles so that Americans might rebuild, and who would not abandon their community in a time of terrifying confusion and intense grief. Many of them are now sick because of their work at Ground Zero, and many are dying. 
In 2010, after years of delay, we fi-
nally established the James Zadroga 9/ 11 Health and Compensation programs to provide our first responders, the sur-vivors, and their families with the health care and benefits they very des-perately needed. Tomorrow, at mid-night, the bill authorizing this funding will expire. 
More than 33,000 first responders and 
survivors have an illness or injury caused by the attacks or their after-math. More than 1,700 have passed away from 9/11-related illnesses. More police officers have died since 9/11 from 9/11-related diseases than died on 9/11 itself. Since the 14th anniversary of the attacks earlier this month, another six 9/11 first responders have died. Think about that. In just a few short weeks, 6 more of our 9/11 heroes have died: John P. McKee, Roy McLaughlin, Reginald Umpthery, Kevin Kelly, Thomas Zayas, and Paul McCabe. They were married, and they had kids. Their average age was just a few years older than mine— 53. They will all miss birthday parties 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.005 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6987 September 29, 2015 
and graduations. They will miss 
evening dinners and holidays. They leave behind mortgages, car payments, and college-tuition payments. These 9/ 11 illnesses not only rob families of their loved ones, but they leave them to face expenses without, in many cases, the family’s primary bread-winner. 
Two weeks ago, hundreds of first re-
sponders from all over the country traveled to Washington to lobby Con-gress not to let their health care pro-gram expire. If Congress doesn’t act now, how many more first responders and their families are going to suffer medically and financially because we didn’t do our job and reauthorize this program? 
Let me tell you about just one re-
sponder, Ken George from Long Island. Ken was 37 on September 11, 2001. He was working for the New York City Highway Department, and after the at-tacks he went to do search and rescue work. He was there for a couple of weeks. Almost right away, Ken devel-oped a cough, then asthma, and then the asthma led to restricted airway disease. Doctors found crushed glass from Ground Zero in his lungs. He was forced to retire in 2006 because his med-ical ailments became too burdensome, and now, as he put it, he is ‘‘financially hurting like you wouldn’t believe.’’ 
We are not talking about statistics. 
We are not talking about data points on a chart. We are talking about a 51- year-old man with a wife and three kids, with crushed glass in his lungs because he chose to do the right thing. He chose to answer the call of duty, and he chose to search for survivors after 9/11. On top of everything else he is dealing with, Ken now has to worry if he will get the health treatments he needs and if his family will have the basic financial support they need. 
The health program officially expires 
tomorrow at midnight, but these ill-nesses—Ken’s and thousands of oth-ers’—never expire, and neither should their health care. 
We must reauthorize and make per-
manent the World Trade Center Health Program and Victim Compensation Fund. The participants in the health program live in every single State. They live in 429 of the 435 congressional districts. Every Senator in this Cham-ber has constituents who are sick and dying and are in this program. 
A majority of this body has already 
signed on as cosponsors of this legisla-tion, including many after our day of action a couple weeks ago. So let’s fin-ish this job. Let’s give our 9/11 heroes the care and compensation they de-serve and so desperately need. Let’s truly never forget. The clock is tick-ing. Let’s do our job. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the 
previous order, the Senate stands in re-cess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12 noon, 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION AC-
COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to say a few words about the lat-est developments in international trade. 
As most of my colleagues know, this 
week officials from the Obama admin-istration are meeting in Atlanta with representatives from our negotiating partners in the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. Many reports in-dicate that our trade negotiators are hoping to conclude talks and finalize a deal over the next few days. 
Now, as the Presiding Officer is 
aware, I was an original author of the legislation that renewed trade pro-motion authority, or TPA, earlier this year. I fought extremely hard to renew TPA because I believe it is an abso-lutely essential tool to ensure we get the very best trade agreements pos-sible. For years I have been one of the most outspoken proponents in Con-gress for full engagement in the var-ious trade agreements that have been under negotiation, including the TPP. 
A strong Trans-Pacific Partnership 
Agreement could greatly enhance our Nation’s ability to compete in an in-creasingly global marketplace and re-sult in a healthier economy and more high-paying jobs that come with in-creased U.S. trade. After all, when we are talking about the 12 countries cur-rently taking part in these negotia-tions, we are talking about 40 percent of the global economy. As a group, TPP countries represent the largest market for our goods and services exports. Trade with these countries already supports an estimated 4 million U.S. jobs, and, with a good trade agreement in place, I believe it can do even better. 
The Asia-Pacific region, where this 
agreement is focused, is one of the most economically vibrant and fastest growing areas in the world. According to the International Monetary Fund, the world economy will grow by more than $20 trillion over the next 5 years, and nearly half of that growth will be in Asia. Unfortunately, our share of ex-ports to the Asia-Pacific has been on the decline, as exports to the region lag behind overall U.S. export growth. One reason U.S. companies have lost so much market share in this very impor-tant part of the world is that many 
countries in the region maintain steep barriers to U.S. exports while they have been negotiating to remove many of the same types of barriers for other countries, most notably for places such as China and the European Union. 
On average, Southeast Asian coun-
tries impose tariffs that are five times higher than the average U.S. tariff. In addition, their duties on U.S. agricul-tural products often reach triple digits. There are also numerous other bar-riers, such as regulatory restrictions, that impede access for U.S. exporters in many of these countries. These ob-stacles, and increased global competi-tion, have made it increasingly dif-ficult for U.S. companies to remain competitive in Asia. 
Put simply, a strong TPP Agreement 
is the best tool we could have to in-crease the growth of U.S. exports to the Asia-Pacific region. 
There are also important strategic 
and security reasons to support a strong TPP Agreement. We have all seen in recent years how the economies of our Trans-Pacific Partnership nego-tiating partners have been shaped by China’s expanding economic influence. I think we would all prefer that the United States remain the world leader in trade. If we want to maintain and expand our influence in the Asia-Pa-cific, it is essential that we more fully engage in that region. A strong TPP Agreement will facilitate that engage-ment and help ensure that trade pat-terns develop under a U.S. model, oper-ating under U.S. rules and applying U.S. standards. 
A strong TPP Agreement can help us 
create high-paying jobs through in-creased exports, as well as help secure our strategic and economic position in the Asia-Pacific region. But to do all of that, we need a strong agreement. That is why I have been pushing the Obama administration to negotiate wisely in order to reach a TPP Agreement that advances our Nation’s interests and provides significant benefits for Amer-ican workers and job creators. 
Despite these obvious advantages to 
concluding a TPP Agreement, I think it is critically important that the ad-ministration take the time necessary to get the agreement right. A number of key issues are outstanding, and how they are resolved will go a long way to determining whether I can support the final agreement. 
Our country has a long history of ne-
gotiating and reaching high-standard trade agreements. While they haven’t all been perfect, our existing trade agreements have, in my view, advanced our interests in foreign markets and strengthened our own economy. 
There are a number of reasons why, 
historically, our trade negotiators have fought long and hard to get gold-stand-ard agreements. The most obvious rea-son is that anything less is unlikely to pass through Congress. If the adminis-tration is serious about not only get-ting an agreement but getting an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.008 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6988 September 29, 2015 
agreement passed, they need to make 
sure they get our country the best deal possible. If that means continuing ne-
gotiations beyond Atlanta, so be it. Getting a good agreement will be worth the wait. 
Over the years, I have laid out very 
clearly what I think a good agreement looks like. These ideas are embodied in the recently enacted TPA law. If the administration and our negotiating partners do conclude an agreement this week, they can be sure that I will ex-amine it very carefully to ensure it meets these standards. As I have stated many times before, if the agreement falls short, I will not support it. I don’t think I will be alone on that. 
I am as big a proponent of expanding 
U.S. trade as you will find in this Chamber, with the possible exception of the Presiding Officer, and, in con-cept, I very much support the idea of a Trans-Pacific Partnership. While I worked very hard for a number of years to get a TPA bill through Congress, I have made it abundantly clear that I will not support just any deal, whether it is this or any other future adminis-tration that wants to sign it. We need to get a good deal. Indeed, as I have said, we need to get the best deal pos-sible. 
No one—at least no one from our side 
of the negotiations—should be in a hurry to close talks if it means getting a less-than-optimal result for our coun-try. Ultimately, I don’t believe anyone in the administration wants to reach an agreement that will not pass in Con-gress. 
I think our negotiators understand 
these concerns. My hope is that, as they move through the latest rounds of talks in Atlanta this week, they con-sider what it will take to get a deal through Congress. If we look at the bi-partisan coalition that supported our TPA bill, we should get a pretty good sense of the balance it will take to get enough support here in the Senate and over in the House. Put simply, if TPP does not reflect that balance, it is hard to see how it will be successfully en-acted into law. 
As always, I am an optimist. I know 
we can get a good deal here, and, for my part, I am going to do all I can to help ensure that we do. 
I don’t think I am alone when I say I 
am going to be watching very closely to see what happens in Atlanta this week. All of us have an interest in the outcome of these negotiations. Hope-fully, in the end, those of us who have supported TPA and its promise of bet-ter trade terms for U.S. workers and expanded market access for American goods and services will not be dis-appointed at the outcome. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN PROGRAM  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to support reauthorizing the Perkins Loan Program, which will expire to-morrow, September 30, if the Senate does not act. Yesterday, the House of Representa-
tives passed legislation to extend this vital program for 1 year. I urge my Senate colleagues to support this bill and send it immediately to the Presi-dent for his signature. 
I want to recognize and thank my 
colleagues, Senator B
ALDWIN , Senator 
CASEY , and the Presiding Officer, Sen-
ator P ORTMAN , for their leadership in 
highlighting the importance of this program. I am pleased to join with them in submitting a Senate resolution urging its extension. 
Since 1958, the Perkins Loan Pro-
gram has helped make college afford-able for millions of students who have financial need. In the State of Maine, more than 5,000 students received a Perkins loan last year, providing $9.2 million in aid. Last Friday, I had a conversation with the president of the University of Maine, who told me just how critical Perkins loans are to UMaine students. 
Perkins loans are a critical part of a 
college’s and a student’s financial aid resources. These loans help to fill gaps beyond what is available through the Department of Education’s Direct Loan Program and a family’s ability to pay. A Perkins loan can meet that addi-tional need so that students do not have to resort to borrowing through private or higher cost loans, and, most of all, so they can remain in school. 
Perkins borrowers are predominantly 
from lower income families. For exam-ple, at the University of Maine last year, 64 percent of Perkins borrowers had a family income of $40,000 or less. 
The Perkins Loan Program is cam-
pus-based, which means that partici-pating colleges and universities admin-ister the loans. When students grad-uate, they make payments directly to their college or university, and those payments are used to make new loans to other students through a revolving fund. These revolving funds are a com-bination of a Federal contribution and an institutional match. 
Now, I think it is important to un-
derstand that Congress has not had to appropriate funds for the Perkins Loan Program since 2004 because of this re-volving fund concept, but institutions continue to be able to assist needy stu-dents through this self-sustaining pro-gram. That is why we simply cannot allow it to lapse. 
As a Member of the Senate Health, 
Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee, I know that our committee is committed to the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. I strongly support that effort. In the meantime, however, we must ensure that there is not a lapse in the financial assistance provided to students under the Perkins Loan Program. 
As I mentioned earlier, the House- 
passed bill extends the authority for the Perkins Loan Program for an addi-tional year and does not authorize any additional Federal funds. Students who receive a Perkins loan during this aca-demic year and remain in the same academic program would be eligible to 
receive future Perkins loans. 
We only have 1 day before the Per-
kins Loan Program expires. Students at our colleges and universities are looking at us—they are depending on us—to ensure that this vital and prov-en program does not expire. I urge my colleagues to pass the House-passed legislation so that the Perkins Loan Program can continue. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 
letter from the chancellor of the Uni-versity of Maine System in support of the reauthorization of the Perkins Loan Program. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MAINE’SPUBLIC UNIVERSITIES , 
UNIVERSITY OF MAINE SYSTEM , 
Bangor, ME, September 23, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN M. C OLLINS , 
U.S. Senator, Bangor State Office, Bangor, ME. 
D
EARSENATOR COLLINS : I’m writing to you 
on behalf of the University of Maine System in support of the Federal Perkins Loan Pro-gram. Perkins loans are an invaluable com-ponent of an institution’s and student’s fi-nancial aid resources. The flexibility, low fixed interest rate and generous cancellation benefits are both unique and critical to our needy student population, especially many middle and low-income students. The pro-gram is administered at the school level pro-viding a highly efficient, self-sustaining pro-gram with accountability, transparency, and risk-sharing. 
The Federal Perkins Loan Program is in 
danger of being discontinued. Without Con-gressional intervention, this program will be terminated and the Perkins funds recalled beginning October 1, 2015. 
Throughout the 56-year history of the Per-
kins Loan Program, $7.9 billion in federal contributions have been leveraged with insti-tutional contributions into over $36 billion in low-cost loans to more than 30 million needy students. The fact that this program provides critical support each year to more than a half-million students across the coun-try, operating solely right now on the exist-ing revolving fund dollars, is quite remark-able. A key factor of the program’s success is the central role of the college that origi-nates, services, and collects the loans, while providing loan counseling for the borrower. This is one of the most effective and efficient public-private partnerships in the federal government. 
Perkins loans also offer more favorable 
forgiveness options for borrowers than any other federal loan program. Full or partial forgiveness is available to borrowers who work in designated, high-need, public-service areas. During a time when we are trying to reduce student loan indebtedness, the loan forgiveness aspect of this unique program provides financial relief to the student, and a well-educated workforce to fortify public service in rural and inner-city communities. 
Students enrolled at one of the institu-
tions in the University of Maine System have benefited for many years because of the efficiencies of the Perkins Loan Program. In fiscal year 2013–2014 the University of Maine System awarded almost $5.1 million in Per-kins Loans to 3,386 students who, without this program, would be forced to either bor-row higher-cost loans or leave school alto-gether. 
If this program is eliminated, students at 
one of the institutions in the University of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.014 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6989 September 29, 2015 
Maine System will lose a vital resource in 
support of their higher education goals. Pub-lic universities already struggle to provide sufficient financial aid to students, espe-cially the lower and middle class who cur-rently benefit from this program. 
Eliminating the Perkins Loan Program 
will either force students to borrow through less desirable loan programs, or universities to make even more difficult cuts in an at-tempt to fund the gap from the loss of this program. 
I sincerely hope that the students enrolled 
at all of the institutions in the University of Maine System, and all across the state, can count on your support of this vitally impor-tant and proven program. Also, 1 hope you can help facilitate a budget solution that does not impact funding in other critical areas relating to higher education and other federal loan programs. 
If you have any questions please feel free 
to contact me. Thank you for your time and we appreciate your hard work and support. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES H. P AGE, 
Chancellor, University of Maine System. 
Ms. COLLINS. Again, I want to com-
mend my colleagues, including the Pre-siding Officer, Senator P
ORTMAN , and 
my colleague from Wisconsin who has been a leader on this issue as well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
AIRPORT AND AIRWAY EXTENSION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 3614, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3614) to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements related to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 3614) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
yield the floor. 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION AC-
COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN PROGRAM  
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, much 
attention has appropriately been fo-cused upon our next 36 hours in the Congress. A lot of attention—again, ap-
propriately—focused on whether there would be a government shutdown for failure to pass a continuing resolution. Now we believe that is, hopefully, going to be avoided. 
In just under 36 hours, there are a 
number of other vital programs that will expire, lapse, or sunset if this Con-gress does not take appropriate action. I am here to join my colleagues, Sen-ator C
OLLINS and, in a moment, Sen-
ator A YOTTE , to call attention to one of 
those critical programs, one of those vital programs, and that is the Federal Perkins Loan Program, the authoriza-tion of which will expire in less than 36 hours if we do not take collective ac-tion in this body. 
I am here today to call on our col-
leagues across the aisle to join me in supporting the extension of the Federal Perkins Loan Program. Already we have seen encouraging bipartisan sup-port for the program here in the Sen-ate. The Presiding Officer, Senator C
OLLINS , Senator K IRK, Senator 
AYOTTE , and just today Senator T HUNE  
have all joined me and more than 20 Democrats last week in submitting a resolution highlighting the importance of the Federal Perkins Loan Program and urging its extension. 
Yesterday our colleagues in the 
House of Representatives unanimously passed a measure that would extend the program for 1 year. I am hoping this body will do exactly the same. While I look forward to a broader con-versation about improving Federal sup-port for students as we look to reau-thorize the Higher Education Act, we simply cannot sit idly by and watch the Federal Perkins Loan Program ex-pire as America’s students are left with such uncertainty. 
Since 1958, the Federal Perkins Loan 
Program has been successful in helping Americans access affordable higher education with low-interest loans for students who cannot borrow or afford more expensive private student loans. In my home State of Wisconsin, the program provides more than 20,000 low- income students with more than $41 million in aid. The impact of this pro-gram isn’t just isolated to the Badger State. In fact, the Federal Perkins Loan Program aids over one-half mil-lion students with financial need each year, across 1,500 institutions of higher education. The schools originate, serv-ice, and collect the fixed-interest-rate loans. What is more, institutions main-tain loans available for future students through a revolving fund. 
Since the program’s creation, insti-
tutions have invested millions of dol-lars of their own funds into the pro-gram. In addition to making higher education accessible for low-income students, the program serves as an in-centive for people who wish to go into public service as careers by offering targeted loan cancellations for specific professions in areas of high national needs, such as teaching, nursing, and law enforcement. As a Member of the Senate Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions and as a U.S. Senator representing a State with a rich his-tory of investment in cherishing of higher education, it is a top priority for me to fight to ensure the Federal Perkins Loan Program continues for generations to come. 
I am fighting for students like Ben-
jamin Wooten. Benjamin is a 2004 UW- Madison graduate and a small business owner from Genoa, WI, whose family fell on hard times while he was attend-ing school. Ben shared with me: 
The fact that I did not have to pay interest 
while I was in school was a huge help to me. I was attending school full time, working and trying to live on a meager budget. . . . I am a grateful and successful small business owner. I paid my loan off in full about a year ago with pride and excitement. I know that when I repaid my loan it was returned to a revolving fund and will be lent back out to other students in need. 
I am also fighting for students like 
Brittany McAdams. Brittany is a med-ical school student with a passion for pediatrics and helping the most vulner-able among us—something that doesn’t always yield a significant paycheck, especially in comparison to some of her medical school peers. Brittany said: 
I want to be able to treat patients from all 
socioeconomic levels, despite their ability to pay. In other words, I want to do important work for less money than most other physi-cians. . . . The Perkins Loan is so valuable because it does not collect interest while we are in school. To me, that says the govern-ment believes that what I am doing with my life is important. That our country needs more doctors willing to tackle primary care. That while we need to pay for our graduate degrees, that they are going to do their part to make it just a bit easier. The Perkins Loan makes me feel valued and respected and even more passionate about my work. 
Finally, I am here today fighting for 
students like Nayeli Spahr. Nayeli was raised by a single immigrant mother who worked two full-time jobs. She at-tended 10 different schools in 3 dif-ferent States before she finished high school. Without the Federal Perkins Loan Program, Nayeli said that her op-portunity to get a college education would have been ‘‘an illusory dream.’’ 
Today, Nayeli is the first in her fam-
ily to finish college and is now in her last year of medical school and is plan-ning to work with those who are under-served in our urban communities. She 
finished by telling me: 
The Perkins loan program helped me reach 
this point. And, its existence is essential to provide that opportunity for other young adults wanting to believe in themselves and to empower their communities to be better. Please save it. 
You don’t have to look very far to 
find the significant impact of the Fed-eral Perkins Loan Program—the sig-nificant impact that it has on Amer-ica’s students. There are thousands of stories like the few that I just shared, representing thousands and thousands of students who are still benefiting from the opportunities provided to them by this hugely successful pro-gram. Let’s show the American people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.001 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6990 September 29, 2015 
and the one-half million students im-
pacted by this program that we can come together, that we can find a bi-partisan and commonsense solution. 
I urge my colleagues to immediately 
take up and pass the House bill so that we can avoid another crisis of our own creation and put America’s students and our Nation’s future first. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I rise 
today and join my colleagues, and I wish to thank Senator B
ALDWIN from 
Wisconsin for the speech that she gave and for her leadership—as well as yours, Mr. President—on the resolution to extend the Federal Perkins Loan Program. This is something we should take up and pass right now. There is strong bipartisan support to do so. 
Yesterday the House of Representa-
tives passed the Higher Education Ex-tension Act of 2015, which would extend this important program for an addi-tional year. But if the Senate does not act by tomorrow, this program, which helps the most financially needy stu-dents receive a college education, will expire. We can’t let that happen. 
I have heard from students, colleges 
in my State, universities, and financial aid administrators who have urged us to act and to make sure we continue this program, which allows students with exceptional financial needs to have access to low-interest loans they need so they can get higher education, live the American dream, and con-tribute to our society. Making sure they have that access is critical. 
In New Hampshire, approximately 
5,000 students received a Perkins loan during the last academic year. Across the country, as Senator B
ALDWIN men-
tioned, over one-half million students received a Perkins loan during the 2013–2014 academic year. That is one- half million students across this coun-try that will be impacted—their access to higher education negatively im-pacted—if we do not take up the House- passed bill and immediately pass it in this body. 
The cost of higher education in the 
United States continues to skyrocket. My home State of New Hampshire has the highest average student-loan debt in the country—either putting college out of reach for too many or requiring students to take on substantial amounts of debt in order to get a col-lege education that is often hard to repay, especially with the first job they receive right out of college. 
There are several things we must do 
to address the issue of rising college costs, including, in my view, requiring schools to have more skin in the game and providing more transparency for students and for parents. But as we stand here today, there is one thing right now we can do to help make col-lege just a little bit more affordable, especially for low-income students and families, and that is by taking up and passing the House bill to extend the Federal Perkins Loan Program for 1 
more year. Allowing Perkins to expire would mean that hundreds of thou-sands of low-income students across the country could see a decrease of about $2,000 on average in their student aid packages. For many, that could put college out of reach because they are counting on it. If we don’t take this up now, we will be in a position of really leaving those students hanging, and we should not do that. We should not allow that to happen. 
I again thank my colleague from Wis-
consin and the Presiding Officer, who is from Ohio, for his leadership. 
Again, this has such strong bipar-
tisan support. I hope we get it done today. Let’s do it now. Let’s make sure we extend the Perkins Loan Program for another year, just as the House did, and ensure we can work together to make college more affordable for ev-eryone so that everyone has the oppor-tunity to live and achieve the Amer-ican dream. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the Perkins Loan Program as well. We heard a number of impor-tant presentations here about the crit-ical nature of this program to students across the country who are trying to fulfill the American dream, and one way to do that is to have access to higher education. 
I have often said in the context of 
early learning, whether we are talking about early learning programs or pre-kindergarten programs, if kids learn more now, they will earn more later. That linkage, that bond between earn-ing and learning is, of course, at the core of what we are talking about when it comes to higher education as well. 
The benefit of a higher education has 
become so essential not only to being able to learn and to grow but also to getting the best job you can to be able to move forward. One of the ways young people are able to do that is by having access to Perkins loans. They are fixed-rate, low-interest loans, and they are meant for students who, as we heard before on this floor, have excep-tional financial needs. For example, in Pennsylvania, in the 2013 to 2014 school year, nearly 40,000 students in Pennsyl-vania, at more than 100 colleges and universities, were able to go to school because of these loans. Nationwide, more than 539,000 students were helped. For many students, these loans are the difference between staying in school and working toward a bright future or literally dropping out of school. 
According to the Coalition of Higher 
Education Assistance Organizations, one-quarter of all loan recipients are from families with incomes of less than $30,000 a year. We all have examples in our States. 
I have one example from the north-
western part of Pennsylvania. Edinboro University is part of our State system of higher education. I had a chance to 
speak at their graduation this year. 
Nikki Ezzolo, a 2015 graduate of 
Edinboro University, said the fol-lowing: 
I am sending this to you to tell you that I 
just started my new job at Highmark. 
Highmark is a major health care 
company in western Pennsylvania. 
She goes on to say: 
I am a single mom who wasn’t your normal 
20 year old at college. I was an adult student who had left school more than once when I thought I couldn’t do it. The last time I came back I was dedicated to getting my de-gree but I didn’t have enough financial aid to help me pay my bill. I had messed up along the way in school and used up my only chance of having a good life with my daugh-ter. 
I wanted to thank you for the perkins aid 
that I needed in order to graduate. I am proud to be a college grad and my daughter is proud of me too. I have always been a bar-tender and this week I started my career at Highmark. I am so grateful for getting the perkins money to help me. I know that I wouldn’t be where I am right now without it and that is a really scary thought. 
Whether it is Nikki from north-
western Pennsylvania or Kayla McBride, a recent graduate of Temple University—Temple University is all the way at the other corner of our State in southeastern Pennsylvania. Kayla also talked about the Perkins loan. Kayla said: 
I wanted to extend my gratitude to Temple 
University and the Bursar’s Office. 
With the rising costs of tuition, attending 
college might seem impossible for some stu-dents. I come from a single-family home and my mom did everything in her power to see that I graduated. When my mom was laid off from her job, I thought graduating would no longer be possible. I received some scholar-ships, but it was still not enough to cover the entire cost of tuition as well as room and board. 
Without the assistance of the Federal Per-
kins Loan finishing college would’ve been very difficult. I am now a college graduate and I am thankful for all of the financial as-sistance I received during my undergraduate years. College can be an expensive invest-ment, but I am glad that I had the Perkins Loan to assist me. 
Both cases exemplify and validate 
the importance of the Perkins Loan Program. 
Since the 1960s, over 30 million stu-
dents have been helped by Perkins loans, and we have to do everything we can to continue the program. 
What we are trying to do now is very 
simple. We are trying to get some time in order to fully update and reauthor-ize Perkins loans so that all students have access to an affordable college education. I urge the majority to work with us on this bipartisan effort to allow the bill to pass so we can move forward and continue the Perkins Loan Program even as we focus on changes in the future. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, last 
night, with an overwhelming vote, the Senate ended debate that will conclude 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.017 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6991 September 29, 2015 
the postcloture period, which will run 
until midnight tonight. Tomorrow morning the Senate will pass a con-tinuing resolution appropriations bill that will keep the lights on and keep the Federal Government running. 
I have told my constituents that the 
irony of this is that we only appro-priate funds for about 30 percent of the government, and half of that 30 per-cent, roughly, is for defense spending; 70 percent, as the Presiding Officer knows well since he is an expert in this area, is on autopilot. 
Since 2011, since the Budget Control 
Act, we have actually done a remark-ably decent job of freezing the growth of discretionary spending. It is roughly at the 2007 appropriations level. But the problem is that without bipartisan cooperation, we are unable to touch the 70 percent of government spending that has been growing by leaps and bounds, and that simply can’t con-tinue. 
This year, for the first time since I 
believe 2009, under the new majority, the 114th Congress actually passed a budget, and that was a notable achieve-ment. I am almost a little sheepish about mentioning that as an achieve-ment because most people across America would think that is not some-thing to be particularly proud of and that that should happen routinely, so why give anybody a pat on the back for doing something they ought to have done in the first place? But our budgets have been missing under this adminis-tration, and literally the last budget that was passed was 2009. 
One of the benefits of having a budg-
et is there is a regular appropriations process. That may sound like getting in the weeds for most people, but this is the money we should be appro-priating subject to spending caps to keep the government running. It is for items such as military construction and veterans’ benefits, paying our men and women in uniform through the De-fense appropriations bill. Those are es-sential items on which I know we would all agree. 
The only reason we had to deal with 
the drama of this so-called continuing resolution is because notwithstanding the fact that we actually passed a budget and notwithstanding the fact that the various appropriations sub-committees had passed a budget and indeed the whole Appropriations Com-mittee had voted them out and they were available for action on the floor, our friends across the aisle decided they were going to block those appro-priations bills. Given the fact that under Senate rules it takes 60 votes to close off debate, our only alternative was to pass a continuing resolution, which I believe will fly out of here to-morrow morning with overwhelming support. It is a terrible way to do busi-ness, and it creates needless uncer-tainty for the people we ought to be caring a lot about—people such as our veterans and our military servicemem-bers. Even though we had the opportunity 
to move the appropriations process under what we call regular order around here and not resort to this con-tinuing resolution process, our Demo-cratic colleagues decided instead to turn their misguided filibuster summer into an equally misguided filibuster fall. 
Many of these bills, of course, came 
out with strong support. Here is an ex-ample of some of the oddity of this process: Some of the bills they blocked were the very same pieces of legisla-tion they supported in the Appropria-tions Committee. For example, many of my colleagues from across the aisle praised elements of the Defense appro-priations bill, only to then buckle under the Democratic leadership’s pressure and twice block the bill from going forward. 
In some cases, our Democratic col-
leagues were quick to send out press releases to their constituents back home celebrating their accomplish-ments under these very same bills and claiming a victory that would benefit their home State. That was true in par-ticular of both of our colleagues rep-resenting the State of New Jersey. When the bill was overwhelmingly voted out of committee, our colleagues from New Jersey applauded funding for a bill for F–16 fighters based in their State. The junior Senator said: ‘‘The inclusion of this funding is a deserving victory for our U.S. Air National Guard.’’ Similarly, the senior Senator said: ‘‘Securing this funding in the De-partment of Defense Appropriation bill is a win, win, win.’’ But these same Senators filibustered that bill on the Senate floor. How do you explain that one back home? And they did that twice, along with virtually all of our Democratic colleagues. 
Unfortunately, the other 11 appro-
priations bills haven’t made it to the Senate floor because the majority lead-er recognizes that it is probably a fu-tile effort to do so—bills that many of our colleagues celebrated, only to then refuse to take action that would move them forward, at the behest of Demo-cratic leadership. 
We didn’t have to resort to this 
drama, and believe me, our Democratic colleagues have been beating the drum, saying: There is going to be a shut-down. There is going to be a shutdown. 
Well, they are the ones who created 
this crisis in the first place that neces-sitated the passage of a continuing res-olution by filibustering the very same appropriations bills many of them voted for in committee and sent out press releases saying: Look at me. Look at what I have done for my con-stituents. 
I don’t know how to put a better 
word on it, but I think it reeks of hy-pocrisy at the very least. 
But I also believe we have a responsi-
bility—those of us who choose to oper-ate in a responsible fashion—to try to govern the best we can even in the face of such arbitrary hypocrisy by some of our opponents. They blocked the very 
same bills on the floor that they voted for in the Appropriations Committee, thus creating this ‘‘crisis.’’ I put quotes around that. There was never really a crisis because we knew we were going to do our job and make sure we kept the lights on, paid the money to our veterans for the benefits they earned, 
and that our military—many of whom are in harm’s way defending our free-doms and those of our allies—was going to be taken care of. But the idea that you would vote for bills in committee and then come to the floor and block them is hard to explain, and, in fact, I can’t explain it other than using the word ‘‘hypocrisy.’’ 
Another element of this discussion 
has been whether we would use this continuing resolution to cut off money to Planned Parenthood. As we know, Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in America. Well over 300,000 abortions are done at Planned Parenthood facilities each year. 
I want to assure our Democratic col-
leagues, even though they have filibus-tered our efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and to make sure that not one penny of tax dollars goes to sup-port the No. 1 abortion provider in America, this fight is not over, based on their filibustering of the defund Planned Parenthood legislation that we voted on or their refusal to even consider the pain-capable abortion ban. 
We have said it before, but it bears 
repeating. I think most people would be shocked to find out that the United States is only one of seven nations in the world that allows late-term abor-tions after a baby in utero is a viable human being. We are right there along-side the great defenders of human rights such as China, North Korea, and Vietnam. While many States such as my State have imposed limitations at the State level, I think it is appro-priate for us to recognize that medical technology has now allowed us to save preterm babies that we could not in the past. In fact, the distinguished Pre-siding Officer, I believe, has shown me a picture on his iPhone of a child that was born that weighed, I believe, some-where around 1 pound at 20 weeks or so. 
So we ought to be having this debate 
because I think what it reflects is who we are as a nation and whether we want to continue to subsidize the sort of horrific practices we have seen de-picted in some of these videos, and most of them involve late-term abor-tions because that is where the money is. That is where Planned Parenthood harvests tissue from these late-term babies and then sells them. The only question is whether they do it with the appropriate legal informed consent and whether they do it for profit, as some of these videos would suggest, both of which, by the way, are banned by cur-rent law—selling it for profit and doing it without informed consent. Both of those are current provisions of the law. We are conducting investigations in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.019 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6992 September 29, 2015 
four different committees in the Con-
gress to make sure Planned Parent-hood is not in violation of current law, in addition to the steps we have begun to both make sure no tax dollars go to Planned Parenthood to subsidize their abortion practice—the largest abortion provider in the United States—and then to redirect that money to provide 
for women’s health at community health centers and other places. 
I was surprised this morning when I 
caught a glimpse of the hearing that is occurring over in the House of Rep-resentatives where Cecile Richards, the chief executive officer of Planned Par-enthood, is testifying. Somebody asked her about her compensation. I was shocked that she said: Well, I get paid $520,000 a year—$520,000 a year. This money—the vast majority of the money that Planned Parenthood gets is Federal tax dollars, primarily through Medicaid. So, in effect, the taxpayers are subsidizing the chief executive offi-cer of Planned Parenthood—the No. 1 abortion provider in the country—her salary of $520,000 a year. 
I remember after the financial crisis 
in 2008, a number of our colleagues would come to the floor and say: We need to do something about these ex-cessive salaries of people working in the financial services industry; this is an outrage. But I will tell my col-leagues, I haven’t heard one peep out of our colleagues across the aisle about the $520,000 that Cecile Richards is paid each year as CEO of Planned Parent-hood, the No. 1 abortion provider in the country and an entity subsidized main-ly or in large part, I should say, by U.S. tax dollars—about one-half billion dol-lars a year. Maybe that is a discussion we ought to have. 
The last thing I want to say is I 
think it is important to stress, in the context of this debate, the value and the meaning of human life that the fight is not over with the votes we have had so far. It is important to stress how some of the advocates back home in Texas, for example—some of the strongest champions for the unborn in the country—have made clear how they hope their elected representatives will respond to these horrific videos and the current debate. Just yesterday, for ex-ample, the executive director of the Texas Alliance for Life, Dr. Joe Pojman, said he applauded the strong efforts of Republican leadership in Con-gress to move forward with the strat-egy of shifting funds from Planned Par-enthood to better providers of women’s health services—providers that are not part of the abortion industry. Indeed, that is exactly what the Texas legisla-ture has done, and it is something we need to do. In his statement, Dr. Pojman went on to say that instead of a government shutdown, better options exist for achieving success. 
This is similar to the statement 
made by Carol Tobias earlier, the lead-er of the National Right to Life organi-zation. In other words, at this pivotal moment in time, Congress has an op-portunity to make progress with legis-
lation that would further the cause for life and defend those who cannot de-fend themselves and to put on record all 100 Members of the Senate. I know many people would prefer to look the other way because of the gruesomeness of this practice, particularly as it re-gards late-term fetuses—children who, if born, even though they are not full term at 40 weeks, could literally live outside of the womb. In fact, neonatologists, as I mentioned a mo-
ment ago, have demonstrated incred-ible capability of keeping these chil-dren alive even if they are born preterm. 
We will, I hope, have a vote on—Sen-
ator B
ENSASSE from Nebraska has in-
troduced a bill that has actually passed the House of Representatives called ‘‘the born alive’’ bill. This bill simply would say, if a child is born alive as a result of a botched abortion, the health care provider must do everything in their power to save and preserve that life. I think it is important to get every Senator on record on that issue because this is a little bit different than the issue of defunding Planned Parenthood. I think we ought to do both. We ought to ban funding of tax dollars for Planned Parenthood, the No. 1 abortion provider in the country, but we ought to also focus on the de-sensitization of America and the world to some of these horrific practices, some of which we were shocked by when Kermit Gosnell, an abortion doc-tor in Pennsylvania, would literally de-liver these babies alive and then kill them. I know people don’t want to talk about it. They don’t want to think about it. They would prefer to just look the other way, but we can’t, in the name of our very humanity, look the other way. We have to deal with this and where better to have that debate and discussion and to put people on the record than right here in the U.S. Sen-ate. That is what our plan is going for-ward. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Wash-
ington. 
FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN PROGRAM  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I 
think a lot of people here talk about what they think everyone should be fo-cused on, but what I think we should be focused on is that this month students across the country are making their way back to college campuses. When more Americans pursue their degrees beyond high school, it is actually good for our country. It strengthens the middle class. It strengthens the work-force that needs to compete in the 21st century global economy. So here in Congress what I believe we should be working on are ways to help more stu-dents earn a degree and gain a foothold into the middle class. 
Unfortunately, instead of keeping 
students’ options open to help them succeed, we are facing another deadline and another artificial crisis. If we do not act in the Senate, the Perkins 
Loan Program will expire after tomor-row. That means that more than 100,000 students will no longer be eligible for this assistance over the next year. That is going to leave a lot of students in this country in the lurch. 
Without Perkins loans, students 
might have to take out private loans that have higher interest rates and fewer repayment options. So students would end up with a heavier burden of student debt or they might decide not to enroll in the first place. That is the exact opposite outcome we need for the future of this economy. 
In my home State of Washington, 
more than 15,000 students received Per-kins loans last year. That includes about 4,700 students from the Univer-sity of Washington. I want to make sure the next class of students has the same opportunity so they can better afford college. 
We in Congress need to supply stu-
dents with more support to manage ris-ing college costs, not less. I am hopeful that today we can extend the Perkins loan for 1 year while we work to reau-thorize the Higher Education Act be-cause there is no reason to block this bipartisan legislation that would give our students some certainty for next year. 
The Perkins Loan Program gives stu-
dents with financial needs three things that private loans do not. The loans are low cost. They do not accrue inter-est while a student is enrolled and for 9 months afterward. That can reduce student debt by hundreds or even thou-sands of dollars. The loans provide flexible repayment terms, and they also give those who are interested in the public sector generous forgiveness options. 
The House Representatives has al-
ready acted to extend this program for 1 year. We should do the same before the clock runs out. 
I am so glad this effort to extend the 
Perkins Loan Program has strong bi-partisan support in the Senate. It would provide new students with some certainty for the current school year. Today, students face unprecedented challenges in financing their edu-cation. The cost of college has sky-rocketed, and many students are strug-gling under the crushing burden of stu-dent debt. Preventing the Perkins Loan Program from expiring will not solve all of their problems. I hope we can continue this bipartisan work on ways to make college more affordable and rein in student debt. 
Passing this bill to extend the Per-
kins Loan Program is a step we can take so students don’t have the rug pulled out from under them. There is no reason students should have to face this uncertainty and there is no reason we shouldn’t be able to pass this by unanimous consent. 
I know firsthand how important edu-
cation is for families and for our Na-tion’s middle class. When I was 15, my dad was diagnosed with multiple scle-rosis and, in a few short years, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.020 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6993 September 29, 2015 
couldn’t work any longer. Without 
warning, my family had fallen on hard times, but instead of falling through the cracks, my brothers and sisters and I got a good public education at our schools and we had a country at our back that helped make sure we were able to go to college with student loans and what is now known as the Pell pro-gram. My mom got the skills she need-ed to find a better paying job at Lake Washington Vocational School. So even though we faced some hard times, we never lost hope that with a good education we would be able to find our footing and earn our way to a stable middle-class life. 
Students at colleges and universities 
across the country today are looking now to us to make sure they have a solid pathway into the middle class. So I urge my colleagues to support extend-ing this program to make sure students have the financial aid tools they need so they can build their skills, grow our economy, and help lead the world in the 21st century. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I join 
my fellow colleague from Washington State, talking about the Perkins Loan Program. The House has already acted on this. They extended it for 1 year. All we are asking is that our colleagues on both sides of the aisle allow us to have the opportunity to do that here, prob-ably by unanimous consent. 
It shouldn’t be terribly controversial. 
After all, this is a program that is working. I am following a number of my colleagues today in talking about this. We just heard from Senator M
UR-
RAY. We also heard from Senators C OL-
LINS, B ALDWIN , A YOTTE , and C ASEY . 
This is a bipartisan effort. It is an at-tempt on our part to ensure that stu-dents are not going to fall between the cracks. They are getting started this fall in colleges and universities, and they are wondering whether this pro-gram is going to be here or whether we are going to allow it to expire. We ought to be sure these young people know that, yes, the program is going to be here and, yes, they are going to have the opportunity to get ahead by using this relatively low-cost student loan option that is focused on kids with the most need to be able to get an edu-cation. 
Since 1958 this program has been 
strong. It has been one that works. By the way, there is no appropriation in-volved. There is no spending involved here. It is a matter of allowing the pro-gram to continue. The program has what is called a revolving fund, where whenever somebody gets a loan and pays that money back, the money goes back to another student. This is an op-portunity for us to continue a program that is working. 
If we don’t pass it, we are going to 
have a situation where new loans will not be awarded. College tuition is al-ready too tough. I hear it all the time 
from families back home and from stu-dents back home. One of the biggest concerns they have—we had a tele- townhall meeting last night, and one of the biggest concerns that people have, of course, is the cost of education. This is a way to ensure that young people can pursue their dreams, despite the fact that college tuitions are too high in many cases. This is a tool that is in-credibly important. 
It is also a matching program that 
hasn’t been talked about much on the floor today. The fact is that the pro-gram is administered by the schools, and the schools actually match so that they are providing some of the funding for this. That is another reason why I like this program. 
There are 67 colleges and universities 
in the Buckeye State, my State of Ohio, that participate and take advan-tage of this. I have gotten interesting correspondence from some of the schools and students. Last year there were 25,000 or so Ohio students who re-ceived Perkins loans. I heard from Kent State. They have 3,000 students involved in Perkins. I have heard from Ohio State, which has 1,700 students there. I have also heard from other schools. I have heard from the Univer-sity of Toledo, Oberlin, and Ohio Wes-leyan. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
some of the correspondence because it describes the needs of the program so well. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
KENTSTATE , 
Kent, Ohio, September 3, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR ALEXANDER , 
Chairman, Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor & Pensions 
Hon. P ATTY MURRAY , 
Ranking Member, Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor & Pensions 
DEAR CHAIRMAN ALEXANDER AND RANKING  
MEMBER MURRAY : On behalf of Kent State 
University, I write to you today in support of reauthorizing the Federal Perkins Loan Pro-gram before it is due to expire on September 30. 
Since its inception over 55 years ago, the 
Perkins Loan Program has played an impor-tant role in providing need-based financial aid for our students by distributing low-in-terest, subsidized loans to those with dem-onstrated financial need. 
Kent State University students receive the 
largest volume of Perkins Loans in the en-tire State of Ohio. Total disbursements for the 2015–16 academic year alone are esti-mated to reach over $9M. 
While there have not been federal capital 
contributions to the Perkins Loan Program in recent years, universities have continued to use existing resources to fund new loans for needy students. Absent Congressional ac-tion before the end of this month, these loans will cease to be disbursed and hundreds of thousands of students across the nation will lose a vital source of aid. 
In a higher education environment that fo-
cuses on access and affordability, the expira-tion of the Perkins Loan Program would have a devastating effect. I therefore urge that you delay the expiration of the Perkins Loan Program until Congress has the oppor-
tunity to enact a comprehensive reauthor-ization of the Higher Education Act. 
Sincerely, 
B
EVERLY WARREN , 
President. 
OBERLIN COLLEGE & CONSERVATORY , 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT , 
Oberlin, Ohio, September 18, 2015. 
Hon. R OBPORTMAN , 
U.S. Senate, Russell Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR PORTMAN : I am writing to 
you as President of Oberlin College asking that you intervene to extend the Perkins Loan Program, which is set to expire on Sep-tember 30, 2015. As you may be aware, the Perkins Program provides federal funds to institutions of higher education in order to offer low-interest loans of up to $5,500 per year to students. More than 500,000 students received Perkins Loans in the 2013–2014 aca-demic year, totaling more than $1 billion in disbursed student aid. However, not all the funding for this program comes from the fed-eral government, as up to one-third of the funds appropriated by the federal govern-ment are matched by participating institu-tions. Ultimately, Perkins Loans are an im-portant piece of the campus-based federal aid model, offering flexibility and discretion to financial aid officers to help students afford their higher education. 
At Oberlin College we have committed to 
meeting 100% of every student’s dem-onstrated financial need. While we do this predominantly with grant dollars, the Per-kins Loan Program is a vital component in making an Oberlin education affordable for both our low and middle-income families. Last year alone more than 320 Oberlin stu-dents received funding of over $1 million from the Perkins Program. Many students tell us, particularly lower income students, that without the help of the Perkins Loan it is likely they could not have attended Oberlin. 
Senator Portman, I urge you to support 
the reauthorization of the Perkins Loan Pro-gram. As history has shown us, the Perkins Program was one, if not the first, form of federal student aid that has helped millions of students afford higher education. At Oberlin, while we have a tremendous institu-tional commitment to making college af-fordable through our needbased grant pro-gram, we also know our students rely heav-ily on Perkins Loans as a means to attain their educational aspirations. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARVIN KRISLOV , 
President. 
MICHAEL BODNAR : My wife and I are very 
concerned about Congress not extending the Perkins Loan Program. With two children in College and one on the way, we would not be able to send them to the type of school need-ed to excel in this world today. 
Every time we vote the political platform 
of higher education is expressed as so impor-tant. Now we and our children are faced with the possibility of losing vital money needed to stay in college. 
We urge you to move forward and make 
sure that this program is extended. Most of our friends that have children in college rely on this program to help them pay their tui-tion. 
M
ARYBODNAR : My husband and I are very 
concerned that The Federal Perkins Loan is on the verge of being discontinued. 
By not acting on this very important issue 
which comes due on October 1st you are put-ting many families and College students at risk of not being able to afford their higher education. We have two children in college 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.021 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6994 September 29, 2015 
and one on the way and this program is vital 
to us as a family. Every year it’s time to vote a representative into office weather it’s the House of Representatives or the Senate we hear how important it is to educate our children. 
Please make sure that this important Fed-
eral Loan Program continues. All of our friends that have children in college depend on The Federal Perkins Loan Program to get their kids through college. 
Mr. PORTMAN. It is not just about 
Ohio. It is about the entire country. There are 1,700 postsecondary institu-tions that take advantage of the pro-gram. Allowing it to expire is going to affect all those institutions and all those many thousands of students. 
Tuition is far too high. We should be 
making it easier—not harder—for stu-dents to be able to pay for college. I have heard concerns from some of my colleagues that we shouldn’t extend this and not allow a unanimous con-sent agreement to occur here because they would like to improve the pro-gram to make it better and even more targeted, updated, and modernized, and make sure the funds are allocated prop-erly. I don’t disagree with that at all. I agree that this program, like every other program in the Federal Govern-ment, could be improved. That should be part of our work. We should be im-proving these programs so they are more cost effective and efficient and getting to the folks who really need the program the most. 
While I agree we need to look at it 
and make changes, I don’t think we should take this step of allowing it to expire. Why? Because, in effect, what we are doing there is we are saying that it is going to be at the expense of the students who need the aid. It should be on us. We should be doing our work. So I hope that we will go ahead and allow this extension to occur, and then let’s work on those solutions. I think that it may be easier to have these reforms take place if we are not working under the gun—in other words, allowing this program to expire. Let-ting something lapse and trying to fig-ure out how to bring it back is not the way the American people and the peo-ple of Ohio whom I represent expect Congress to work. I think we can get this done, and I think we can do this with the extension. 
The Department of Education al-
ready indicated to us that they may start to recall funding in October from colleges and universities if this pro-gram is not extended. By the way, not extending Perkins won’t help with the Nation’s budget problems, because, again, it is a revolving fund. The way it works is one loan is paid back and an-other loan is extended. 
This is the right thing to do. As we 
ensure that government continues to operate, let’s ensure the Perkins Loan Program does as well. 
I want to thank my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle for their discus-sion today on this issue. I want to urge leadership on both sides of the aisle to focus on this issue. Let’s be sure and do what the Senate should do along with 
the House. The House acted already with a 1-year extension. Let’s simply do what the House has already done. Let’s ensure we are providing loans to students who need them while we con-tinue our efforts to reform this pro-gram and make it even stronger going forward. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
JAMES ZADROGA 9 /11 HEALTH AND  
COMPENSATION REAUTHORIZATION ACT  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise today to hopefully prick the con-science of the Senate to ask the Senate to honor the memory of James Zadroga and all of those first responders who on September 11 responded to a national tragedy. 
I come to the floor to achieve a goal 
that I and others did in 2010, which was then to pass the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act, and today it is to speak to reauthorize it before it expires. 
Now, Jim Zadroga was a New 
Jerseyan, but he was also a hero who after September 11, 2001, ran towards the World Trade Center—not away—to help us recover. But while working on the site, breathing in the smoke, dust, and debris, unknown to him, he was de-veloping an illness from which he would never recover. 
Jim was the first emergency re-
sponder to die directly because of health effects from working at Ground Zero. For years we had pieces of legis-lation in Congress to right the wrong created when hundreds of emergency workers were left out of the World Trade Center emergency worker settle-ments. It took us 9 years to pass the original bill. Let’s not let it expire to-morrow. 
Let’s send a clear message to our 
first responders, those who responded on that fateful day and those who may be called upon to respond on some fu-ture fateful day, that we will never for-get what they did for their fellow citi-zens, for this Nation, on the day that changed the world—for Jim Zadroga, who passed away, and for every other first responder sick because of their re-sponse to duty, some of whom have died and left loved ones behind. 
If you told any American 14 years 
ago that we would let expire our com-mitment to provide for those who helped in the 9/11 recovery effort, that their government would be slow to re-spond to their illnesses, their suffering, and their sacrifices, no American would believe it. But that is what we are on the verge of doing. That is ex-actly what we are on the verge of doing. 
We just had the September 11 com-
memoration. We all faithfully and re-sponsibly went to remember the lives of those fellow Americans who were lost. We all paid tribute to them and to those who sacrificed in response. Yet here we are, just a few weeks after, on the verge of allowing to expire the very 
law that helps those who did their duty—some who did beyond their duty, because they were first responders not even from New York City but who came from across the country to help in the aftermath. No American would believe that we are about to let this ex-pire. That is where we are, and it must change. This law is set to expire at midnight tomorrow. 
Now, there is still enough funding to 
pay out claims for months to follow, but the reauthorization bill that I and other colleagues have cosponsored is needed now for a number of reasons. First and foremost, to provide the se-curity, the peace of mind, and reassur-ances to those first responders that these critical programs will last longer than just what the next couple of months’ funding would provide. It also permanently lifts the statute of limita-tions on the Victims Compensation Fund to provide for those first respond-ers who need access beyond next year because we don’t know what latent ill-ness may befall them as a result of their sacrifice at Ground Zero. 
Very importantly, it exempts the key 
programs from the budget sequestra-tion cuts that would hollow out the critical safety net that this program provides for those September 11 first responders. The sequestration, which I voted against, imposes arbitrary and capricious cuts to funding that will continue to provide care and support for those 9/11 heroes, who sacrificed ev-erything to help those in need on that tragic day. 
The fact is, Congress must act, and 
this time, let’s not wait for a public outcry before we ensure that these he-roes receive the care and support they deserve. Last week I stood with col-leagues and first responders to call on all of us to do what is right and honor these heroic men and women. 
Let’s reauthorize the James Zadroga 
9/11 Health and Compensation Reau-thorization Act before it expires to-morrow. It is the least we can do to say thank you for the risks they took and the sacrifices they made. Fourteen years after the attack, we still have a profound and moral obligation to take care of these brave men and women, the first responders who risked their lives and are now suffering health ef-fects as a result of their efforts. 
All of us remember that day. We re-
member where we were on the day that changed the world. We remember that it brought us closer together as family, as a community, one Nation indivis-ible. This is not a New York or a New Jersey issue. Nearly every State in the Nation has a first responder or more who ultimately will benefit from the fund because of an illness they have contracted or a loved one they left be-hind. 
There is a reason we call this great 
country the United States of America, because, in fact, whether there are wildfires in the West, flooding in the Mississippi or any other great con-sequence to our country, we take care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.003 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6995 September 29, 2015 
of our own collectively. In fact, this is 
the moment to take care of those whom we have heralded as heroes. It is not simply enough to say so in words, but we have to do so in deeds. 
We should remember that feeling 
that we had on that day and subse-quently the days afterwards and honor the heroic men and women, such as James Zadroga, and reauthorize the bill. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATIONS  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in re-
cent years we have faced a lot of dif-ficulty filling positions for service to our Federal Government, not the least of which are critical diplomatic posts around the world. We have seen delays in confirming Federal judges, one of the most important duties of the Sen-ate. These men and woman are chosen for life appointments. 
The most frustrating part of this is 
that virtually all of these nominees should be confirmed with over-whelming support. To be nominated by the President at the White House for 
an ambassadorial spot or even a Fed-eral judgeship you go through a clear-ance process in the beginning for the White House to choose this person, then a background check—and it is a pretty extensive background check— and then eventually, if the White House is satisfied this person is fit for the job, with no obstructions to their moving forward, they send them to Congress and it goes through this proc-ess all over again. 
So these nominees have been vetted 
once, twice, three times before they fi-nally reach the point where there is a vote on the nominee in a committee on Capitol Hill in the Senate. If they clear that vote—and it is a partisan vote—if they clear that vote, then they make it to the Executive Calendar. It takes a long time. While this is going on, peo-ple are sitting there in suspense as to whether they are going to be selected and when they finally might get a chance to serve. 
For some reason, we have seen a vir-
tual standstill since the Republicans have taken control of the Senate when it comes to filling critical positions ap-pointed by the President. It is time for us to schedule up-or-down votes on more than 27 foreign affairs and judi-cial nominees who are awaiting floor action. 
Given the foreign policy challenges 
we face around the world, the delays in considering delays for our ambassadors 
and other critical foreign policy posi-tions is inexcusable. Many come to the floor on the other side of the aisle every day to criticize the President and his foreign policy. Yet when he asks for men and women to serve and represent the United States in foreign countries, they languish on the calendar. 
Most of the people languishing on the 
calendar for ambassadorial spots are not political, they are professional. They are men and women who have served our government through Demo-cratic and Republican administrations, have developed a good reputation, and are now moving up to a new responsi-bility. Why in the world is the Repub-lican majority refusing to allow those men and women to serve the United States? I don’t understand it. I think it is dangerous. I think some people are putting politics ahead of national secu-rity. 
As of today, we have at least 11 for-
eign affairs nominees on the Senate Executive Calendar. Typically the vast majority of those nominees move quickly in a bipartisanship manner. However, over the past few years that has all changed. Everything is political now. Last year the Senate Republicans held up more than 30 nominees at var-ious times. At least 10 of them were held over from the last Congress. 
Most astonishingly, on the Senate 
Executive Calendar today, at a time when the international community is facing a terrible conflict in Syria, is a professional named Gayle Smith. She is a qualified nominee who wishes to serve as the head of USAID, U.S. Agen-cy for International Development. What does that Agency do? That Agen-cy provides food and medicine to the refugees of the Syrian war. It is a big process. It has to be moved into coun-tries and into refugee camps in massive amounts to keep innocent people—vic-tims of this war—alive. 
Gayle Smith has been waiting for 
weeks, if not months, for approval. So what is so controversial about her? The only controversy is she was chosen by President Obama. She is eminently qualified. No one has raised any ques-tions about her competency to do this job. She came to see me a week or two ago. She is anxious to serve our gov-ernment, and the job she has to do is critically important at this moment in history. Yet she languishes on the Sen-ate Executive Calendar not approved. So there is no nominal leader of this massive Agency which is responsible for the well-being of so many innocent people. There are another 10 just like her. In addition to this, three dozen more await confirmation in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Many of them have had hearings; they just sit there. This includes people like Jeffrey Hawkins to be the next U.S. Ambas-sador to the Central African Republic. Now, most of us would struggle to find that on a map, but the fact is, that country is facing its own conflict that has displaced more than one-half mil-lion people. Yet the post of U.S. Am-
bassador to that country goes vacant, not because of any controversy about Jeffrey Hawkins but the fact that he was chosen by this President. That is it. That is the only complaint. 
It also includes Roberta Jacobson, 
who has been named as the next Am-bassador of Mexico. Roberta is a sea-soned diplomat who would be a great asset to a country that is our neighbor and closest among Latin American countries. 
It includes Daniel Rubinstein to be 
the next Ambassador to Tunisia, one of the few countries to emerge from the Arab Spring as a functioning democ-racy. In total, some of these posts have been vacant for more than 1 year, de-spite the President’s efforts to fill them. Other nominees are supposed to replace current Ambassadors who are looking forward to moving to their next post. They cannot do it. Why? The Senate does not want to call them for a vote. 
That is a decision to be made by the 
Republican majority. It is a shame our nominees, many of whom are non-controversial, who have distinguished careers in the Foreign Service, lan-guish on the Senate Executive Cal-endar for months at a time, in some cases a year. There used to be a spirit of bipartisanship when it came to na-tional security, one that had a long and proud tradition. I hope the major-ity now will return to that proud tradi-tion. 
We have a similar delay when it 
comes to judges. So far this year—this year, and here we are in the month of September, near the end, coming into October—so far this year, the Repub-lican-controlled Senate has held con-firmation votes on six judges—six—all year. Well, you say, the President only has 2 years left. Maybe it is normal that you would not approve a judge for a lifetime appointment if he only has a little over a year left now. During President George W. Bush’s final 2 years in office, the Democratic-con-trolled Senate confirmed 68 judicial nominees—6 so far this year by the Re-publicans. At this point in 2007, the Democratic Senate had confirmed 29 of President Bush’s judicial nominees. That is nearly five times the number that has been cleared by the Repub-lican Senate, despite the fact that there is no controversy involving any of those nominees. 
There are 16 noncontroversial judi-
cial nominees currently pending on the Senate Calendar whom we could con-firm right away. Seven of these nomi-nees would fill judicial emergencies. That means they are being sent to courthouses where the cases are stack-ing up and people are asking: When am I going to get my day in court? 
Well, you will not get your day in 
court until the new judge gets his day in the Senate. We don’t know when that might happen. There is no reason to delay these confirmation votes. These nominees would be confirmed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.023 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6996 September 29, 2015 
with overwhelming support. We need to 
put them into the vacancies on the Federal bench. Overall, there are 67 va-cant Federal judgeships now, 31 of which have been designated as judicial emergencies. Most of those vacancies are from States where there is at least one Republican Senator. What that means is that nominee would not even be on the calendar were it not for the approval of that Republican Senator. So they have bipartisan support. I urge my Republican colleagues to work in good faith to fill these vacancies on the Federal bench. This is an important re-sponsibility of the Senate. We should not neglect it. 
The vast majority of nominees could 
be confirmed today. If debate is needed on a few of them, so be it. If a rollcall is needed, let’s have it. We cannot leave vacant important positions in 
our government and in our judicial sys-tem: 16 judicial nominees, 11 nominees for foreign affairs. We could vote on them this afternoon. Are we holding off the vote because we are too busy on the Senate floor? If you are following the Senate, you know that is not the case. It is time for us to do our jobs so these nominees can do theirs. For the sake of national security and our sys-tem of justice, let’s move forward in a bipartisan fashion and vote on these nominees. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES  
Mr. President, another school year 
has begun. In August, I marked the oc-casion by holding a press conference outside of Argosy University. Don’t be surprised if you have not heard the name Argosy University. It is a for- profit college in downtown Chicago. This for-profit college is part of an in-dustry that enrolls 10 percent of all college students—the for-profit col-leges and universities—10 percent of the students. They take in 20 percent of all the Department of Education fi-nancial aid. Here is the kicker. For- profit colleges and universities account for 44 percent of all the student loan defaults: 10 percent of the students, 44 percent of the student loan defaults. 
Why does that happen? Because of 
several things. First, they are very ex-pensive. They accept anyone—virtually anyone. Many of the students start going to these for-profit schools and re-alize they are getting too deep in debt and they drop out. Then they have the worst world: a student debt and no de-gree. Some of them finish the school, finish the course, and are given a di-ploma. They find out that they cannot get a job with it. 
When you look at the Brookings In-
stitution’s recent study of for-profit schools, they ranked last when it comes to good-paying jobs after col-lege. Then what happens? The students cannot make enough money to pay off their student loans and they default. That, sadly, is the cycle that has faced thousands of students across America. This industry is in trouble. It is in such trouble that many of the large for-prof-it schools are threatened and some have collapsed. The largest, Corinthian 
College, this for-profit university sent shock waves through the industry. They raked in profits, leaving students with mountains of debt, and then when they were asked to prove to the Fed-eral Government that the students ac-tually got a job after they graduated, they falsified the returns to the Fed-eral Government. When they were chal-lenged, they went under. They sunk. 
When they sunk, look what hap-
pened. The students who had gone to school there were told: Corinthian just disappeared. You no longer have a uni-versity. Then they learned that the courses they took could not be trans-ferred to any other school except maybe another for-profit school some-
where. The net result of it is, the stu-dents had an option: give up whatever credits they had at Corinthian and walk away from their student loans or keep their Corinthian credits and pay their student loans. 
The students who walked away from 
their student loans, of course, created an obligation to Federal taxpayers who had to make up the difference. 
Argosy University is another one of 
these for-profit colleges. It is owned by Education Management Corporation. It is one of the companies that are also being looked at very carefully. Stu-dents who walk through Argosy’s doors in Chicago or surf their ads online con-sidering enrollment should know the company that runs this school, Argosy University, is under investigation by at least 14 different State attorneys gen-eral for unfair and deceptive practices. 
In 2013, the Colorado attorney gen-
eral sued EDMC, which owns Argosy, for deceiving, misleading, and finan-cially injuring students. The Colorado 
attorney general’s investigation cen-tered on Argosy and found a long, elaborate pattern of deceptive behavior by the school. That is not all. EDMC is also being sued by the Department of Justice under the Federal False Claims Act for falsely certifying compliance with provisions of Federal law. It turns out that they are incentivizing people to sign up students at their schools, these for-profit schools. They give them a signing bonus if they can lure some young student into signing up. That violates the law. 
In addition, the San Francisco city 
attorney found that EDMC, the com-pany that runs Argosy, engaged in marketing tactics that underestimated program costs for students and inflated job placement figures. They were just flatout lying to these kids. 
According to the Department of Edu-
cation, EDMC is considered ‘‘not finan-cially responsible.’’ It has been placed on the Department’s special heightened cash monitoring status. 
The company withdrew its stock 
from trading on NASDAQ because it no longer wanted to make public filings with the SEC. You see, if you make a public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission and lie, you can go to jail, so they just withdrew their stock rather than be caught lying. In addition, in Chicago, an Argosy 
student seeking an associate’s degree in business, information technology, or psychology will pay about $34,000 in tuition to this for-profit school. Two blocks away, the students at City Col-leges of Chicago Harold Washington Campus are also getting the same de-gree, and the cost there is $7,000. It is $34,000 at Argosy and $7,000 at the City Colleges of Chicago. Incidentally, the hours at the City Colleges of Chicago are transferable to other universities and schools—not if it is Argosy. 
One in fifty students at the Harold 
Washington Campus is likely to default ultimately when it comes to paying their student loans; at Argosy, one out of seven. It is just too darn expensive, and these kids cannot pay back the loans. 
A recent Brookings report found that 
Argosy University Chicago—the one I visited in August—is No. 9 in the coun-try on the list of schools whose stu-dents owe the most in Federal student loans. They owe a total of $6.2 billion— 
billion. In fact, of the top 25 schools on the list, 13 are for-profit colleges and account for 10 percent of all the out-standing student loan debt in America. 
I want to close, as I see my colleague 
is on the floor seeking recognition. I close by using one more example: ITT Tech. It sounds great, doesn’t it. It is No. 16 on Brookings’ list. Students owe $4.6 billion in loans. It is not sur-prising. An associate’s degree, a 2-year degree at ITT Tech, costs $47,000, and the students have a one-in-five chance of defaulting on the loans they make at that school. Meanwhile, ITT Tech, which does business in Chicago—Ar-lington Heights, Orland Park, and Oak Brook—has been under investigation by at least 18 State attorneys general for unfair and deceptive practices, has been sued by the New Mexico attorney general for misrepresentation to stu-dents about their accreditation status and sued by the Federal Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau for preda-tory lending. The list just goes on. 
The point I am getting to is we are 
subsidizing these schools. This is the most heavily subsidized for-profit busi-ness in America; 80 percent to 95 per-cent of their revenue comes straight from the Federal Treasury. If all of the money going to for-profit colleges and universities—think about the Univer-sity of Phoenix, DeVry, Kaplan—if all of that money were combined, this would be the ninth largest Federal agency in Washington. But, instead, the CEOs who run these for-profit com-panies are making a ton of money. The top man at the University of Phoenix— the biggest one—makes $9 million a year. How is that for being a college president? And some of these other ones, small change—$3 million a year. They get to run these for-profit schools while these kids stack up in debt, end up defaulting, and end with their lives ruined. Incidentally, defaulting on a debt means you still owe it to the grave. Student loan debts are not dis-chargeable in bankruptcy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.025 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6997 September 29, 2015 
I could go through a long list, but I 
hope Congress comes to its senses when the higher education bill comes to the floor. This rip-off, this scam on stu-dents and families across America, has to come to an end. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY AND COST OF  
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I rise 
to discuss one of the major crises fac-ing our health care system today, and that is that the pharmaceutical indus-try itself has become a major health hazard to the American people. The pharmaceutical industry in this coun-try is charging the American people by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. 
The result is that one out of five 
Americans, including patients suf-fering from cancer who get a prescrip-tion from a doctor, is unable to afford to fill that prescription. This is totally absurd. The result is that Americans who are unable to buy the drugs that were prescribed to them become much sicker than they should have been, and in some cases they die. The result is also that people will end up in the emergency room or in the hospital at great expense to themselves and to the system because they were unable to af-ford the drugs that would have im-proved their health. 
As Dr. Marcia Angell, a senior lec-
turer in social medicine at Harvard Medical School and a former editor of the New England Journal of Medicine, recently wrote in the Washington Post: 
Why do drug companies charge so much? 
Because they can. 
Simple truth. There is not a rational 
economic reason for that. They charge outrageously high prices because no-body is stopping them in this country. 
The United States is the only major 
country on Earth—the only one—that does not in one form or another regu-late prescription drug prices. What that means is you could walk into the drugstore and the pharmacy tomorrow, and you could find that the price you are paying for a drug you have been using for many years has doubled, tri-pled, or gone up 10 times, and the United States has chosen to be the only major country on Earth that does not address this issue. 
Let me give a few examples, some of 
which have received a good deal of at-tention recently. 
In the United States, Daraprim, a 
prescription drug used to treat patients diagnosed with cancer and AIDS, shot up in price from $18 a pill to $750 a pill, literally overnight, after this drug was acquired by a former hedge fund man-ager by the name of Martin Shkreli, 
who is quickly becoming the poster child for pharmaceutical greed. This same exact drug sells for 66 cents a pill in Britain, and Mr. Shkreli is charging the American people $750 for a drug used to treat patients with cancer and AIDS. That makes no sense to me, and it makes no sense to the American peo-ple. 
Last week Congressman E
LIJAH CUM-
MINGS and I sent a letter to Mr. Shkreli 
asking him to explain why the price of this drug has skyrocketed by over 4,000 percent. Now the good news—or it ap-pears to be the good news—is that Mr. Shkreli recently said he would lower the price of this lifesaving drug, al-though he has not yet indicated what the new price will be. But let’s be very clear—this is just one of many exam-ples of price gouging within the phar-maceutical industry. 
I wish to give another example. In 
the United States the prescription drug Sovaldi, which is used to treat a very serious and widespread disease, Hepa-titis C, costs $1,000 a pill—a thousand bucks a pill. In Europe, the same exact drug, made by the same exact com-pany, costs $555 a pill. In Egypt and India, the same drug costs $11 a pill. 
The cost of this drug has become so 
expensive that Medicaid and the Vet-erans’ Administration—and many vet-erans are suffering with Hepatitis C— 
both Medicaid and the VA are ration-ing access to Sovaldi and other block-buster Hepatitis C drugs to only the sickest patients. In other words, people in the United States are dying and suf-fering because they or the government programs they rely on—Medicaid or the VA—are simply unable to afford the outrageous prices this company is charging. 
According to a recent article in the 
Atlantic magazine, despite rationing Sovaldi, the State of New Mexico—and I am just using New Mexico as one ex-ample; this is taking place all across the country—the State of New Mexico will spend an estimated $140 million this year on that drug alone. 
I should tell you this issue first came 
to my attention as the former chair-man of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee when the VA requested an addi-tional $1.3 billion for that particular drug—$1.3 billion for one drug. This is unacceptable and it has to change. 
Last year, the pharmaceutical indus-
try—shock of all shocks; I know the American people will be very surprised to hear this—the pharmaceutical in-dustry spent $250 million on lobbying and campaign contributions, and they employed some 1,400 lobbyists. Well, that is what you get when you spend one-quarter of a billion dollars and you have 1,400 lobbyists on Capitol Hill. What you get is the ability to rip off 
the American people, to charge our people prices far higher than the people of any other country on Earth pay. And you have the three largest drug compa-nies in this country making $45 billion in profit last year. So that is not a bad investment. Hey, just spread the money around on Capitol Hill—$250 million—throw in some campaign con-tributions, and the three largest drug companies make $45 billion in a year. Meanwhile, all over this country, one out of five Americans cannot afford to fill their prescriptions. People die. Peo-ple become sick. State governments spend huge sums of money on these drugs because they are so expensive. 
The time has come to say loudly and 
clearly: Yes, the drug companies make a lot of campaign contributions, but maybe, just maybe, Congress might have the radical idea that it is more important for us to represent our con-stituents than the people who throw all kinds of money at us in Congress. 
It is unacceptable that total spending 
on medicine in the United States has gone up by more than 90 percent since 2002. It is unacceptable that the month-ly cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last 10 years to $9,900 a month. In the United States of Amer-ica, you should not be forced into bankruptcy because you are diagnosed with cancer. 
It is time—in fact, the time is long 
overdue—for our country and our Con-gress to join the rest of the industri-alized world by implementing prescrip-tion drug policies that work for every-body and not just the owners in the pharmaceutical industry. That is why I recently introduced legislation to lower the cost of prescription drugs in America. That legislation is cospon-sored by Senator A
LFRANKEN of Min-
nesota and was introduced in the House by Congressman E
LIJAH CUMMINGS . 
Specifically, this is what the bill 
would do: No. 1, it requires Medicare to use its bargaining power to negotiate with the prescription drug companies for better prices—a practice that was banned by the Bush administration several years ago. No. 2, this bill would allow individuals, pharmacists, and wholesalers to import prescription drugs from licensed Canadian phar-macies, where drug prices are signifi-cantly lower than they are in the United States. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a comparison of the prices of some drugs in the United States with Canada be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
BRAND VS. BRAND 
[Manufactured by the same company at the same cost. Delivered to two different countries] 
United States Canada 
Advair Diskus 
Condition: Asthma & COPD ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. $878.31 $212.01 ¥76% 
Crestor 
Condition: High Cholesterol .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 608.72 160.05 ¥74% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.026 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6998 September 29, 2015 
BRAND VS. BRAND—Continued 
[Manufactured by the same company at the same cost. Delivered to two different countries] 
United States Canada 
Premarin 
Condition: Estrogen Therapy .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 324.99 90.00 ¥72% 
Abilify 
Condition: Depression .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 2,615.08 467.07 ¥82% 
Zetia 
Condition: High Cholesterol .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 636.49 183.45 ¥71% 
Nexium 
Condition: Heartburn ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 682.42 228.60 ¥67% 
Synthroid 
Condition: Hypothyroidism ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 878.31 212.01 ¥76% 
Januvia 
Condition: Type-2 Diabetes ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 970.56 273.60 ¥72% 
Celebrex 
Condition: Arthritis ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 878.31 212.01 ¥76% 
Diovan 
Condition: High Blood Pressure ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 475.04 144.90 ¥70% 
Prices obtained May 19th, 2015 using average U.S. cash price for a 90 day personal supply from GoodRx.com using New York reside nt pricing and average Canadian mail-order pharmacy price. 
Mr. SANDERS. I will give a few ex-
amples. We have a drug called Crestor that deals with high cholesterol. Here in the United States, we pay $608 for a 90-day supply; in Canada $160—74 per-cent less in Canada. Premarin for es-trogen therapy is $324 in the United States and $90 in Canada. Nexium is $782 in the United States and $228 in Canada. Synthroid is $878 in the United States and $212 in Canada. It is the same product, the same company. It is not generic. These are the same exact brand name products. Celebrex—a widely used drug for arthritis—is $878 in the United States and $212 in Can-ada. 
What this bill would do, in addition 
to having Medicare negotiate drug prices with the pharmaceutical indus-try—which would substantially lower the prices Medicare pays—this bill would allow individuals, pharmacists, and wholesalers to import prescription drugs from licensed Canadian phar-macies, where drug prices are substan-tially lower than they are in the United States. 
I live 100 miles away from the Cana-
dian border. In 1999, I took a busload of Vermonters—mostly women, many of them dealing with breast cancer—over the Canadian border into Montreal. As long as I live, I will never forget the looks on their faces when they bought the same medicine they were buying in Vermont, in the U.S.A., for one-tenth of the price—one-tenth of the price. These were working-class women who were struggling with breast cancer and who didn’t have a whole lot of money. They were able to purchase the exact same medicine for 10 percent of the price in Montreal. That makes no sense to me, and it only speaks to the power of the pharmaceutical industry over the Congress that we have Members here who vote for all kinds of free- trade agreements—they just love free trade. We can bring in any product we want from China. We can have lettuce and tomatoes coming in from farms in Mexico. But for some strange reason we cannot bring in brand name drugs from Canada. We just can’t do it. We can’t figure out how to do it. And ev-erybody here knows what the reason is—it is the power of the pharma-ceutical industry, their campaign do-nations, and their lobbying efforts. Our bill does a lot more than that. 
We cannot in good conscience tell peo-ple in our States that they must con-tinue to pay outrageously high prices for prescription drugs when year after year drug companies make billions of dollars in profit and year after year people in our country get sicker and in some cases die because they can’t af-ford the medicine they need. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND ECONOMIC GROWTH  
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, last 
Friday, China announced its decision to implement a national cap-and-trade program beginning in 2017. It will cover the majority of China’s greenhouse gas emissions, including those from power generation, iron and steel production, cement, chemicals, and manufacturing. In creating the world’s largest market- based program that puts a price on car-bon pollution, China is showing that it knows that climate change and eco-nomic growth can be addressed at the same time. 
China stepped up on climate finance 
as well, matching the United States’ contribution to the Green Climate Fund. China’s announcement directly counters the arguments made by oppo-nents of climate action here at home. The original idea was that essentially we should wait for China, that our ac-tions would not make a difference without China, or worse, that we would be harming our own economic growth while they kept burning fossil fuels. 
That argument, originally—that idea 
that on the challenge of our generation we should wait for other countries— was ridiculous on its face. After all, the United States must always lead. We are the indispensable Nation regardless of what the other countries may or 
may not be doing. But even if you sub-scribe to that argument, everything changed last week. The world is taking action around us. We are now at risk of being left behind, both in terms of our energy systems and our international standing. 
China’s recent announcement to peak 
its coal use, reduce emissions from superpollutants, and now its decision to implement a cap-and-trade program throw the old arguments out the win-dow. 
Those who oppose climate action 
have also said that addressing climate change would slow economic growth. Of course, we have known for years that this is not true. Consider the plummeting cost of clean energy or savings at the pump due to higher fuel economy standards, both of which are good for consumers and good for the climate. Now we have further con-firmation that countries can reduce emissions without sacrificing economic growth. 
China obviously has no interest in 
putting the brakes on its growth. By including in its cap-and-trade program many sectors that are vital to its fu-ture growth, China is showing the United States and the rest of the world that it means business. China does not have a monopoly on ideas to reduce carbon pollution. In fact, most of their good ideas are still coming from us. The Senate has a long history of pro-posing market-based solutions to cli-mate change, dating back to the 2003 Climate Stewardship Act from Sen-ators M
CCAINand L IEBERMAN . 
Earlier this year, Senator W HITE-
HOUSE and I reintroduced our American 
Opportunity Carbon Fee Act. Our bill would impose a price on carbon pollu-tion and use the revenues to cut a $500 
check for all Americans, while low-ering the corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 29 percent. Econo-mists from across the political spec-trum agree this is good policy. 
Putting a price on carbon in a rev-
enue-neutral way will provide numer-ous benefits above and beyond the sig-nificant cuts in carbon pollution. It will give companies the policy cer-tainty that they need, and it will send a price signal to polluters. By using revenues to lower tax rates and provide dividends to every American, we can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.004 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6999 September 29, 2015 
stimulate economic growth and protect 
the most vulnerable among us. 
Carbon pollution entails costs, but 
right now taxpayers are footing the bill. By making polluters responsible for the damage they cause and return-ing all of the revenues to individuals and employers, we will send a signal that innovation in clean energy and other low-carbon technologies will be the driving force behind the global economy of the 21st century. 
The United States should not cede 
leadership in those sectors to China, Germany or any other country. We al-ways lead. It is what Americans do best. American ingenuity led to some of the most exciting developments in the last century—from the airplane and the assembly line to the micro-processors and solar cells. With the right policies, we can assure American leadership for the next century as well. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD EVANS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the distinguished career of Richard Evans, who has served as a Transportation Security Administra-tion, TSA, aviation compliance inspec-tor, passenger service manager, and county sheriff. 
Richard Evans has always been a 
man of sound judgement and convic-tion. He began his law enforcement ca-reer at the Orange County Sheriff’s De-partment in 1964 at the age of 21. As would become recurrent in his career, Richard rose through the ranks for 20 years and retired from the sheriff’s de-partment as an investigator. During Richard’s exemplary career, he partici-pated in numerous high-level, dan-gerous undercover cases. The depart-ment called upon Richard to partici-pate in many joint Federal, State, and local task forces. He always answered the call and was willing to go above and beyond. 
Following his service with the Or-
ange County Sheriff’s Department, Richard spent 17 years rising through the ranks of the world’s largest airline fleet, American Airlines. Richard worked at the John Wayne Airport in Orange County, the Ontario Inter-
national Airport, and the Los Angeles International Airport. He completed his career with American Airlines at McCarran Airport in 2001. 
In the aftermath of September 11, 
2001, Richard answered the call to serv-ice yet again and joined the TSA. He was quickly assigned to the law en-forcement liaison section, where he built upon his 20 year law enforcement career and his 17 years with American Airlines. For nearly two decades, Rich-ard has been the point of contact for all dignitary movements and special-ized screening at McCarran Airport. In conjunction with Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials, Rich-ard seamlessly ensured the safe and se-curity of dignitaries in one of the Na-tion’s busiest airports. 
Official records note thousands of 
successful escorts, which include es-corts for the President of the United States, the Vice-President of the United States, and former Presidents. Richard has personally coordinated the movements of Kings, Queens, Prime Ministers, Princes, Princesses, Ambas-sadors, and senior officials from more than 57 different countries. Nearly every Governor in the United States, a vast majority of Executive Branch Cab-inet Secretaries, multiple Supreme Court Justices, and countless Members of Congress have experienced Richard’s unrivaled expertise and without fail ev-eryone agrees: Richard is the standard for exceptional service. 
Richard Evans is a wonderful man 
and one of the finest public servants I have had the pleasure of meeting dur-ing my career. His trustworthy, prob-lem-solving nature was always appar-ent when crises or challenges presented themselves. Dignitaries in the United States and around the world were for-tunate to have been in his capable care. I commend Richard for his service to this Nation, and I wish him the best in his retirement and future endeavors. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this 
month, the Senate passed a resolution recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month and celebrating Hispanic Americans as dedicated public servants in the high-est levels of government. These great Americans include a Supreme Court Justice, 3 U.S. Senators, 34 members of the House of Representatives, and 3 members of the President’s Cabinet. I commend the U.S. Senate for passing this resolution celebrating Hispanic heritage, but we should be doing much more than approving a resolution. We should be working on a bipartisan basis to pass comprehensive immigration re-form, as the Senate did last Congress under a Democratic majority. At the same time, the Senate should imme-diately confirm the several judicial nominees supported by the nonpartisan Hispanic National Bar Association. 
There are three outstanding Hispanic 
judicial nominees that are currently pending on the Senate’s Executive Cal-
endar: Luis Felipe Restrepo, nominated to a judicial emergency vacancy in the Third Circuit; Armando Bonilla, nomi-nated to a judicial vacancy in the Court of Federal Claims; and John Mi-chael Vazquez, nominated to a judicial emergency vacancy in the district of New Jersey. A fourth, Dax Lopez, has been nominated to a judicial vacancy in the Northern District of Georgia, and is still awaiting a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. 
These dedicated public servants are 
eager to serve, but they have been blocked by the Republican leadership’s virtual shutdown of the judicial con-firmation process since they took over the majority in January. More than 8 months into this new Congress, the Re-publican leadership has allowed just six votes for judges. At this rate, the Sen-ate this year will confirm the fewest number of judges in more than a half century. Luis Felipe Restrepo, Armando Bonilla, John Michael 
Vazquez, and Dax Lopez all deserve an up or down vote by this Senate. 
Judge Restrepo was nominated last 
year to fill an emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Pennsylvania. If confirmed, Judge Restrepo would be the first His-panic judge from Pennsylvania to ever serve on this appellate court and only the second Hispanic judge to serve on the Third Circuit. He was unanimously confirmed 2 years ago by the Senate to serve as a district court judge. During his tenure as both a Federal district court judge and as a Federal mag-istrate judge, he has presided over 56 trials that have gone to verdict or judgment. He is superbly qualified, and I have heard no objection to his nomi-nation. Despite his outstanding creden-tials and experience, it took the Repub-lican majority 7 months just to sched-ule a hearing in the Judiciary Com-mittee for this qualified nominee. 
Judge Restrepo has bipartisan sup-
port from both Pennsylvania Senators and was voted out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote. He has the strong endorsement of the nonpartisan Hispanic National Bar As-sociation. At his confirmation hearing in June, Senator T
OOMEY stated that 
‘‘there is no question Judge Restrepo is a very well-qualified candidate to serve on the Third Circuit.’’ Senator T
OOMEY  
described Judge Restrepo’s life story as ‘‘an American dream’’ and recounted how Judge Restrepo came to the United States from Colombia and rose to the top of his profession by ‘‘virtue of his hard work, his intellect, his in-tegrity.’’ I could not agree more. 
Given his remarkable credentials, 
wealth of experience, and strong bipar-tisan support, the Senate should have confirmed Judge Restrepo months ago. Instead, for 10 months since his nomi-nation back in November 2014, he has been denied a vote on his confirmation. No Senate Democrat opposes a vote on his nomination. He is being denied a confirmation vote by Senate Repub-lican leadership. No one doubts that he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.034 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7000 September 29, 2015 
will be confirmed once Majority Leader 
MCCONNELL schedules his vote. I have 
heard Senator T OOMEY indicate his 
strong support and that he would like to see Judge Restrepo receive a vote, but I have yet to see him ask for a firm commitment on a vote. The people of Pennsylvania are no doubt wondering when this longstanding and emergency 
vacancy on their appeals court will be filled. 
Another outstanding public servant 
is Armando Bonilla, who was first nom-inated to serve on the U.S. Court of Federal Claims back in May 2014. If confirmed, Mr. Bonilla would be the first Hispanic judge to hold a seat on that court. He is strongly endorsed by the Hispanic National Bar Association. He has spent his entire career, now spanning over two decades, as an attor-ney for the Department of Justice. He was hired out of law school into the Department’s prestigious Honors Pro-gram and has risen to become an asso-ciate deputy attorney general in the Department. 
Armando Bonilla’s background is 
also one that reminds us of the Amer-ican dream. The son of a Cuban immi-grant and Cuban American father, Mr. Bonilla has told the story of his moth-er’s flight from Havana with his aunt and his grandmother. He has told the story of his uncle, ‘‘Tı ´o Mario,’’ who 
eventually disappeared trying to help other exiles. And he has told the story of his father, who dropped out of high school, but served our country by join-ing the Marines and took on several jobs to support Armando and his sister. As Mr. Bonilla has beautifully de-scribed, his father ‘‘exemplified the most outstanding qualities of the His-panic culture and Hispanic people: the selfless sacrifice, the steely resolve, and unbridled optimism and the gen-uine pride in an honest day’s work—all toward the cause of improving the lives of the next generation.’’ Mr. Bonilla should be confirmed without further delay. 
The U.S. Court of Federal Claims has 
been operating with several vacancies since February 2013. Only 11 of the 16 seats on the court are occupied by ac-tive judges. We could have a court working at full strength if we con-firmed Mr. Bonilla and the other four nominees pending on the Senate Execu-tive Calendar. All five of them were nominated more than a year ago and have twice been voted out of the Judi-ciary Committee by unanimous voice vote. There is no good reason to delay an up-or-down vote for these uncontroversial nominees. 
John Michael Vazquez was nomi-
nated to a judicial emergency vacancy in the district of New Jersey in March. He has been a public servant for both the Office of the Attorney General for the State of New Jersey and as a Fed-eral prosecutor in the U.S. attorney’s office in the District of New Jersey. During his tenure in the U.S. attor-ney’s office, Mr. Vazquez handled a wide array of Federal investigations and prosecutions while serving in the 
general crimes unit, the major nar-cotics unit, the terrorism unit, and the securities and health care fraud unit. 
The ABA Standing Committee on the 
Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Mr. Vazquez ‘‘Well Qualified’’ to serve as a district judge, its highest rating. He also has the support of his two home State Senators, Senators M
ENEN -
DEZand B OOKER . He was voted out of 
the Judiciary Committee by voice vote. There is no reason why Mr. Vazquez, along with Judge Restrepo and Mr. Bonilla, should not be con-firmed today. Each of the outstanding Hispanic judicial nominees pending on the floor will be confirmed overwhelm-ingly if Majority Leader M
CCONNELL  
will simply schedule a confirmation vote. 
Over the past 7 years, the Senate has 
acted to confirm some outstanding His-panic American judicial nominees. President Obama nominated the first Latina to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court, as well as the first Latino cir-cuit judges in three circuits: Alberto Diaz on the fourth circuit, Adalberto Jordan on the 11th circuit, and Jimmie Reyna on the Federal Circuit; and has already appointed 35 Hispanic Ameri-cans to serve on the Federal bench, more than any other president in his-tory. But this record does not mean that the Senate should shut down any further confirmations as some in the majority may desire. The Senate has an obligation to vote on judicial nomi-nees in regular order and to consider them fairly based on their individual merit. 
A recent report from The Brookings 
Institution dated September 18, 2015, confirms that the Republican obstruc-tion on judicial nominees is unprece-dented in recent history. It states: ‘‘Senate Republicans’ aggressive slow-down in judicial confirmations so far in 2015 . . . are contrary to the confirma-tion records in the final two years of the other two-term presidencies since 1961—Ronald Reagan, William Clinton, and George W. Bush.’’ And a recent re-port by the Alliance for Justice, dated September 17, 2015, notes that ‘‘the bur-geoning vacancies are the result of playing politics with judicial selection. And the victims are the people and businesses who cannot access courts to seek justice and the judges who must shoulder the burden of increased case-loads and fewer resources.’’ 
I urge all Senators to read these re-
ports as well as a recent story in the Associated Press that highlights the real consequences of Senate Repub-licans’ judicial blockade. The story highlights a case brought by Latino migrant farmworkers for wage theft in Federal district court in eastern Cali-fornia. I ask unanimous consent that the Associated Press article be printed in the R
ECORD . The workers have wait-
ed more than 3 years to learn whether they can proceed with their claim. As years go by, the workers’ attorney wor-ries that her clients will have moved and be impossible to reach if and when 
she is able to recover their stolen wages. This is another heartbreaking example that justice delayed is effec-tively justice denied. The Senate, how-ever, can act right now to alleviate the considerable backlog of cases in the Eastern District of California by con-firming the noncontroversial pending nominee for this court, Federal Mag-istrate Judge Dale Drozd. Judge Drozd was voice voted out of the Judiciary Committee in June, and there is no reason why we cannot vote today on his confirmation. 
The Republican leadership’s virtual 
shutdown of judicial confirmations has only served to undermine the judicial branch and harm the American people. I urge Senate Republicans to change course and lead responsibly. The Sen-ate should immediately turn to the confirmation vote of Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo and then schedule confirma-tion votes for the other 15 judicial nominees, including Mr. Bonilla and Mr. Vazquez, without further delay. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Associated Press, Sept. 27, 2015] 
WHEELS OF JUSTICE SLOW AT OVERLOADED  
FEDERAL COURTS  
(By Sudhin Thanawala) 
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)—Attorney Martha 
Gomez has been waiting more than three years to hear from a federal court whether a group of farm workers in California’s Central Valley can proceed with their lawsuit alleg-ing wage theft. 
The case in California’s Eastern District 
could result in payouts for thousands of mi-grant workers, but each passing day raises the possibility that they will have moved on and be impossible to track down, Gomez said. 
‘‘Everybody is in limbo, and it’s hard to ex-
plain that,’’ she said. 
Across the country, federal district courts 
have seen a rise in recent years in the time it takes to get civil cases to trial and resolve felony criminal cases as judges’ workloads have increased, according to statistics from the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. 
The problem is particularly acute in some 
federal courts such as California’s and Texas’s Eastern Districts. Judges there have workloads about twice the national average and say they are struggling to keep up. 
The result, the judges and attorneys say, is 
longer wait times in prison for defendants awaiting trial, higher costs for civil lawsuits and delays that can render those suits moot. 
‘‘I think it’s fair to say that things are 
quite bad,’’ said Matt Menendez, a lawyer with the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law who has stud-ied judicial caseloads. 
Legal scholars say Congress needs to fill 
judicial vacancies more quickly but also in-crease the number of judges in some dis-tricts—both issues that get bogged down in partisan political fights over judicial nomi-nees. 
California’s Eastern District, which covers 
a large swath of the state that includes Sac-ramento and Fresno, has had an unfilled ju-dicial vacancy for nearly three years, and it has the same number of judicial positions— six—it had in 1978, according to the Adminis-trative Office of the U.S. Courts. 
The Judicial Conference of the United 
States, the national policy-making body for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.010 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7001 September 29, 2015 
the federal courts, has recommended Con-
gress double the number of judicial positions in the district. 
In the late 1990s, the median time for civil 
cases to go to trial in the district averaged 2 years and four months. From 2009 to 2014, that number jumped by more than a year. The median time to resolve criminal cases nearly doubled to an average of 13 months. 
‘‘You’re never out from under it,’’ said 
Morrison England, the court’s chief judge. ‘‘You’re constantly trying to do what you can to get these cases resolved, and we just can’t do it.’’ 
The weighted caseload per judge has 
climbed from an average of nearly 600 in the late 1990s to over a 1,000. 
The Eastern District of Texas has seen 
similar increases. 
‘‘The way one older judge put it to me: ’If 
you have too many cases, you start to lose the time to think about them,’’’ said Ron Clark, the court’s chief judge. 
The vacancy in California’s Eastern Dis-
trict is in Fresno, which is down to just one full-time district court judge. 
Attorneys say they are reluctant to file 
cases in the Fresno court because of delays and have faced additional expenses from hav-ing to drive to Sacramento when their case gets assigned to a judge there who has been called in to help. 
Gomez’s April 2012 lawsuit was filed in 
Fresno and alleges that Castlerock Farming and Transport forced the workers—grape harvesters—to work off the clock and did not provide them with proper rest breaks. 
Jim Hanlon, an attorney for Castlerock, 
said he does not comment on pending cases. The company says in court documents it did not directly employ the workers and has al-ready defended their claims in a separate lawsuit. 
Anthony Raimondo, an attorney for an-
other defendant in the case, said at least some of the time it’s taken to resolve the lawsuit can be attributed to its complexity. 
The case lists multiple defendants and al-
leged labor code violations and seeks class action status on behalf of as many as several thousand employees. Early on, the judge overseeing the case, Senior U.S. District Judge Anthony Ishii, put it on hold pending a class certification ruling in a related case. 
But Raimando and Gomez say there have 
been delays that appear to have no expla-nation other than a backlogged court. Castlerock, for example, filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit last September that the judge has yet to rule on. 
A woman who answered the phone in Ishii’s 
chambers said he would be away until the end of September and unavailable for com-ment. 
Lawrence O’Neill, the one full-time dis-
trict court judge in Fresno, said he could not comment on any pending case. But he said the court’s caseload has made it difficult to get trial dates for civil cases. 
He pointed to two cases on his docket—one 
alleging excessive force by police and the other race and sex discrimination by an em-ployer—that were filed in 2013, but won’t go to trial until 2017. 
‘‘We can slow things down because we sim-
ply can’t work any harder or faster,’’ he said. ‘‘But the real important effect of that is peo-ple who need our help to move their lives for-ward are delayed.’’ 
f 
PERKINS LOAN PROGRAM 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, unless we 
act quickly, our longest running stu-dent loan program—the Perkins Loan Program—will meet its demise on Sep-tember 30. It will end not because it is ineffective or because it does not make 
college more affordable for needy stu-dents or because we have debated and built consensus on how best to reform our Federal student loan programs. Rather, the Perkins Loan Program might end because some of my col-leagues refuse to extend it as we rou-tinely do with other programs awaiting reauthorization. We should not allow this to happen. I hope that my col-
leagues will swiftly approve H.R. 3594, the Higher Education Extension Act, a bipartisan bill to extend the Perkins Loan Program that the House of Rep-resentatives passed by a unanimous vote yesterday. 
The Perkins Loan Program was cre-
ated in 1958 as the National Defense Student Loan Program. Approximately 1,500 colleges and universities, includ-ing a dozen in my home State of Rhode Island, disburse more than $1.2 billion in Perkins loans to students who have demonstrated exceptional financial need. 
The Perkins Loan Program carries 
some of the most generous terms of all the Federal student loan programs. Perkins loans are offered at a low, fixed rate of 5 percent. No interest ac-crues until the student enters repay-ment, which starts after a 9-month grace period, giving the recent grad-uate time to get on his or her feet. The Perkins Loan Program also encourages public service, offering generous loan forgiveness for many public sector ca-reers, including for school librarians, something that I have long cham-pioned. 
Another compelling feature of the 
Perkins Loan Program is that partici-pating institutions must contribute their own resources—$1 for every 2 Fed-eral dollars. Many institutions, includ-ing colleges and universities in Rhode Island, have invested more than their legal obligation. As students repay their loans, institutions are able to make new loans. In other words, par-ticipating colleges and universities have a real stake in students being able to repay their loans, something that is missing from our other Federal student loan programs and something that I have been advocating we need more, not less, of. 
In Rhode Island during the 2013–2014 
school year, over 9,000 students attend-ing Rhode Island colleges benefitted from more than $18 million in low-cost Perkins loans. Without this assistance, these students would face a gap in their ability to pay for college and could be forced into risky private loans or higher cost parent loans. 
We need to maintain the Perkins 
Loan Program as we continue working towards a comprehensive reauthoriza-tion of the Higher Education Act. We cannot and should not leave needy stu-dents and families in the lurch by cut-ting off access to this vital program. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
swift passage of H.R. 3594, the Higher Education Extension Act, to ensure there is no lapse in the availability of Perkins loans. NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I wish 
to discuss the international nuclear agreement with Iran, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, JCPOA. Reached on July 14, 2015, after years of difficult negotiations among the United States and the other P5+1 countries—China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and Germany—and Iran, the agreement confronts the Ira-nian nuclear program, which has long been the subject of U.S., European Union, and United Nations sanctions. 
Throughout these years of inter-
national negotiations, and more re-cently, during these months of congres-sional debate, I have been focused on one goal—ensuring that our dual-track policy of diplomacy and economic sanctions results in an outcome that verifiably prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. Iran getting the bomb is simply unacceptable, and blocking that is in our national secu-rity interests and that of our allies, in-cluding Israel. 
This international agreement im-
pacts the safety and security of Ameri-cans and our allies and is an incredibly serious matter, deserving careful and considered scrutiny. That includes a thorough and responsible debate in Congress. That is why I voted for the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015, P.L. 114–17, which provided Con-gress with a 60-day window to consider the JCPOA prior to its taking effect. And that window was filled with vig-orous debate in the Senate. Regardless of one’s position for or against the international agreement, one thing is 
clear: every Senator has had an oppor-tunity to pass their judgement on whether we are right to choose a path of international diplomacy to achieve our goal of verifiably preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. In my judgement we are. 
For me personally, I felt that it was 
critical to closely review the details of the agreement and hear from individ-uals on all sides of this debate, includ-ing experts and constituents, and listen to their arguments. I have attended nu-merous classified briefings with admin-istration officials, including those with firsthand technical, scientific, and dip-lomatic expertise, heard from the Am-bassadors of our P5+1 partners, and benefited from many candid conversa-tions with Wisconsin constituents. All of these interactions have been invalu-able and have informed my conclusion that rejecting this international agree-ment is not in our national security in-terest. According to the agreement, be-fore receiving relief from sanctions, Iran must comply with a number of far-reaching and long-term obligations to limit its nuclear program, all of which will be verified by the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, or IAEA, through an unprecedentedly ro-bust inspections and monitoring frame-work. Iran’s obligations include rede-signing the Arak reactor to eliminate the plutonium pathway to nuclear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.005 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7002 September 29, 2015 
weapons; eliminating its current stock-
pile of highly enriched uranium, reduc-ing its current stockpile of low-en-riched uranium by 97 percent, and cap-ping enrichment at that level for 15 years; reducing the number of oper-ational centrifuges by two-thirds and severely limiting research on advanced enrichment technology; converting the underground Fordow facility to a med-ical research center; accepting intru-sive IAEA monitoring of Iran’s nuclear supply chain and fuel cycle; and satis-factorily answering IAEA questions into the possible military dimensions of its prior nuclear program. In ex-change for verifiably meeting these ob-
ligations, Iran will receive relief from U.S. and international nuclear-related sanctions. And importantly, U.S. sanc-tions against Iran related to human rights violations, support for ter-rorism, and illicit arms shipments re-main in effect. Should the inter-national verification regime catch Iran noncompliant with its obligations, the agreement includes a provision allow-ing the United States to unilaterally reimpose nuclear-related U.N. sanc-tions. 
My judgement on this issue has also 
been guided by the hard lessons that should be learned when America choos-es to engage in military action and war in the Middle East. It is easy to con-clude that a rejection of international diplomacy and the JCPOA would shat-ter the current international coalition, making key multilateral sanctions im-possible, and would result in Iran re-starting its illicit nuclear activities, leading to inevitable military action. Indeed, I have been struck by the in-ability of opponents of the agreement to put forth a credible alternative that does not involve military action in the Middle East. In this case, it is simply not feasible for the United States to go it alone. So I am proud that America led six countries toward a historic international agreement with Iran that verifiably prevents it from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
While the agreement does represent 
the best option to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, moving forward, Congress and the administra-tion must work together in a bipar-tisan manner and in concert with our allies to ensure that the agreement is implemented effectively. Implementa-tion is critical because this agreement is not built on trust of Iran. In fact, the agreement is built on mistrust of Ira-nian motives and a clear-eyed view of Iran’s past and present destabilizing activities in the region. 
That is why the JCPOA establishes 
the most intrusive inspections and monitoring framework in the history of arms control agreements. Approxi-mately 150 IAEA inspectors, outfitted with the latest training and tech-nology, much of which originates from the cutting-edge work of the U.S. De-partment of Energy’s National Labs, will be onsite in Iran and ready to re-port any suspicious behavior. In addition to this stringent moni-
toring regime, the very real threat of snapback sanctions will work to incentivize Iranian compliance with its JCPOA obligations. According to the agreement, in the event of Iranian cheating, the United States has the ability to unilaterally reimpose nu-clear-related U.N. sanctions as well as 
add on to U.S. sanctions against Iran beyond those related to human rights violations, support for terrorism, and illicit arms shipments that remain in place. And Iran should make no mis-take: I, along with my colleagues in the Senate, will not hesitate to reapply sanctions should Iran break the terms of the JCPOA. In short, if Iran cheats, even along the margins, we will catch them and there will be a heavy price to pay. 
I am under no illusions regarding 
Iran’s continuing destabilizing behav-ior in the region and its record during the Iraq war, which includes sup-porting Shiite militias that killed American servicemembers. From human rights violations to support for terrorism and criminal client states such as Assad’s Syria to its illicit nu-clear program, Iran is a bad actor. That is why it is absolutely critical that the JCPOA move forward and block Iran from developing or acquir-ing a nuclear weapon, an unthinkable outcome that would make it an even greater security challenge. 
At the same time, I support taking 
immediate, additional steps to counter Iran’s non-nuclear activities in the re-gion and bolster the security of our Gulf Cooperation Council partners— who support the JCPOA—and Israel. From the time of the establishment of the modern Jewish State in 1948, the United States and Israel have shared a special bond, grounded in our mutual commitment to democracy, freedom, respect for the rule of law and the quest for a secure and stable Middle East. I have spent more time in Israel than in any foreign country, and my travel and interactions there have greatly informed my understanding of the security challenges Israel faces. 
That is why I have been a longtime 
supporter of annual U.S. aid to Israel, which is currently set at $3.1 billion per year, as well as additional funding for Israeli missile defense systems such as Iron Dome, David’s Sling, and Arrow, all of which are so valuable in protecting Israeli citizens. I support in-creasing that level of assistance and broadening and deepening our two countries’ collaboration in the security and intelligence spheres. The United States and Israel are currently drafting a new 10-year memorandum of under-standing to govern the nature of U.S. military assistance to Israel. This is an opportunity to further strengthen our security relationship with Israel and ensure its qualitative military edge. 
In conclusion, the United States can-
not afford to walk away from an inter-national agreement that is based on a robust inspections and compliance re-gime and will verifiably prevent Iran 
from developing or acquiring a nuclear weapon. While there are legitimately held policy differences on this highly complex issue, going it alone is not an effective path forward and not in our national security interest. I support moving this international agreement forward so we can begin enforcing it and preventing Iran from developing or acquiring a nuclear weapon. ∑ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE POLICE OFFI-
CERS ASSOCIATION OF MICHI-GAN 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the outstanding work of the Police Officers Association of Michigan, the largest organization of law enforcement officers in the State of Michigan, representing over 14,000 frontline crime fighters, law enforce-ment officers, and first responders throughout the State. POAM officers are in every jurisdiction in Michigan— every precinct, ward, city, township, county, and congressional district—and are truly a strong voice for the Michi-gan law enforcement community. 
POAM recently met for its annual 
conference in Grand Rapids, MI. During that conference, POAM recognized out-standing police officers for exceptional law enforcement work. This year’s POAM conference highlighted some of the countless acts of bravery and com-munity-strengthening that the thou-sands of law enforcement officers throughout Michigan perform on a daily basis. I applaud POAM’s commit-ment to the communities that they serve. 
I join POAM and all of my fellow 
Michiganders in recognizing these in-
credible public servants and all of the brave men and women of Michigan’s law enforcement community who are responsible for keeping our streets safe. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. WILLIAM 
JEFFERSON TERRY 
∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate and celebrate the life and contributions of Dr. William Jef-ferson Terry of Mobile, AL, who was the first pediatric urologist in the State of Alabama. He was a nationally known and a well-respected physician. 
Dr. Terry was born in Mobile, AL 
where he later returned to begin his urology practice. He graduated cum laude from the University of Alabama and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. After receiving his M.D. degree from the University of Alabama School of Medicine, he was an intern and resi-dent at the University of Kentucky Medical Center; he then served as a resident and chief resident in urology at the University of Alabama Medical Center in Birmingham, followed by a fellowship in pediatric urology at Texas Children’s Hospital in Houston. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.013 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7003 September 29, 2015 
His valuable contributions to the 
medical profession have been recog-nized by his colleagues. He was honored by the University of Alabama Medical Alumni Association with the 2007 Garber Galbraith Medical Political Service Award for outstanding service to the medical profession and the 2010 Distinguished Service Award. He was also honored by the University of South Alabama Department of Internal Medicine as the 2009 John McGehee Ex-cellence as a Teacher Award. The Med-ical Association of the State of Ala-bama honored him this year with the Paul W. Burleson Award presented in recognition of a medical career that encompasses not only high ethical and professional standards in patient care, but includes extraordinary service to physician organizations at the county, State, and national levels. Dr. Terry was a delegate to the American Med-ical Association for 20 years, served on the AMA Council on Medical Service, and was chairman of the Alabama dele-gation to the AMA for 7 years. He was active in many issues relating directly to the patient-physician relationship and the quality of care being delivered. 
In addition to being a remarkable 
physician, Dr. Terry was a fierce advo-cate for his patients and the medical community. He worked tirelessly and successfully to stop the implementa-tion of ICD–10, which he and the physi-cians he served believed was not prac-tical and harmful to medicine. He care-fully questioned the Affordable Care Act and gave of himself extensively to-wards advancing quality health care. He was a wonderful friend and adviser to me. As a voice from the real world of medicine, his views impacted my deci-sions significantly. On a personal note, I knew the quality of his practice first-hand as he provided top quality care to my mother. He placed his patients first and was a tireless worker. 
Senator B
ILLCASSIDY , a fellow physi-
cian and friend of Dr. Terry, recognized Dr. Terry’s commitment to his profes-sion, country, and family: 
Beyond serving his family and community, 
Dr. Terry genuinely cared about the future of the medical profession. He made his pas-sion for creating more sensible public policy a priority, even testifying before Congress and moderating a discussion between physi-cians, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid, and the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology. His con-tributions to the policy making process are absolutely invaluable. 
I am privileged to say that Dr. Terry was 
a fellow American, and a colleague as a phy-sician. He was a blessing to many. Remem-ber his widow and children in prayer. We who were blessed look forward to being reunited in heaven. 
Dr. Terry was a devoted husband, fa-
ther, and grandfather, as well as a dedi-cated member of the Dauphin Way United Methodist Church. He was a man of God. He dearly loved his family, country, and profession. His integrity and work ethic were second to none. Dr. Terry’s life represented the highest ideals of the serving physician, and he was held in the highest esteem and af-
fection by the many he served. He leaves surviving him Elizabeth, his wife of 39 years; his three sons, Wil-liam, Miller, and Gordon; and his four granddaughters, Eleanor, Sally, Lida, and Eloise. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
honoring Dr. Terry for his dedication and many contributions to the field of medicine. ∑ 
f 
CONWAY, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, the 
town of Conway in New Hampshire is celebrating its 250th anniversary this year. Months of observances will cul-minate with a ceremony this Thursday, October 1, the anniversary date of the signing of the town’s charter in 1775 by Colonial Governor Benning Wentworth. Appropriately, this commemoration will be held at Founders Park in Red-stone, site of Conway’s first meeting-house and the early settlers’ cemetery. 
Today, the Town of Conway—encom-
passing the villages of Kearsarge, In-tervale, Redstone, Conway, North Conway, East Conway, Center Conway, and South Conway—is a vibrant and popular tourist destination, often de-scribed as the gateway to New Hamp-shire’s spectacular White Mountain Na-tional Park. But the region’s human history goes back many centuries prior to the arrival of the first British ex-plorers and settlers. 
The area was originally home to the 
Pequawket Native American tribe, members of the larger Algonquian Abenaki tribe. Along the bountiful Saco River, they fished, hunted, and farmed. The initial White explorer of the region, Darby Field of Exeter, first encountered members of the Pequawket tribe in 1642. The Native Americans’ dominion over the area for-mally ended on October 1, 1775, when Colonial Governor Wentworth char-tered 65 men to establish the new town of Conway, named for the commander in chief of the British Army, Henry Seymour Conway. 
By the mid-1900s, visitors from across 
America and also Europe discovered the wild beauty of the White Moun-tains. Artists came to the region to capture the landscape on canvas, cre-ating what became known as the White Mountain School of Art. King Edward VII purchased 12 paintings by artists of the White Mountain School to display at Windsor Castle. 
Beginning in 1871, the railroads came 
to Conway. Trains carried timber and wood products away from the town and brought more and more tourists into the town. North Conway was reborn as a booming tourist center for the re-gion. By the early 20th century, so- called snow trains brought growing numbers of winter sports enthusiasts to Conway. Ski resorts began to open, led in 1937 by Cranmore, with its inno-vative ‘‘Skimobile’’ ski lift. 
In the 1980s, the coming of scores of 
factory outlet stores transformed North Conway into a major shopping 
destination. Combined with a robust outdoor recreation industry, this en-sured Conway’s standing as a four-sea-son attraction for visitors and was a major boost to the economy. 
From countless visits to Conway, in-
cluding during my time as Governor and Senator, I can testify that its greatest assets are the everyday people of the town and its villages, who are unfailingly gracious and friendly. Conway takes its unique character not only from the stunning natural setting, but also from its stores, cafes, res-taurants, and B&Bs—places where peo-ple know your name, and where the small-business owners are right there, every day. 
Conway’s celebration of its first 
quarter millennium has required years of planning and countless volunteer hours from local citizens. In particular, I salute the tireless organizing efforts of Brian Wiggin and Jill Reynolds, co- chairs of the ‘‘Conway Celebrates Leg-acy’’ committee. I know that, for them, this has been a labor of love. I also congratulate board of selectmen chair, David Weathers, and the town’s other leaders. Most importantly, I sa-lute the townspeople and families of Conway, who warmly welcome many tens of thousands of visitors annually from across the United States and al-ways make us proud to be Granite Staters. 
So congratulations to the Town of 
Conway. I wish everyone a wonderful celebration this Thursday. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAYDEN MEATTEY 
∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
have been a strong supporter of Special Olympics for many years. It is a truly extraordinary global movement, bring-ing together more than 4.5 million ath-letes in 170 countries. This summer, folks in my State have come to admire one especially talented and accom-plished Special Olympian, Hayden Meattey of Goffstown, NH. 
Hayden was one of only two Granite 
Staters selected to compete this sum-mer at the Special Olympics World Games in Los Angeles. He returned home to a hero’s welcome at Goffstown High School, having won a gold medal in the 800-meter speedwalking event and a bronze in the 800-meter event. 
Qualifying for the World Games was 
itself a remarkable achievement against talented competition. Hayden, a cross-country runner and speedwalker, trained twice a week with his team at Goffstown High School and independently the rest of the week, constantly pushing to exceed his per-sonal best. Nancy Kelleher, coordinator of Team Uncanoonuc and Hayden’s coach for 9 years, praised his work ethic as exceptional. 
His fellow students at Goffstown 
High packed the school gymnasium for a rally to wish him luck before he left for Los Angeles. When Hayden and his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.030 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7004 September 29, 2015 
teammates on Team Uncanoonuc en-
tered the gym, the room erupted in 
cheers and clapping. 
To say that Hayden is popular at 
Goffstown High is an understatement. As Principal Frank McBride put it: ‘‘Hayden is just one of those sweet, kind human beings who puts a smile on everyone’s face. He makes my day bet-ter. I think he does that with most of the people he comes into contact with.’’ 
The Special Olympics World Games 
are a remarkable sporting event. The accent is not on the participants’ dis-abilities, but on their abilities. The athletes’ success is determined by their own hard work, talent, and determina-tion. 
In truth, Hayden was already a win-
ner before he left for the games. He al-ready had demonstrated grit and deter-mination by joining Team Uncanoonuc, training like an Olympian, and earning the chance to compete at the highest level with Team USA against athletes from nearly 170 nations. His gold and bronze medals in Los Angeles only con-firmed what his friends and family al-ready knew, that Hayden is a young man of indomitable spirit. 
Hayden was accompanied to Los An-
geles by his very proud mom, dad, brother, and stepdad. I know that folks in Goffstown are also very proud of all he has achieved. So am I, and so are folks all across the Granite State. On behalf of my colleagues in the Senate, I thank Haden Meattey for rep-resenting the United States at the games with a noble spirit and a cham-pion’s heart. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOWELL PIMLEY 
∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, it is my 
pleasure to honor Director Lowell Pimley of the Bureau of Reclamation as he retires after more than three dec-ades of public service. The values of hard work and practicality that he learned on his family’s farm outside Chester, Montana, have echoed loudly throughout his 35-year career with the Bureau of Reclamation. On the occa-sion of his retirement, I would like to thank him, farmer to farmer, for the long hours, the technical expertise, and the uniquely Western perspective he has brought to bear on this demanding job. 
Lowell Pimley joined the Bureau of 
Reclamation in 1980 as a civil engineer after graduating from Montana State University with his bachelor’s and master’s degree in Civil Engineering. He applied himself to developing, de-signing, and supporting tunnels, bridges, pipelines, and other infrastruc-ture projects. As he gained recognition for his engineering skills and his lead-ership ability, Mr. Pimley rose through the ranks to become the Technical Service Center Director in 2008. There, he led a team of more than 500 engi-neers, scientists, and technicians as they assisted in the planning, design, and construction of water resource projects. Mr. Pimley came to Washington, DC, 
to become the Deputy Commissioner for Operations in 2013 and began over-seeing all five of Reclamation’s regions and the Native American and Inter-national Affairs Office. In 2014, Sec-retary Jewell recognized his talents 
and appointed Mr. Pimley to serve as Acting Commissioner. While serving in Washington, Mr. Pimley testified be-fore Congress both as the Deputy Com-missioner and Acting Commissioner, representing his agency well and pro-viding Congress with his valuable in-sight. 
The Bureau of Reclamation has al-
ready acknowledged Mr. Pimley’s out-standing service over his career, in-cluding the Meritorious Service Award in 2012 and a Distinguished Service Award in 2015 for his outstanding lead-ership, dedication, and accomplish-ments. He is widely respected by his peers, stakeholders, and folks across the country. To that list of apprecia-tion, I would like to add my own thanks and congratulations on a career dedicated to public service. As he re-tires, he can be proud of his lasting leg-acy, ensuring that Reclamation con-tinues to supply water and power to the farms, towns, and communities of the West. 
I again offer Mr. Pimley my warmest 
congratulations and hope that he en-joys a rich and rewarding retirement with his wife, Debbie, and their chil-dren Ashley, Brittany, and Brian, as they head back West to Littleton, Col-orado, and to the family farm near Chester, Montana. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:28 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 136. An act to amend chapter 21 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that fa-thers of certain permanently disabled or de-ceased veterans shall be included with moth-ers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
S. 139. An act to permanently allow an ex-
clusion under the Supplemental Security In-come program and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. 
S. 565. An act to reduce the operation and 
maintenance costs associated with the Fed-eral fleet by encouraging the use of remanu-factured parts, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 313. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1624. An act to amend title I of the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small em-ployer. H.R. 2061. An act to amend section 5000A of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2617. An act to amend the Fair Min-
imum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a sched-uled increase in the minimum wage applica-ble to American Samoa. 
H.R. 2786. An act to require the Commis-
sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to submit a report on cross-border rail security, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2835. An act to actively recruit mem-
bers of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers. 
H.R. 3089. An act to close out expired 
grants, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3594. An act to extend temporarily the 
Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3614. An act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:40 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2051. An act to amend the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting require-ments, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, Sep-
tember 29, 2015, he had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills, previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 261. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
S. 1707. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 313. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 2061. An act to amend section 5000A of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.011 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7005 September 29, 2015 
H.R. 2786. An act to require the Commis-
sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to submit a report on cross-border rail security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
H.R. 3089. An act to close out expired 
grants, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2089. A bill to provide for investment in 
clean energy, to empower and protect con-sumers, to modernize energy infrastructure, to cut pollution and waste, to invest in re-search and development, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Assistant Secretary of the Sen-
ate reported that on today, September 29, 2015, she had presented to the Presi-dent of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 261. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
S. 1707. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. L EE, 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mr. K IRK, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 2091. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to stimulate inter-national tourism to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ): 
S. 2092. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt amounts paid for aircraft management services from the ex-cise taxes imposed on transportation by air; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. W ARNER ): 
S. 2093. A bill to provide that the Secretary 
of Transportation shall have sole authority to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 2094. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
State to submit to Congress a report on the designation of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard 
Corps as a foreign terrorist organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mrs. 
MURRAY ): 
S. 2095. A bill to establish certain require-
ments with respect to pollock and golden king crab; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. W ARNER , 
and Mr. K AINE): 
S. 2096. A bill to ensure that claims for 
benefits under the Black Lung Benefits Act are processed in a fair and timely manner, to better protect miners from pneumoconiosis (commonly known as ‘‘black lung disease’’ ), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. BALDWIN: 
S. 2097. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to provide for payment for Medicaid services furnished by Ryan White part C grantees under a cost-based prospec-tive payment system; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2098. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to improve the determina-tion of cohort default rates and provide for enhanced civil penalties, to ensure personal liability of owners, officers, and executives of institutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mrs. 
C
APITO ): 
S. 2099. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of a mechanism to allow borrowers of Federal student loans to refinance their loans, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer- provided educational assistance to employer payment of interest on certain refinanced student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. R EED, Ms. W ARREN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ): 
S. 2100. A bill to prohibit the sale or dis-
tribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 21; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 2101. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 233 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 233, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide com-pensatory time for employees in the private sector. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96- hour physician certification require-ment for inpatient critical access hos-
pital services. 
S. 265 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 265, a bill to expand oppor-tunity through greater choice in edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 330, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to make per-manent the special rule for contribu-tions of qualified conservation con-tributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 334 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
334, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for automatic continuing resolutions. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 524, a bill to au-thorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 553, a bill to marshal re-sources to undertake a concerted, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 677 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 677, a bill to prohibit the applica-tion of certain restrictive eligibility requirements to foreign nongovern-mental organizations with respect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.007 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7006 September 29, 2015 
vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, 
and for other purposes. 
S. 688 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 688, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to adjust the Medicare hospital readmission reduc-tion program to respond to patient dis-parities, and for other purposes. 
S. 864 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 864, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish direct care registered nurse-to-patient staffing ratio requirements in hos-pitals, and for other purposes. 
S. 865 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 865, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the dis-ability compensation evaluation proce-dure of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. GRASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexibility in deter-mining the size of employers in the small group market. 
S. 1476 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1476, a bill to require States to report to the Attorney Gen-eral certain information regarding shooting incidents involving law en-forcement officers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1716 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1716, a bill to provide ac-cess to higher education for the stu-dents of the United States. 
S. 1746 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1746, a bill to require the Of-fice of Personnel Management to pro-vide complimentary, comprehensive identity protection coverage to all in-dividuals whose personally identifiable information was compromised during recent data breaches at Federal agen-cies. 
S. 1770 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1770, a bill to provide for evidence- based and promising practices related to juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention to help build individual, family, and community strength and resiliency to ensure that youth lead productive, safe, healthy, gang-free, and law-abiding lives. 
S. 1789 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1789, a bill to improve defense coopera-tion between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1852 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1852, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure health 
insurance coverage continuity for former foster youth. 
S. 1916 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1916, a bill to include skilled nursing facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934. 
S. 1972 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1972, a bill to require air carriers to modify certain policies with respect to the use of epinephrine for in-flight emergencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1977 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1977, a bill to provide fam-ily members and close associates of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 2016 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2016, a bill to amend chap-ter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to promote the responsible transfer of firearms. 
S. 2032 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Colo-
rado (Mr. B ENNET ), the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) and the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2032, a bill to adopt the bison as the national mam-mal of the United States. 
S. 2034 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) and the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2034, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional aggravating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the victim. 
S. RES. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 266, a resolution des-ignating September 2015 at ‘‘National Kinship Care Month’’. 
At the request of Mr. W
YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) and the Senator 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. C ASEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 266, supra. 
S. RES. 267 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
names of the Senator from Indiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.011 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7007 September 29, 2015 
(Mr. D ONNELLY ) and the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. Res. 267, a resolu-tion expressing support for the con-tinuation of the Federal Perkins Loan program. 
f 
NOTICES OF HEARINGS 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
would like to announce that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Achieving the Prom-ise of Health Information Technology.’’ 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Jamie Garden of the committee staff on (202) 224–7675. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
would like to announce that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on October 6, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Stealing the Amer-ican Dream of Business Ownership: The NLRB’s Joint Employer Decision.’’ 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Carolyn Gorman of the committee staff on (202) 224–6770. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building to conduct a Sub-committee hearing entitled ‘‘Pipeline Safety: Oversight of Our Nation’s Pipe-line Network.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Economy- wide Implications of President Obama’s Air Agenda.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public 
Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Improving the Endangered Species Act: Perspec-tives from the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice and State Governors.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Financial and Economic Chal-lenges in Puerto Rico.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Role and Strategy in the Middle East: The Humanitarian Cri-sis.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Im-pact of Exposure to Toxic Chemicals on Veterans and the VA’s Response.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the For-eign Relations Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cy-bersecurity Policy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Changing Landscape if U.S.-China Re-lations: What’s Next?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL 
CELL DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 217. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 217) designating Octo-
ber 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 217) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of July 8, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, September 30; that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of the message to accompany H.R. 719, postcloture; fur-ther, that all time during the adjourn-ment of the Senate count postcloture on the motion to concur with amend-ment No. 2689; finally, that all postcloture time on the motion to con-cur be considered expired at 10 a.m., Wednesday, with the time until 10 a.m. equally divided between the two man-agers or their designees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.013 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7008 September 29, 2015 
previous order, following the remarks 
of Senator W HITEHOUSE . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
rise today for my 113th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech on climate change. They say 13 is unlucky. I don’t know what 113 is, but I do know what climate change is. It is very real. We shouldn’t kid ourselves. And it is an urgent chal-lenge for our country and our world. Our leading scientific organizations say so. Our national security leaders say so. All of our National Labora-tories say so. Major American busi-nesses say so. Religious leaders of all faiths say so. Pope Francis certainly said so last week. But the Senate is jammed by persistent, meretricious cli-mate denial. The denial comes in many guises, but, like a compass, all the de-nial points in the same direction: what-ever helps the fossil fuel industry keep polluting. That is the true north of cli-mate denial—whatever helps the fossil fuel industry. Look at the fossil fuel money pouring into the Republican Party and tell me this is a coincidence. 
We have Senators who deny that any-
thing is happening, who say it is a hoax. We have Senators who deny that we can solve this. We have Senators who deny their faith in the American economy to win if we innovate. We have Senators who simply shrug and say: I am not a scientist. A bunch of Senators say: Don’t even worry about it; climate change has stopped. The junior Senator from Florida tells us, ‘‘Despite 17 years of dramatic increases in carbon production by humans, sur-face temperatures [on] the earth have stabilized.’’ The junior Senator from Texas proclaims that ‘‘satellite data demonstrate for the last seventeen years, there’s been zero warming. None whatsoever.’’ 
Let’s leave aside for a moment the 
cherry-picked data this conclusion is based on, which leaves out the oceans, which cover a mere 70 percent of the Earth’s surface. I will get back to oceans in a minute. But even this cher-ry-picked data needs a trick to deny the long-term trend. Using their trick, you could convince yourself climate change has stopped six times in the history of this increase from 1970. It is easy to do. You pick a spot here and you pick a spot there, and in the varia-bility you make it a flat line and you say: There, you see a pause. The prob-lem is that these manufactured pauses keep climbing. 
When this bogus climate pause idea 
was trotted out in an op-ed in the Providence Journal, my home State 
paper, PolitiFact quickly determined that it uses ‘‘cherry-picked numbers and leaves out important details that would give a very different impres-sion.’’ 
When we look at the linear trend for 
this whole data set, from 1970 to 2013, no one can deny that the Earth is 
warming. Research shows that climate change is marching on. The past decade was warmer than the one before that, which was warmer than the one before that. Seventeen of the 18 hottest years in the historical record have occurred in the last 18 years. NOAA and NASA count 2014 as the hottest year on record, and so far 2015 is on track to be even hotter than 2014. Fluctuations do not statistically alter the trend. 
It is a disservice to the truth and to 
this Senate to suggest that this heralds the end of climate change. As noted UC Berkeley physics professor Richard Muller put it, ‘‘When walking up stairs in a tall building, it is a mistake to in-terpret a landing as the end of the climb.’’ 
Plus, for what reason would it have 
stopped? There is no basis for the pause. We know why it is happening. Global warming is caused by carbon pollution. We have known that science since Abraham Lincoln wore a top hat around this town. That is not news. And our carbon pollution sure hasn’t stopped. We just broke 400 parts per million of carbon in the atmosphere for the first time in the history of the human species. 
There is no intellectual basis behind 
the pause theory. These claims of a cli-mate change pause have been de-bunked. Just a couple of weeks ago, re-searchers from Stanford University published a study: ‘‘There is no hiatus in the increase in the global mean tem-perature, no statistically significant difference in trends, no stalling of the global mean temperature, and no change in year-to-year temperature in-creases.’’ In other words, there is no pause. 
A different study prepared for the 
U.S. Climate Variability and Predict-ability Program reviewed this so-called pause data and said this: It ‘‘not only failed to establish a trend change with statistical significance, it failed by a wide margin. [A]ny argument that global warming stopped 18 or 20 years ago is just hogwash,’’ said one of that report’s authors—just hogwash. When legitimate scientists and statisticians examine the data for global mean tem-perature, they don’t find any so-called pause. 
This chart I have in the Chamber 
shows global average temperatures since the late 1800s, which is about the time we began burning fossil fuels in the Industrial Revolution. In yet an-other study out this month, research-ers did a little test. They showed this chart to 25 economists, but instead of temperature they told the economists that the chart showed world agricul-tural output. That stripped the data of any political baggage of climate change. It made this a simple statis-tical question: Does this chart show that the measured phenomenon—cli-mate change, temperature, world agri-cultural output—does this chart show whatever the measured phenomenon is stopped in 1998? The economists looked, and they flatout rejected that 
conclusion. What they agreed was that claiming the phenomenon had stopped would be misleading and ill-informed. 
So why did this pause theory appear 
that is a mistake, that is hogwash, that is based on cherry-picked numbers all toward a conclusion that is mis-leading and ill-informed? Why? Be-cause the big carbon polluters and their allies in Congress don’t want us to act. So we keep getting this mis-chief fed to us. 
The enterprise that performs that 
evil task of feeding mischief into this debate is perhaps the biggest and the most complex racket in American his-tory. It is phony. They cherry-pick a handful of statistically insignificant data points and tell us the whole prob-lem went away on its own. Then the real scientists take a look at it and say that is bunk. But in the meantime, the polluter enterprise notched a public re-lations victory. It bought some time to keep polluting for free, and sadly it got some of our colleagues to be party to it. 
Telling the American people there is 
a pause in global warming may lull the gullible to sleep, but it is phony, it is inaccurate, and it is wrong. It ignores the truth. It ignores the science. Basi-cally what it is, is cheesy fossil fuel PR dressed up in a lab coat to look like science, just enough to fool people that little bit. 
Now let’s turn back to the oceans— 
that 70 percent of the Earth’s surface the other data left out. These data show the decades-long warming of the surface oceans—1960 to 2010. No pause. Remember, the deniers conveniently left all this data out when they cherry- picked their pause data—70 percent of the Earth’s surface left out. 
The first law of thermodynamics, 
conservation of energy, decrees that all of that heat in the ocean had to come from somewhere. Research shows that greenhouse gases trap excess heat in the atmosphere and that over 90 per-cent of that excess heat went into the oceans, was absorbed by our oceans. People who insist that the climate has not warmed in recent decades ignore this one little thing—the oceans, which cover 70 percent of the surface of the Earth. The oceans don’t lie. This warming is changing the oceans and our fisheries. Water expands when it warms. That is the law of thermal ex-pansion—unless somebody wants to come and deny that. The seas are ris-ing across the globe. In Rhode Island, we measure it at the Newport Naval Station tide gauge. Basically it is a glorified yardstick. It is not com-plicated. There is no theory involved. It is a measurement. It says we are up nearly 10 inches since the 1930s. That may be funny to landlocked States, but when there are 10 more inches of sea to be thrown against your shores by a big ocean storm, coastal States take that stuff very seriously. NASA measures it around the world with satellites; it is not just the coastal stations that take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.036 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7009 September 29, 2015 
these measures. NASA measures from 
satellites. We measure the exploding acidity of the seas. The exploding acid-ities of the sea are directly related to CO
2absorption—unless people want to 
deny chemistry. You can put CO 2sea-
water in a high school lab and you can make the pH change. That is what we are doing on a global scale, and we don’t get to repeal laws of chemistry around here, no matter how powerful the special interests. 
Last week, His Holiness Pope Francis 
called on us to work together to pro-tect our common home. He warned us in his recent encyclical: ‘‘Those who will have to suffer the consequences of what we are trying to hide will not for-get this failure of conscience and re-sponsibility.’’ But first we have to want to protect our common home. If what we want to protect is the fossil fuel industry, at all costs, at any cost, 
we need a priority adjustment. 
In our rotten, post-Citizens United, 
billionaire special interests politics, perhaps the Pope would have had more effect if he had a super Pac, but it shouldn’t take a super Pac for us to heed the Pope’s warning or to heed the science or to heed our national secu-rity leaders or to heed everyone else who has lined up to try to wake us up. 
Pope Francis also said ‘‘to avert the 
most serious effects of the environ-mental deterioration caused by human activity,’’ now is the time for coura-geous actions and strategies. 
Today’s New York Times has this 
headline: ‘‘Many Conservative Repub-licans Believe Climate Change Is a Real Threat.’’ Once you get away from this building and the pernicious influ-ence of the fossil-fuel industry and its relentless money and threats, it is not 
a question of ideology, it is a question of special interest influence, and con-servative Republicans increasingly un-derstand that this is real. Eleven of them just broke rank in the House. 
It is time to come together in good 
faith to tackle this real and persistent threat—the threat of climate change. 
It is time for us to wake up. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow morning. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:06 p.m., 
adjourned until Wednesday, September 30, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.037 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1379 September 29, 2015 
A TRIBUTE TO AMELIA BOYNTON 
ROBINSON, CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES, AND JULIAN BOND 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to 
honor three civil rights legends: Ms. Amelia Boynton Robinson, Mr. Julian Bond, and my dear friend and mentor, Congressman Louis Stokes. Each a leader in his or her own right, these trailblazers laid the foundation we stand upon today. 
They paved the way for us and have in-
spired us to continue fighting for equality and justice. Because of them, we must do more. 
Ms. Boynton Robinson’s legacy moves us to 
never stop fighting for voting rights. All Ameri-cans should have full access to the ballot box. The strength of our democracy rests upon the participation of every citizen. 
Mr. Bond’s life’s work commits us to striving 
for equality and full protection under the law for all Americans. Our country will never fulfill the promise of the land of the free and the home of the brave, if any citizen is denied jus-tice and legal fairness. 
In honor of my dear friend Congressman 
Stokes, we will never stop advocating for our nation’s most vulnerable. We must continue to give voice to the voiceless and work to ensure all Americans have access to the American Dream. It is our obligation to serve the best in-terests of the people of this country, whether a pauper or the populace. 
Mr. Speaker, we stand on the shoulders of 
giants. This great woman and these great men remind us why we stand here today and who we are here to represent. We thank them for their service and sacrifice, and pledge to con-tinue to fight in honor of their legacies. 
In closing, I’d like to take a moment of per-
sonal privilege and thank my colleagues in the Ohio Delegation and the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) for signing on to H.R. 427, a resolution honoring the life and legacy of Con-gressman Stokes. We currently have 57 co- sponsors on the bill. 
It is so important that the world knows who 
Congressman Stokes was and what he did. 
Congressman Stokes is etched in Ohio’s his-tory, and with this resolution will be firmly woven into the fabric of this great nation for-ever. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO AMELIA BOYNTON 
ROBINSON, CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES, AND JULIAN BOND 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the lives of three very special leaders from the African 
American community who have passed away this year. Through their personal sacrifices and steadfast leadership, Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond have impacted the lives of count-less Americans and I would like to join my col-leagues in honoring their legacies. 
I have had the distinct honor of working 
alongside Representative Stokes before he re-tired from the United States Congress in 1999. Before being elected to Congress, Represent-ative Stokes was a tireless advocate for pro-moting civil rights as a lawyer. In 1968, Rep-resentative Stokes was elected as Ohio’s first African American congressman, where he would go on to become a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus. After serving for 30 years in Congress, Representative Stokes is remembered by his commitment to public service and his insatiable desire to help the most disadvantaged segments of the pop-ulation. 
Amelia Boynton Robinson was a prominent 
figure from the Civil Rights Movement, most well-known for her strong efforts to encourage voter participation among African Americans. Ms. Boynton was key to organizing civil and voting rights demonstrations in Alabama, in-cluding a march to the state capital of Mont-gomery. It was during this march on Bloody Sunday when Ms. Boynton was beaten uncon-scious in the defense of basic voting rights for African Americans. Ms. Boynton would live to the age of 110 before passing away in Mont-gomery, Alabama. 
Julian Bond was another Civil Rights leader 
whose life we honor this year. Mr. Bond helped to co-found the Student Nonviolent Co-ordinating Committee (SNCC), which served as a platform to drive the success behind or-ganizing African American voters during a crit-ical time in our nation’s history. Mr. Bond also co-founded and was named the first president of the Southern Poverty Law Center, a legal organization dedicated to protecting the most vulnerable while advocating for basic rights for all. He also served in the Georgia House of Representatives despite a bitter vote by his colleagues not to seat him. Later in his life, Mr. Bond served as chairman of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored 
People (NAACP) from 1998 to 2010. 
Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boyn-
ton Robinson, and Julian Bond were model citizens whose legacies will be idolized long into the future. These three leaders have left lasting impressions that will set examples for new generations. Mr. Speaker, it saddens me and countless others to have to honor these individuals after their passing. However, we are forever grateful for their contributions and countless lives have been improved as a di-rect result of their sacrifices. IN HONOR OF THE 125TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today, on behalf of myself and Mr. C OSTA , to 
honor the 125th anniversary of Yosemite Na-tional Park. 
October 1, 2015 marks 125 years since 
President Benjamin Harrison signed the legis-lation establishing our third national park. This law preserved over 1,500 square miles for the public use, resort, and recreation of the Amer-ican people for all time. Indeed, approximately 275 million people enjoy the majesty of the park annually. 
The creation of Yosemite National Park 
added Tuolumne Meadows, the park’s high country, Hetch Hetchy, and lands surrounding Yosemite Valley to those areas already pro-tected by the Yosemite Grant Act of 1864. 
Yosemite offers a vast expanse of natural 
beauty. This national treasure encompasses the iconic Half Dome and El Capitan, numer-ous waterfalls, deep valleys, grand meadows, ancient sequoias, and a vast array of rec-reational opportunities. Park visitors have the opportunity to explore an extensive trail sys-tem, camp at 13 different sites, bike, bird watch, fish in a number of streams and rivers, horseback ride, rock climb, swim, kayak, and raft. Yosemite is also home to the largest in-tact subalpine meadow complex in the Sierra Nevada, 30 properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and five National Historic Landmarks. 
Mr. Speaker, Yosemite National Park is un-
doubtedly one of the most extraordinary fea-tures of our national landscape. I hope that generations to come will be able to enjoy its many wonders. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE VERMONT 
CHRISTIAN CHURCH ON ITS 70TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Vermont Christian Church D.O.C. on the occasion of their 70th anniver-sary. 
During the summer of 1945, members of the 
Flint community were concerned with the need of what they called a ‘‘Negro Disciples of Christ Church’’. After many visits from Rev. Courts and Rev. R.L. Jordan of Detroit a meeting was held on October 7th, 1945. The church was then formed with Rev. Courts as its first pastor and $17.00 in its coffer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29SE8.019 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1380 September 29, 2015 
Throughout the years Vermont Christian 
Church has assisted the community in many ways. In both 2009 and 2014 they assisted the International Academy of Flint with a Thanksgiving dinner that fed community mem-bers and the homeless. Other partners include the Genesee County Jail Forgotten Man Min-istries, the Food Bank of Eastern Michigan, and the Carriage Town Ministries homeless shelter. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the long term in-
volvement of the Vermont Christian Church D.O.C. in the community these past 70 years and their commitment to their fellow man. 
f 
HONORING SAINT BRUNO PARISH 
ON ITS 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Saint Bruno Catholic Church, an exem-plary Catholic parish at 4751 South Harding on the southwest side of Chicago, which is celebrating its 90th anniversary. 
Founded on September 12, 1925, St. 
Bruno’s mission has remained the same: pro-claiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ, caring for the poor, the sick, and the elderly, educating children in the faith, and celebrating the sacra-ments. The parish first carried out this mission as a place of worship for Polish immigrants. Father Alexis Gorski presided over the first Mass at St. Bruno’s. 
Today, Father Antoni Bury is pastor and the 
parish is home to a diverse population with Masses offered in English, Polish, and Span-ish. All parishioners, irrespective of their eth-nicity, come together and work to live their faith and improve their community. St. Bruno’s also has a parish school led by principal Col-leen Schrantz. 
On Saturday, October 3rd, St. Bruno’s will 
be celebrating its 90th anniversary with a Mass presided over by Bishop Thomas J. Paprocki. Bishop Paprocki is the nephew of the first parish priest, Fr. Gorski. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing St. Bruno Catholic Church and all its parishioners as they celebrate their 90th anniversary. May St. Bruno’s continue to live out its mission of faith in service to God and others. 
f 
HONORING DALTON HUNTER 
HUNTLEY 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Dalton Hunter Huntley. Dalton is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Dalton has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Dalton has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous 
merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Dal-ton has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Dalton Hunter Huntley for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING DUSTY SHULTZ 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dusty Shultz, superintendent of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore upon the occasion of her retirement on No-vember 2, 2015, after 42 years of service, in-cluding 14 years with the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in my district in Northern Michigan. 
Ms. Shultz has had a long and industrious 
career with the National Park Service. Ms. Shultz’s interest in a career with the Park Service began early. Following an opportunity to attend an Allegheny Portage Railroad Na-tional Historic Site near her home in Central Pennsylvania, Ms. Schultz remained in touch with contacts at the event and was hired by the service upon her high school graduation. 
After a long and distinguished career with 
the National Park Service, Ms. Shultz was ap-pointed as Superintendent of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in August of 2001. Under her leadership, she worked with local residents, landowners, local commu-nities, and the National Park Service to re- work the plans for the general management plan of the lakeshore. 
I was honored to work with all stakeholders, 
including Ms. Schultz, to pass legislation that codified the new general management plan that garnered tremendous support in our local communities. I was happy to sponsor the ‘‘Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore Conservation and Recreation Act,’’ which was signed into law by President Obama on March 13, 2014. This legislation ensures that the park will remain both protected and accessible for generations to come. Ms. Schultz played a key role in ensuring that the balance of acces-sibility and conservation in the park was main-tained, and stakeholders from around our local communities have praised her efforts. 
On behalf of all residents of Northern Michi-
gan, I wish to salute Ms. Shultz for her many years of dedicated service to the National Park Service, and the citizens of the United States. 
f 
CELEBRATING CHILDREN’S CAR-
DIOMYOPATHY AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in recognition of the second an-nual Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness 
Month. Cardiomyopathy is a chronic disease of the heart muscle that affects the heart’s ability to pump blood. The disease can present in different forms and may, in severe cases, lead to heart failure and/or sudden death. The goal of this Awareness Month is to provide information and resources to help identify more at-risk children to prevent sud-den death. 
Knowing your family cardiac history is es-
sential to preventing premature death. There is no low-cost diagnostic test that can quickly detect all forms of cardiomyopathy. A discus-sion of your family’s heart health with a geneti-cist, cardiologist or pediatrician can help as-sess your child’s risk for cardiomyopathy. 
The Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation 
works to raise awareness for serious cardiac conditions and provides resources and sup-ports to families struggling with the reality of discovering that their young children have crit-ical conditions. CCF’s work to bring attention to this issue and encourage better detection, prevention, and treatment for patients is im-portant, and I thank them for these efforts. I invite my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating this organization’s lifesaving work. 
f 
HONORING THE DEWALT MECHLIN 
CHAPTER OF THE NATIONAL SO-CIETY OF THE DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION ON ITS 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Dewalt Mechlin Chapter of the Na-tional Society of the Daughters of the Amer-ican Revolution which is celebrating its 100 year anniversary. I appreciate all the hard work the Dewalt Mechlin Chapter has done to assist the community through their service. 
The NSDAR’s mission is ‘‘to promote his-
toric preservation, education and patriotism.’’ For a century, the Dewalt Mechlin Chapter has excelled at fulfilling this mission. 
The Dewalt Mechlin Chapter was organized 
by Minnie MacFarlane Prince and eleven char-ter members. Their first meeting on December 6, 1915, was held at the Ridge Park Field House. Mrs. Prince, as founding member, chose to name the chapter after her patriot ancestor, Dewalt Mechlin. The chapter placed its first historical marker in the Beverly/Morgan Park community and has continued to pre-serve history with historical markers in order to promote education. 
The Dewalt Mechlin Chapter has a long his-
tory of community service. In both the First and Second World Wars, they assisted with the war effort by operating a Red Cross Shop and contributing to relief efforts. During the Second World War the organization invested in war bonds, urged membership in the Red Cross, recruited blood donors, and donated generously to veterans’ hospitals in Chicagoland. This service continues with the chapter supporting veterans, recruiting blood donors, donating money and gifts to the vet-erans hospitals, supporting the Red Cross, serving as election judges, working to encour-age voting, marching in the Beverly Memorial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29SE8.002 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1381 September 29, 2015 
Day parade, donating food and clothing to 
needy families, and many other activities that enrich the community. The Dewalt Mechlin Chapter is particularly proud of its involvement in community education, particularly through its support of the Good Citizens and ROTC programs. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the women of the Dewalt Mechlin Chapter of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution for all they have done over the past century. They have done a tremendous job and I wish them all the best. 
f 
HONORING OUR ALLY THE REPUB-
LIC OF CHINA ON THEIR NA-TIONAL DAY 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
take the floor today to honor our ally the Re-public of China (Taiwan) on their National Day. Since World War II, the United States and Taiwan have had a very close relationship and friendship. 
The United States and Taiwan enjoy a long-
standing relationship that stems from our shared values: democracy, the rule of law, and free enterprise. Not only an important se-curity partner, Taiwan is also a strong eco-nomic partner—in fact, our 10th-largest trading partner of the United States, and the 5th larg-est export market in Asia of my representing state—Michigan. 
Taiwan always shares America’s democ-
racy, freedom, and awareness for human rights. To protect these values, the United States has willingly supported Taiwan’s secu-rity over the years. We have provided Taiwan aircraft, vessels, vehicles, technology, and many other necessities to protect themselves. In addition to self-defense, these tools are being used to demonstrate that Taiwan is our security partner in the Asia Pacific region. 
Many Americans believe in a strong U.S. re-
lationship with Taiwan. I would like to see the continuing support for Taiwan and policies that would promote our relationship going forward. 
f 
HONORING DRAKE NICHOLAS 
HANSEN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Drake Nicholas Hansen. Drake is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Drake has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Drake has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Drake has also contributed to his community 
through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Drake Nicholas Hansen for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAIN AWARENESS 
MONTH 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of Pain Awareness Month, which we observe each September to raise awareness for those suffering from chronic pain and to promote a greater understanding of pain management and treatment. 
Pain is not only a debilitating medical condi-
tion that affects millions of Americans each day—it is also a serious strain on our econ-omy and workforce. With an estimated annual cost of nearly $600 billion in treatment and lost wages, our nation spends more money treating pain than almost any other disease, including heart disease, diabetes and cancer. 
Unfortunately, chronic pain has long been 
viewed as a medical condition that can be cured with just a pen and prescription pad. But as we’ve learned over the past decade, this is simply not the case. Rather than curing or comforting individuals who suffer from chronic pain, the over-use of prescription pain medica-tion can often lead those individuals only to deeper pain and darker despair. It’s time that we as a country treat pain as the complex medical issue that it truly is and pursue real, lasting solutions for all those who suffer from it. 
In an age of unprecedented medical ad-
vancements, it’s absolutely critical that we begin making stronger investments in effective and safe methods of pain management and treatment, so that those suffering from chronic pain can be freed from their burden, return to work, support their families and live full, inde-pendent lives. 
While Pain Awareness Month reminds us of 
the devastating toll that pain takes on so many Americans, their families and our economy, it’s important that this month also serve as a cata-lyst for swift and comprehensive action to help those who are suffering right now in my district and in every district across the country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAY POTESTA UPON 
HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased 
to stand before you and my colleagues today to applaud Mr. Jay Potesta upon his retire-ment from his position as the Director of Gov-ernmental Affairs for the International Associa-tion of Sheet Metal, Air, Rail, and Transpor-tation Workers. Jay has devoted his life to the interests of men and women in the trades, and to the communities of Northwest Indiana, Indi-anapolis, and beyond. He also has served in 
many leadership roles throughout his illus-trious career. For his lifetime of service, Mr. Potesta will be honored at a retirement dinner taking place at the Baymont Inn and Suites in Plainfield, Indiana, on Saturday, October 3, 2015. 
Jay Potesta started his apprenticeship for 
Sheet Metal Workers Local 20 in 1976, and I am assured that he can capably use tools. Following his apprenticeship, Jay worked tire-lessly on behalf of his members and every American who wants to make a living wage. Among his many positions, he has rep-resented the union as Business Manager of Sheet Metal Workers Local 20, Vice President of the American Federation of Labor-Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL-CIO), Presi-dent of the Indiana State Building and Con-struction Trades Council, President of the Great Lakes State Council, Trustee of the Gary and the Indianapolis Pension Funds, General Vice President of the Sheet Metal Workers International Association’s (SMWIA) General Executive Council, and his most re-cent position, Director of Governmental Affairs for the International Association of Sheet Metal, Air, Rail, and Transportation Workers, formerly known as SMWIA. Jay also has been a public servant, having been elected to the Hammond Indiana School Board. He has addi-tionally served on numerous other boards 
throughout the communities in which he has lived, including the Capitol Improvement Board and the National Democrat Club. Jay also is a Master Mason, 32nd Degree Mason Scottish Rite, Orak Shrine. 
Northwest Indiana has a rich history of ex-
cellence in its craftsmanship and loyalty from the men and women in the trades. For many years, Jay Potesta has displayed this unwav-ering dedication to the members of the Build-ing Trades, and his numerous positions have provided him with the opportunity to touch the lives of countless individuals. 
Jay’s dedication to the community and his 
career is exceeded only by his devotion to his amazing family. Jay and his wonderful wife, Pam, have two children and four grand-children. 
In sum, Jay Potesta has led a life of dedica-
tion. A life in which he has been deeply seri-ous about his responsibilities, all while pos-sessed with a wonderful self deprecating sense of humor. I am blessed to have known Jay since 1983. He has been my friend for these many years, the type of friend who would be the last man standing if all others deserted you. For that I thank him and I re-spectfully request that you and my other dig-nified colleagues join me in commending Jay for his many years of service and in wishing him well upon his retirement. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT EARL NOE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Robert Earl Noe. Robert is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29SE8.004 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1382 September 29, 2015 
Robert has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Robert has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Rob-ert has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Robert Earl Noe for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH 
BIRTHDAY OF FELICIA MORMILE 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 100th Birthday of Brooklyn’s Felicia Mormile. 
On October 3, 1915, Felicia Veronica 
Provisiero was born in downtown Brooklyn to parents Carmela and Ralph. The oldest of six children, she was always there to do her chores and help her younger siblings. When Felicia was just 16, her mother tragically passed away and her father pulled her out of school so she could take care of the family. 
In 1934, Felicia was introduced to Alphonse 
Mormile through her Uncle Jimmy. After dating for four years, they married on April 3, 1938 and had six wonderful children. In addition to being a working mother, she volunteered non- stop; for twenty years, Felicia would clean up her church before Mass each day, and she would prepare and bring food to the homeless in her community. Furthermore, she volun-teered her time at the Guardian Angel Home for Unwed Mothers by helping take care of the children and readying the new mothers for parenthood. 
Every Christmas, Felicia and her family 
would make baskets for the poor to ensure that they had everything necessary in order to have a wonderful Christmas dinner. Each Tuesday, she would take the train to Saint Francis Assisi Church to attend a novena and from there she would always go shopping at Gimbels Department Store. 
Mr. Speaker, Felicia Mormile’s selflessness 
and commitment to volunteering is something to which we should all aspire. With six chil-dren, 11 grandchildren, and 16 great-grand-children, she has been a loving member not only of her family, but of the community as well. I commend her outstanding life, and I am proud to honor this citizen from New York’s 11th District on her 100th birthday. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE JOB CORPS 
PROGRAM 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate 50 years of incredible work by the Job Corps program. For a half-century, Job Corps has been expanding hope and ac-cess to opportunity for millions of young peo-
ple across the country. 
Administered by the Department of Labor 
and funded by the Workforce Investment Act, Job Corps offers hands-on technical training, career planning, job placement, housing as-sistance and academic training at no cost to Americans aged 16 to 24. 
It serves a vital pipeline to long-term career 
success for our youth, providing the tools nec-essary to find and keep a stable job that pays a living wage—a foundation that these stu-dents will be able to build from for the rest of their lives. 
In Northwest Washington, we take real pride 
in the remarkable success of the Cascades Job Corps Center in my district. 
Cascades Job Corps provides economically 
disadvantaged youth the opportunity to learn technical and career-based skills, earn a high school diploma or GED, and find and keep a good-paying job. 
I have had the pleasure of visiting the Cas-
cades Job Corps classrooms and facilities on numerous occasions, and for the last two years, I have been honored to give the com-mencement speeches for their graduating stu-dents. 
In Congress, I will continue to speak up for 
Cascades and the great work they do for stu-dents in the First Congressional District of Washington. 
By ensuring everyone has access to these 
kinds of opportunities, as well as the chance to succeed through hard work and determina-tion, we can shape stronger communities and finally build an economy that works for all Americans. 
f 
HONORING TURNER SAMUEL HESS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Turner Samuel Hess. Turner is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Turner has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Turner has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous 
merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Tur-ner has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Turner Samuel Hess for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. RECOGNIZING ALEXA IANNACE AS 
A 2015 NATIONAL YOUNG WOMEN OF DISTINCTION 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Ms. Alexa Iannace on her selection as one of ten 2015 National Young Women of Distinction. This is an honor given by Girl Scouts of the USA to young women who have earned their Gold Award, the highest achieve-ment attainable for a Girl Scout. 
Alexa recently graduated from Emmaus 
High School. She earned her Gold Award for her documentary on child pornography, which she created with input from members of law enforcement and victims’ advocates. She screened her film for an audience that in-cluded students studying criminal justice and social work at local area universities, as well as a cyber-crimes taskforce comprised of 10 law enforcement agencies including the US Department of Homeland Security and Lehigh County’s Bar Association for District Attorneys. 
Alexa’s commitment to service and commu-
nity extends beyond the Scouting. She partici-pated in Keystone Girls State, is a recipient of the Union League of Philadelphia Good Citi-zenship Award and won the Daughters of the American Revolution Good Citizenship Award contest for Emmaus High School. 
Alexa is now furthering her education at 
American University in Washington D.C. where she is majoring in International Rela-tions and Political Science. She has already been accepted by the school’s prestigious Leadership program. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Ms. Alexa Iannace, and her parents Margaret and Paul, for her accom-plishments in earning Girl Scout’s highest award, being named as one of 2015’s National Young Women of Distinction, and for giving back to her community. 
f 
HONORING ELIZABETH T. HUF 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, congratula-
tions to Elizabeth T. Huf on her retirement from the Centennial School District Board of Directors, with the thanks of a grateful school community for her 22 years of service on the Board including serving as President, Vice President, Assistant Secretary and Committee Chair. 
Throughout her career, Betty, as she is 
known to her friends and associates, exempli-fied the true spirit of volunteerism and public service. She actively participated in, and con-tributed to the betterment of her community of Warminster, Bucks County, where she resided for more than 50 years. Additionally, she is the devoted mother of four children, and a proud grandmother and great-grandmother. 
As she retires, Betty Huf’s many contribu-
tions will be missed, but she leaves an exam-ple of public service for others to follow. Thanks for all you’ve done, Betty. Best of luck to you in your retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29SE8.012 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1383 September 29, 2015 
IN SUPPORT OF EXTENDING, ‘‘THE 
FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN PRO-GRAM’’ 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of extending the Perkins Loan Program for one year so that students can complete their education and join our work-force. 
Perkins Loans provide critical support to stu-
dents with economic need, offering low-cost loans with flexible repayment terms and gen-erous forgiveness options that are public-serv-ice oriented. In 2013–2014, close to 500,000 students with need were awarded nearly $1 billion in Perkins Loans. And throughout its 57- year history, more than 30 million students with need have benefited from this program. It is also the only loan program used to support graduate and professional schools students. 
According to the Congressional Budget of-
fice it has estimated that the Federal Govern-ment will reclaim nearly $5 billion over the next ten years. This is $5 billion that should be used to help keep college affordable for stu-dents in need of help. 
Without Perkins, schools would lose the 
necessary flexibility to help students cover gaps left after Federal grants and Stafford Loans are applied or unforeseen cir-cumstances jeopardize a student’s ability to pay for college. Ultimately, if Perkins is al-lowed to expire billions of dollars in student aid would be eliminated from schools’ revolv-ing funds. 
Perkins Loans themselves don’t usually 
amount to more than several thousand dollars per student, but they can spell the difference between whether or not our students can at-tend college. In Texas, that means approxi-mately over 12,000 students a year having an opportunity to finish their degree without un-necessary financial interruptions. This is not a time to abandon our students who are working hard to complete their education and have the same opportunities as so many other college graduates. 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle to extend the Federal Perkins Loan Program. 
f 
HONORING BRADLEY EUGENE 
MORGAN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Bradley Eugene Morgan. Bradley is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Bradley has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Bradley has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Brad-
ley has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Bradley Eugene Morgan for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING CECILIA AGUIAR-CURRY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Cecilia Aguiar-Curry a City Councilwoman of Winters and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Cecilia Aguiar-Curry was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Cecilia Aguiar-Curry is currently in 
her second term as Mayor of Winters, a city of 7,000 residents in Western Yolo County. Cecilia has spearheaded many new initiatives for the city of Winters. She is an incisive lead-er with clear vision and the ability to make that vision a reality in tangible ways. She is an out-standing ambassador to the world at large for the city of Winters. 
Whereas, under her leadership, the Yolo 
County Health and Human Services brought a branch to Winters. PG&E is also building a new training facility in Winters, providing more than $500,000 in computer technology and training to the schoolchildren of Winters through a partnership with the Winters Edu-cation Foundation and the Yocha DeHe Foun-dation. She also was a successful advocate for the Berryessa Snow Mountain National Monument, revived the local Hispanic Advisory Community and developed the Winters Youth Council. 
Whereas, Cecilia also serves on the Board 
of Directors for the Sacramento Area Council of Governments (SACOG), the New Hope Community Development Corporation, the Yolo County Housing Commission, the Water Resource Association of Yolo County, and the 10 Year Plan to End Homelessness. Pre-viously, she served on the Board of Directors for the League of California Cities. Cecilia is hardworking, responsible, compassionate, and an effective leader who truly cares about her community. 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Cecilia Aguiar-Curry. 
f 
HONORING THE WORK OF CRAIG 
WILLIAMS AND THE KENTUCKY ENVIRONMENTAL FOUNDATION 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the work of Craig Williams and the Ken-tucky Environmental Foundation. Twenty-five years ago, the Foundation formed the Chem-ical Weapons Working Group. This group was 
made up of residents who were concerned about building chemical weapons incinerators at eight sites across the country and one is-land in the Pacific. The CWWG has worked hard over the years at the grassroots level to successfully advocate for federal legislation that mandated research and implementation of safer weapons disposal technologies that did not include incineration. 
The Chemical Weapons Working Group has 
done an excellent job of bringing people to-gether from many different social and political persuasions and many different perspectives. These dedicated people have worked over the past twenty-five years to come to consensus on safe solutions for the disposal of U.S. chemical weapons. Currently, a non-inciner-ation technology facility is under construction in the Sixth District of Kentucky. The project is being done with continued oversight by Mr. Craig Williams, as he also serves as the Host Community Liaison between local govern-ments and the Pentagon. 
Mr. Williams is a founding member and past 
Director of the Kentucky Environmental Foun-dation. In addition to serving as Director of the Chemical Weapons Working Group, he is a charter member of the Kentucky Governor’s Chemical Material Demilitarization Citizen’s Advisory Commission and currently serves as co-chair of the Kentucky Chemical Destruction Advisory Board. 
Mr. Williams is the co-founder and secretary 
of the Vietnam Veterans of America Founda-tion. He has received several tributes in the United States Congress and was presented the John O’Connor Citizens Achievement Award in 2003. Williams is involved in many community activities. Williams and his wife live in Berea, Kentucky near their two children and two grandchildren. 
The people of the Sixth District and our na-
tion are safer today because of the deter-mined work and excellent leadership of Craig Williams and the Kentucky Environmental Foundation. They have worked tirelessly and with great passion to mandate ways to dis-pose of chemical weapons in a safe manner. I join a grateful nation in congratulating the Kentucky Environmental Foundation on their twenty-five years and thanking Craig Williams for his excellent leaderships. 
f 
HONORING THE SPIRIT OF MIDDLE 
PASSAGE, NAACP MARCHER FOR JUSTICE 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, we mourn yet 
celebrate the life of NAACP justice marcher, Middle Passage, who passed away on Sep-tember 12th, 2015. Passage, 68, died during America’s Journey for Justice, a six week march that commemorates the 50th anniver-sary of the civil rights movement. 
During Passage’s earlier lifetime, he 
changed his name to Middle Passage to re-mind us of enslaved Africans. The ‘‘Middle Passage’’ represented the journey taken by slave ships from Africa to the West Indies. 
Despite having several heart operations and 
surviving two wars, in Korea and Vietnam, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.003 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1384 September 29, 2015 
Passage marched over 900 miles from Selma, 
Alabama to Washington, D.C. while serving as the flag bearer during the Journey for Justice March. From his work as a civil rights activist, a veteran, and an overall believer in the U.S. Constitution, Passage will be remembered for his continued dedication for fighting for justice and freedom for all. 
While we grieve the loss of one of the many 
pioneers for civil rights, we will remember his legacy as a Marcher for Justice and more im-portantly, celebrate his memory and work in the community in efforts to ensure younger generations can learn and become inspired by him. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM LEE HESS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize William Lee Hess. William is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
William has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years William has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Wil-liam has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending William Lee Hess for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING CATHLEEN OLSEN 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Cathleen Olsen a nu-trition advocate and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Cathleen Olsen was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Cathy is currently the Director of 
Nutrition and Food Services for the Winters Joint Unified School district and has been in-strumental in educating students about good food habits and nutrition. When talking about meal plans, she always ensures it includes the numerous fresh fruits and vegetables that are in season. 
Whereas, in 2001, Cathy championed the 
start of the Winters Farm to School Program. Its mission is to raise funds to provide fresh and local produce to our children’s school food program, educate children about the food pro-grams, and reconnect children to the rich agri-cultural heritage in the Winters Community. Cathy has developed a strong network of farmers that have helped her achieve remark-able statistics. Currently 93% of fresh fruits 
and vegetables purchased are locally sourced, 50% coming directly from farmers. To ensure that school children are getting fresh produce, Cathy and the Farm to School committee also started an annual fundraiser that last year, provided $50,000 for the Winters Joint Unified 
School District’s Nutrition and Food Services. 
Whereas, additionally, Cathy helps host a 
weekly Farmers Market and started a school garden that allowed students to cultivate plants throughout the school year. This past summer alone, Cathy and her staff provided over 400 breakfast and lunches for students ages 5–18. 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Cathleen Olsen. 
f 
TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
recognition of the upcoming National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan) on October 10, 2015. 
The relationship between our two great 
countries has been long and prosperous, and will continue long into the future. During WWII, the Republic of China helped the allied forces defeat Japanese troops and ultimately win the war. In 1954, Taiwan signed the Sino-Amer-ican Mutual Defense Treaty, which ensured peace in the Taiwan Strait and allowed for continued Taiwanese development. Later, the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA), passed in 1979, guaranteed the future for a prosperous rela-tionship. 
Since that time, Taiwan has continued to be 
a strong security and trade partner to the U.S. America has provided Taiwan with $18.3 bil-lion in arms sales over the past seven years. In May 2015, the U.S. Congress passed initia-tives aimed at increasing U.S.-Taiwan military exchanges, including participation in the Rim of the Pacific Exercise. 
On the trade front, Taiwan has not only be-
come one of the leading economies in the Asia-Pacific region, but the entire world. Tai-wan is America’s tenth largest trading partner and America is Taiwan’s third largest trading partner after China and Japan. Taiwan has even been named the third best country to in-vest in and the U.S. is Taiwan’s largest foreign investor. 
In addition to being a strong trading partner, 
Taiwan has emerged as a responsible partici-pant in the international market and an active member of prominent international organiza-tions. Taiwan has been an outstanding mem-ber since becoming a member of the World Trade Organization in 2002. In 2008, the WTO Committee on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures elected Lo Chang-fa, a professor specializing in international trade at National Taiwan University, to serve on its Permanent Group of Experts panel. Later that same year, Taiwan became a member of the Agreement on Government Procurement. These steps in the WTO show how the world has recognized Taiwan as a leading economy. 
In January 2009, the World Health Organi-
zation (WHO) made arrangements for Taiwan to become a party to the International Health 
Regulations. 
This has enabled the Taiwanese to have di-
rect contact with the WHO and gives it access to firsthand information on public health emer-gencies of international concern. Moreover, the WHO can dispatch personnel to provide assistance during any future health crisis in Taiwan. 
Given Taiwan’s proven track record of being 
a reliable member in international bodies, we should encourage more international participa-tion by Taiwan. For example, given that crimi-nals do not care about boundaries separating countries, it is critical that nations are able to share information on criminals and suspicious activity with each other, but Taiwan cannot do that because it is not yet a member of INTERPOL. Taiwan should be granted ob-server status in INTERPOL as soon as pos-sible. 
It is critical that the United States and Tai-
wan maintain and enhance their present rela-tionship. From rising insecurity in the region to economic challenges the world over, our two countries need to face the future arm in arm. I congratulate Taiwan on its National Day and look forward to many more years of a close partnership. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
roll call vote 520, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘AYE.’’ 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE NORTH-
WEST INDIAN FISHERIES COM-MISSION 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor and thank the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission for its unyielding dedication to the restoration of Puget Sound and the protection of Tribal treaty rights for the First Peoples of the Pacific Northwest. 
For Tribes, clean water and healthy salmon 
are not just perks of life in the Pacific North-west; they are the centerpiece of the Tribes’ history, culture, and way of life. Unfortunately, changing ocean chemistry, degrading habitats, and stormwater runoff are posing an existen-tial threat to these resources. 
Following a landmark victory reaffirming 
treaty-protected fishing rights, the Tribes cre-ated the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commis-sion to assist them in developing biologically sound fisheries and restore the salmon runs that sustained their people for centuries. The interconnectedness of habitats and ecological systems throughout the Puget Sound region means that Tribal participation is vital to all as-pects of natural resource management in the Pacific Northwest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.006 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1385 September 29, 2015 
To that end, NWIFC provides a forum for 
member Tribes to jointly address natural re-source management issues and enables Tribes to speak with a unified voice on issues of mutual concern. For decades, NWIFC and the Tribes have asked the Federal Govern-ment to fulfill its treaty obligations by pro-tecting the Puget Sound and restoring salmon runs. 
Today, I thank the Northwest Indian Fish-
eries Commission for its partnership and co-operation in the development of the Promoting United Government Efforts To Save Our Sound Act, or the PUGET SOS Act. This bill requires a more coordinated and deliberate ef-fort within the Federal Government to restore and protect the Puget Sound, and it explicitly recognizes and prioritizes the treaty rights of the sovereign Tribes. I sincerely thank the Commission’s staff for their assistance and advice in crafting this important piece of legis-lation. 
I raise my hands to the Northwest Indian 
Fisheries Commission and its member Tribes for their tireless efforts to save the Puget Sound. 
f 
HONORING BECKY BRUMMET 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Becky Brummet, a special education teacher and one of my dis-trict’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Becky Brummet was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Becky is a dedicated Special Edu-
cation teacher at Orland High School who pre-viously taught students at the Continuation School and Head Start. Becky goes the extra mile to ensure her students who face chal-lenges get the services they need. Becky is described by her colleagues as a Worker Bee and a fearless child advocate. 
Whereas, Becky served the Glenn County 
Fair Board by appointment under Governor Schwarzenegger and has continued to support current appointees and activities since her de-parture. Becky was the co-founder of the ‘‘Av-enue of Lights’’, an annual display installed at the fairgrounds during the holidays that has expanded over the years to encompass a full mile. It poses as a Winter Wonderland to de-light local residents of all ages. 
Whereas, additionally, Becky serves as 
President of the California Teachers Associa-tion in Orland where she is a strong voice for fairness in the workplace. Her voice is ampli-fied each day with a powerful task: she leads by example. 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Becky Brummet. RECOGNIZING LAUREN WHALEY 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to 
recognize Lauren Whaley as she and her fam-ily begin a new chapter in their lives. I want to thank her for her service to the Carolinas Credit Union League and all the credit unions in North Carolina they represent. 
Lauren and her husband, Charles, are grad-
uates of North Carolina State University, and have called Raleigh home for many years. Last year, they were blessed to welcome their beautiful daughter, Margaret Blaire Whaley, into their family. 
Lauren has been with the League for over 
six years and has served as the Vice Presi-dent of Governmental Affairs representing credit unions in both the North Carolina Gen-eral Assembly and the United States Con-gress. She has represented credit unions with the highest degree of professionalism and has a work ethic that is second to none. 
Lauren was instrumental in working to help 
pass legislation to curb elder financial abuse in North Carolina. Her accomplishments are many and her mark is as lasting as her im-pression on those she meets. As a freshman member, I appreciate the resource she has been to me and my staff. 
I know Lauren will be missed as she de-
parts from the League not only for her industry knowledge, but also for who she is as a per-son. I wish Lauren and her family the best. 
f 
SHEDDING LIGHT ON NATIONAL 
SICKLE CELL DISEASE AWARE-NESS MONTH 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, during the 
month of September, we recognize National Sickle Cell Awareness month, which is signifi-cant to me because this rare blood disorder affects many constituents in my congressional district. I understand how important it is to not only be aware of the illness but also to ensure those with Sickle Cell receive proper treat-ment. 
Sickle cell disease, most commonly found in 
individuals of African American, Hispanic, In-dian, Caribbean, Mediterranean, Middle East-ern, and South Asian descent, affects more than 100,000 individuals worldwide. It is an ill-ness that affects the red blood cells. People with sickle cell disease have red blood cells with abnormal types of hemoglobin. This ab-normal type of hemoglobin looks crescent- shaped, is difficult to pass through blood ves-sels and causes less blood to reach certain parts of the body. When the proper amount of blood does not circulate throughout the body, they can have damaging effects, causing ane-mia, jaundice and the formation of gallstones. 
It is imperative that we not only educate 
ourselves but those around us as well. I am proud that in 2014, I co-founded the Congres-
sional Sickle Cell Caucus with Rep. D
ANNY  
DAVIS (D–7th, IL) and Senator T IMSCOTT (R– 
SC) to support legislation, promote policies and inform the public about the disease. To-gether we are pushing to reauthorize the Sick-le Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Pre-vention, and Treatment Act which allows states to collect data, conduct health initiatives and identify and evaluate strategies for pre-vention and treatment of sickle cell disease complications. I commend organizations like the Sickle Cell Disease Association and Sickle Cell Foundation Support Group, Inc. for their efforts and I will continue to support initiatives that will help improve the lives of those with Sickle Cell disease. 
f 
HONORING BARBARA L EVAKE 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Barbara LeVake a County Supervisor of Yuba County and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Barbara LeVake was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, raised on a dairy farm in Merced, 
Barbara LeVake has been involved in agri-culture and public policy issues all her life. She has been a member of the California Women for Agriculture for 40 years and is cur-rently the State Legislative Director. 
Whereas, a resident of Sutter County for 
over 30 years, Barbara is a County Supervisor having previously served from 1989–1992 and as a Governor appointee to the State Rec-lamation Board. 
Whereas, since 1995, Barbara has been the 
CEO of Brazil/LeVake Government Relations providing services to clients ranging from agri-culture to energy to water interests. She also actively represents the agricultural industry as a member of the California Elected Women’s Association, California State Association of Counties, Capitol Network, National Associa-tion of Business Women Owners, Western Growers Association, California Farm Bureau, and Western Plant Health Association. She is also a member of the Sutter Buttes Flood Control Agency and the Sutter Yuba Farm Bu-reau. 
Whereas, Barbara is respected as a bold 
leader who demonstrates grace under pres-sure. She works to shape policy to address the needs of today while being mindful of fu-ture generations yet to come. As a role model, Barbara helps to inspire in others, a reminder to advocate passionately, be a leader, and to always act with integrity and class. 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Barbara LeVake. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.010 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1386 September 29, 2015 
HONORING NINE WORLD WAR II 
FEMALE VETERANS 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of the nine outstanding World War II fe-male veterans from Palm Beach County who will soon be honored by the Palm Beach County Veterans Committee. They are a co-hort defined by dedication, excellence, and selflessness in their willingness to serve. 
On Veterans Day, we pay tribute to the men 
and women who throughout history and to this day have defended our Nation and our values through service in our armed forces. The debt we owe to these veterans is immeasurable, and we must always strive to be a nation wor-thy of their heroic sacrifice. 
For the past eight years, the Palm Beach 
County Veterans Committee has sponsored annual Veterans Day parades and ceremonies honoring our Nation’s veterans. This year, nine female World War II veterans will be per-sonally honored as Grand Marshalls in the Palm Beach County Veterans Day Parade on November 8th. 
Congratulations to Dorothy Echeverria, Max-
ine Bodman, Nina Gebrian, Marjorie Ulsamer, Florence Mascott, Virginia Stefan, Bernice Harwood, Eleanor McFadden, and Jean Mahonney on being chosen as Grand Mar-shal’s in this year’s Veterans Day parade. I am proud to honor them in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD , and express deep apprecia-
tion for their service to our Nation. 
f 
HONORING BARBARA CHRISTWITZ 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Barbara Christwitz, a community leader and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Barbara Christwitz was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Barbara Christwitz is the founder 
of Citizens Caring 4 Clearlake, a non-profit or-ganization that leads neighborhood clean ups of trash and debris. She is dedicated to mak-ing Clearlake a better place. 
Whereas, in addition to Citizens 4 Clearlake, 
Barbara has been an active community mem-ber with an extensive volunteer resume. She volunteers for the Lake County Time Bank and Lake County Coop and is a coordinator of monthly Peace Prayer dances. Barbara helped establish the Highlands Senior Service Center Garden and is a leader in the Girl’s Circle sponsored by the Lake County Family Re-source Center. 
Whereas, Barbara has been a tutor spe-
cialist at Yuba Community College for the past ten years. She is an amazingly giving person with an inexhaustible spirit who takes pride in her community. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the 
accomplishments of Barbara Christwitz. 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE PUGET 
SOUND PARTNERSHIP 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize and thank the Puget Sound Partnership for its tireless efforts to protect and restore America’s largest estuary. 
The Puget Sound Partnership is the agency 
of Washington state serving as the backbone organization for Puget Sound recovery. The Partnership coordinates the efforts of citizens, governments, tribes, scientists, businesses and nonprofits to set priorities, implement a re-gional recovery plan, and ensure account-ability for results. 
It is this kind of cooperative effort that can 
turn back the tide of degrading habitats and changing ocean chemistry, and I commend the Partnership for taking on the mantle of leadership in this vital mission. 
The Puget Sound is not only a national en-
vironmental treasure; it is the centerpiece of our cultural identity and economic strength in the Pacific Northwest. If habitats continue to degrade and our cool, clean water is jeopard-ized by changing ocean conditions, we will lose much of what makes the Puget Sound and Washington state so special. 
That is why I have worked closely with the 
Puget Sound Partnership and its Executive Di-rector, Sheida Sahandy, to bring their model of cooperative, coordinated recovery to federal agencies through the Promoting Unified Gov-ernment Efforts To Save Our Sound Act, or the PUGET SOS Act. This bill is a significant first step to bring more federal attention to bear on Puget Sound recovery, and I sincerely thank the Partnership’s staff for their assist-ance and advice in crafting this important piece of legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL EN-
DOWMENT FOR THE ARTS ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts. Fifty years ago today, President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts in Humanities Act as an umbrella for creating the National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities. 
Since President Johnson signed National 
Endowment for the Arts (NEA) into law 50 years ago, the NEA has been supporting art-ists and arts organizations across this country. The NEA’s grant programs have helped sup-port the creation of new artwork in our com-munities, taught generations of children the power of creativity and problem solving, pre-served our nations artistic heritage, and brought art forms to stages, movie theatres, televisions, and public spaces across the 
United States. 
The investment we make in the arts pro-
vides us not only with the enrichment of our communities across the country, but it is also a powerful economic driver. Each year, the nonprofit arts industry generates $135.2 billion in economic activity, providing 4.13 millions jobs, and returns billions to the federal govern-ment in income taxes. Additionally, for every one dollar of federal funds we invest in the arts, we return 9 nonfederal dollars back—an unprecedented return on investment. Through this federal investment, the non-profit arts in-dustry generates $22.3 billion in government revenue. 
The NEA has been at the forefront of a na-
tional effort to support arts and health in the military through the NEA/Walter Reed Healing Arts Partnership. This program supports writ-ing, visual and music arts therapy, and yoga for service men and women at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and the Na-tional Intrepid Center of Excellence (NICOE). These cost effective, non-invasive arts therapy programs rank consistently in the top five ‘‘helpful’’ and ‘‘wish to continue programs’’ on patient satisfaction surveys of men and women who have gone through the program. Through art therapy programs, our servicemen and women can transition away from large numbers of prescription medications to art therapy programs which allow for healing, psy-chosocial skill building, and self expression di-rectly correlated to an increase in quality of life after leaving the treatment at NICOE. 
The NEA also supports life-long learning in 
the arts through education programs that have been proven to help close the education achievement gap and help increase better grade point averages in core academic sub-jects. 
As President Johson said: ‘‘The arts and hu-
manities belong to the people, for it is, after all, the people who create them.’’ Please join me in recognizing the NEA on its 50th anni-versary. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF BAYSHORE SEN-IOR HEALTH, EDUCATION AND RECREATION CENTER 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Bayshore Senior Health, Edu-cation and Recreation Center in Keansburg, New Jersey as it celebrates its 40th anniver-sary this year. The Center’s efforts to enhance the well-being of the community’s senior popu-lation is truly deserving of this body’s recogni-tion. 
Through its activities, workshops, outings 
and classes, the Bayshore Senior Health, Education and Recreation Center provides an opportunity for seniors to receive resources, information, exercise and lunches, but also an opportunity to give back to the community through programs such as Crochet for a Cause and ESL lessons. In addition, the Cen-ter’s community involvement extends beyond its services to seniors, offering internship and practicum opportunities to college students 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.015 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1387 September 29, 2015 
pursuing nursing and social services degrees. 
Above all, the Bayshore Senior Health, Edu-cation and Recreation Center aims to provide a sense of fellowship in a safe, welcoming en-vironment. 
Since its inception, the Bayshore Senior 
Health, Education and Recreation Center has continued to grow and transform to meet the changing needs of its members. Its current lo-cation was recently expanded and renovated to include individual rooms dedicated to par-ticular activities, including a computer lab and craft room, a community room and an upstairs hall that can be rented out for special func-tions. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the Bayshore Senior Health, Education and Recreation Center on its 40th anniversary and thanking its staff and mem-bers for their extraordinary service to the com-munity. 
f 
HONORING ANGIE GATES 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Angie Gates a com-munity organizer and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Angie Gates was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Angie Gates is inspired by the 
people she serves through her volunteerism. ‘‘After the floods, I saw the good in people,’’ explained Angie. ‘‘It made me proud to call Yuba County my home.’’ 
Whereas, Angie has been a community or-
ganizer and volunteer in Yuba County for over 20 years. She spearheaded ‘So You Can’, a canned food drive and a critical networking agency. Originally designed to serve Olivehurst, the networking agency has ex-panded to include Linda, Arboga, Plumas Lake, and Marysville. 
Whereas, hundreds of local families are 
helped each year by the organizations and an-nual events Angie provides leadership for, such as Olivehurst’s Christmas Parade and Car Show, Marysville Boots and Brews, Oper-ation Turkey Swap, Holiday Dinner and Toy Drive, Olivehurst Little League, Marysville Kiwanis, Yuba County Senior Center, and Duke Memorial Foundation. 
Whereas, beyond providing food for the 
hungry and conducting toy drives during the holidays for low income families, Angie is pas-sionate about creating positive family events that promote a sense of community wellbeing so that people feel good about where they live. 
Whereas, what keeps Angie motivated are 
the smiles that she sees on the faces of many who return to say, ‘‘Thank you for helping our family out last year. Now that we are back on our feet, what can we do to help someone else this year?’’ 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Angie Gates. FOUR U.S. AVIATORS FROM THE 
GREAT WORLD WAR I 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 100 years 
ago, the United States came—not for the last time—to the free world’s aid, as Europe de-scended into a bloody war that would ulti-mately end the Age of Empires. Much has been written about the First World War, its im-pact on subsequent history, and the future tra-jectory of the Western world. But what are often forgotten are the stories and sacrifices of brave individuals. 
According to Blaine Pardoe’s ‘‘Terror of the 
Autumn Skies,’’ the average life expectancy of a new United States WWI pilot was just 19 days. These four men defied the odds and boldly fought their way through the war. These men deserve special tribute. They are all young Americans who came to the aid of our allies and helped make the world more secure and prosperous. 
All four were recipients of the Congressional 
Medal of Honor, our Nation’s highest military honor, and yet they are not household names. That is unfortunate. 
We must remember our warriors from 100 
years ago because the greatest tragedy of war is to be forgotten. 
FIRST LIEUTENANT FRANK LUKE , JR. 
Known as the ‘‘Arizona Balloon Buster,’’ 
Lieutenant Luke was born into a family of nine siblings in Phoenix, growing up a keen sports-man and bare-knuckle boxer—a pursuit that would help prepare him for the fight to come. Lt. Luke enlisted in the Aviation Section of the U.S. Signal Corps in 1917 and received his training in the Great State of Texas before being deployed to the Western Front. Perhaps reflecting his childhood sports prowess, Lt. Luke went on to become one of an elite num-ber of ‘‘fighter aces,’’ and in September 1918, he successfully completed a record personal campaign against German observation bal-loons and aircraft, earning him his nickname. He died in combat on 29 September 1918. He was 21. 
CAPTAIN EDWARD V . RICKENBACKER  
Eddie Rickenbacker always had a knack for 
driving. He competed in the Indianapolis 500 four times as a racecar driver before becom-ing America’s most successful WWI fighter ace. Born in Ohio to Swiss-German parents, Captain Rickenbacker had a personal connec-tion to the turmoil engulfing Europe and even tried to join the Allied cause before the United States entered the war. With 26 aerial vic-tories to his name, Captain Rickenbacker is widely considered one of the most accom-plished military aviators of his generation. He was also one of the hardest-working, clocking up a total of 300 combat hours. Rickenbacker was lucky enough to return home after the war and went on to become an airline executive and advisor to the U.S. Air Force effort in WWII. He died in Columbus in 1973 aged 82. 
CHIEF MACHINIST ’S MATE FRANCIS E . ORMSBEE , JR. 
Born and raised in Rhode Island, Frank 
Ormsbee, Jr., was not even yet a pilot when he conducted the brave rescue attempt that would earn him a Congressional Medal of Honor. After being motivated as a patriot to enlist in the Navy in 1917, the following year, 
as an aircrew member stationed at Pensacola, Florida, Ormsbee witnessed a plane go into a tailspin and crash less than a mile out from his position. The young Navy recruit jumped over-board and swam to the wreck, partially extri-cating the gunner and making a number of at-tempts to save his life. While the rescue was unsuccessful, Ormsbee’s heroism was extraor-dinary. He died in a plane crash two decades later at the age of 44. 
ENSIGN CHARLES HAZELTINE HAMMANN  
In addition to his congressional medal, 
Charles Hammann’s service has been memo-rialized by two Naval ships named in his honor. Originally from Baltimore, Hammann joined the Naval Reserve in 1917. Less than 12 months later, the young naval aviator found himself flying a Macchi M.5 seaplane off the Austro-Hungarian coast when his colleague and compatriot Ens. George M. Ludlow was shot down. Despite his aircraft being deemed suitable for one person, Ensign Hammann dove to the water and pulled his fellow Amer-ican onboard, saving his life amid danger of enemy fire from Austrian planes. He was killed on duty in Virginia on 14 June 1919. He was 27. 
All four of these brave Americans, two of 
them barely more than boys, exemplify the very best in our fine tradition of military serv-ice. As the world reflects on the Great War on the occasion of its centenary, it is my hope that we remember the names and stories of these heroic individuals who risked or, indeed, gave their lives in service of this Nation. 
The boys of the Great War were the fathers 
of America’s Greatest Generation. Their efforts cannot and will not be forgotten. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
on roll call no. 518, I was unable to vote due to a veterans event in the district with VA Sec-retary Robert McDonald. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
AYE. 
f 
HONORING ANDREA ARMSTRONG 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Andrea Armstrong, a community leader and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Andrea Armstrong was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, committed to the guidance and 
activities of Williams youth, in addition to serv-ing as a school board member for 20 years, Andi has been a key organizer and speaker for the ‘Every 15 Minutes’ program in schools. As a teenager, Andi was in a serious car acci-dent involving a drunken driver. She has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.019 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1388 September 29, 2015 
shared her story across the North State to en-
courage students to consider the con-sequences of drinking and driving or being a passenger in a car driven by an impaired driv-er. 
Whereas, Andi’s leadership was funda-
mental in the development and completion of the downtown mural project. The mural is the pride and the focal point in the City of Wil-liams. She served for 7 years as President of Citizens for a Better Williams, dedicated to the improvement of the historic downtown busi-ness district. Andi organized the City of Wil-liams annual events and parades while devel-oping a Summer concert series in the park. Full of fun, residents will often see Andi serv-ing strawberry shortcakes outfitted in the old- fashioned Car-Hop tradition. 
Whereas, in 2012, local hero Sgt. Alejandro 
Jauregui lost both legs below the knees in Af-ghanistan. Andi, an Army Mom, orchestrated his homecoming. With over 200 town folks and veterans cheering and waving flags in the center of town, they honored and welcomed Sgt. Jauregui home. Later, Sgt. Jauregui re-ceived a home from ‘‘Homes for our Troops’’ in Woodland. It was Andi who spearheaded a fundraiser that generated over $10,000 to help pay for handicap accessible home features. 
Whereas, an inspiration to many and ad-
mired by all, Andi goes above and beyond the call of duty to ensure that a call for help is an-swered. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Andrea Armstrong. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO PRO-
VIDE FLEXIBILITY IN EXTEND-ING SOCIAL SECURITY TO LOCAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-
duced a bill that would provide flexibility to the Government of Guam in extending Social Se-curity to local government employees. This bill provides the Government of Guam with the authority to determine employees who would participate in the Social Security program and it would help to address the significant short-falls that many of GovGuam’s employees may face when they retire from government serv-ice. 
The retirement option currently provided to 
GovGuam employees is unsustainable and will leave many without sufficient means to care for themselves when they retire. Guam’s pub-lic auditor has reported that the average gov-ernment employee has about $40,000 in their retirement account and would not have enough money to support basic needs come their retirement age. 
Local leaders have proposed reforming the 
retirement plan offered to GovGuam employ-ees to one that is a hybrid of federal Social Security and local defined benefit plan. I be-lieve that the proposal to extend Social Secu-rity to GovGuam employees, while at the same time revamping the local retirement sys-tem, would be the best course of action mov-ing forward and would provide thousands of GovGuam employees with the resources 
needed to have a comfortable quality of life during their retirement. 
Extending Social Security to GovGuam em-
ployees would be consistent with existing fed-eral authority and it would be similar to an op-tion exercised by the District of Columbia in extending Social Security to Washington, D.C. government employees. However Guam pol-icymakers have expressed several concerns with the current federal law that requires it to extend Social Security to all employees. Spe-cifically, the way the law currently reads, if GovGuam decides to extend Social Security to employees, it must do so for all employees re-gardless of their time of service or ability to benefit from the system when they retire. They are concerned that that if GovGuam exercised this option, thousands of GovGuam employ-ees who already have years of government service, would not be able to contribute enough calendar quarters to qualify for Social Security. In essence, these employees would be forced to pay into the system but would not be able to receive any benefits when they re-tire. 
This would cause a significant financial bur-
den on the employees as well as Guam’s local treasury, and I believe that flexibility should be extended to GovGuam to ensure that employ-ees who pay into the system can benefit from it upon their retirement. The bill that I intro-duced today would solve this problem by leav-ing it to Guam lawmakers to decide how the term ‘‘initially hired’’ is defined. It is my under-standing that the Guam Legislature intends to extend Social Security to employees who would be able to fulfill the Social Security’s re-quirement that beneficiaries must contribute 40 calendar quarters into the system before they are eligible for the program. The Legisla-ture is actively considering several options that on the payment and funding source that will be used to provide for any upfront costs as well as the employer contributions for GovGuam employees. Further, I have coordi-nated the development of this language with the Social Security Administration to ensure that it addresses the appropriate fix in statute that is needed to fully execute the local law should it be enacted. 
I hope that my colleagues will support this 
bill and allow government employees in Guam to contribute into and benefit from Social Se-curity, just as most government employees and all private sector employees throughout the country already do. I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance this legislation. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF ROY 
CURTIS OF BEREA 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
the service of Roy Curtis. He served the city of Berea, Kentucky for thirty-four years as a firefighter. Mr. Curtis rose up through the ranks and eventually became fire chief. He is very well respected among his fellow fire-fighters and among the people of Berea. 
Mr. Curtis recently retired from his position 
as fire chief. He was a caring and compas-sionate leader who will be greatly missed. Mr. 
Curtis reported that the hardest part of the job was seeing people suffer the loss of loved ones, pets, and possessions in fires. 
Mr. Curtis was also an integral part of the 
team of Berea firefighters. His fellow fire-fighters showed much respect for Chief Curtis and his leadership. As firefighter Eric Lawson said, ‘‘He’s just a top-notch guy. You can’t find one better than Roy’’. 
Like all his fellow firefighters, Roy Curtis 
was a brave public servant who went into dan-gerous situations many times to save lives and property. The willingness to sacrifice and to serve the public is part of what makes America great. A grateful nation joins with the citizens of Berea to say thank you to Roy Cur-tis. 
f 
HONORING SANDY HOLMAN 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Sandy Holman a Cul-tural Competency Educator, Mentor, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Sandy Holman was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Sandy Holman is the Director of 
United in Unity and The Culture C.O.-O.P. The ‘C.O.-O.P.’ which stands for Caring, Opti-mistic, Open-minded People was created to help individuals and organizations better meet the needs of diverse communities in a variety of settings. Both organizations focus on pro-moting respect for equitable practices, diver-sity, cultural competency, reading and a qual-ity education for all. 
Whereas, Sandy helped to create Davis’ an-
nual International Festival designed to bring people of all cultures together. She has written and published two beautiful children’s books, ‘Grandpa, Is Everything Black Bad?’ and ‘We All Have a Heritage.’ 
Whereas, known to many as ‘The Purple 
Lady’, Sandy has an unquenchable zest for life that has inspired thousands of Yolo County youth and adults over the past 30 years. 
Whereas, through Sandy’s mentoring pro-
grams and collaborative projects, she is a beacon of light who leaves an indelible imprint on the lives she touches. 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Sandy Holman. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,061,200,913.26. We’ve 
added $7,524,184,152,000.18 to our debt in 6 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.023 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1389 September 29, 2015 
years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-
tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 
MALNUTRITION EPIDEMIC 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize an important, but often unnoticed, epidemic in our country and to voice my sup-port for the fight to end it. Malnutrition nega-tively impacts the lives of millions of Ameri-cans who do not have adequate access to nu-tritious food. While the symptoms can vary from hunger to obesity, one thing has become incredibly clear—malnutrition disproportion-ately affects senior citizens and people of color. All throughout the United States, the problem negatively impacts the livelihood of families and takes a toll on the nation’s healthcare costs. 
One of the contributing factors to malnutri-
tion in the United States is poverty and lack of access to healthy foods. According to the 2014 Census, there are 46.7 million people liv-ing in poverty in our country. The lack of finan-cial resources means that families often have to rely on cheaper foods with artificial ingredi-ents. These foods are frequently high in ca-loric intake and do not possess the necessary nutritious properties to make up a healthy diet. Many health side effects, such as obesity, come as a result of this. 
Just as troubling is the existence of food 
deserts in the nation, which are defined as an area of land where residences have limited access to affordable and nutritious food. Ac-cording to the United States Department of Agriculture, at least one food desert exists in every state in the nation. Millions of Americans often go hungry or rely on unhealthy food sim-ply because they do not have the means to get to a grocery store near their home. This is an unacceptable problem, particularly consid-ering that food deserts are most prevalent in poor, urban localities that are home to many minorities. In order to address the growing malnutrition epidemic in our country, we must encourage investments in our neighborhoods to make sure that everyone has easy access to nutritious foods. 
Additionally, malnutrition impacts the 
healthcare systems in so many of our commu-nities. Recent studies have shown that one in three patients arrive at hospitals malnourished. Patients with malnutrition have been known to be more likely to suffer longer hospital stays, have slower healing, and be at greater risk for re-hospitalizations and complications. Another study found that the economic burden of dis-ease-associated malnutrition in the U.S. to be an estimated $156.7 billion per year—and for those aged 65 and older, it is estimated to be $51.3 billion per year. These numbers make clear that nutritional status deserves more at-tention. 
A critical ingredient often lacking in malnutri-
tion care today is engagement by the broader healthcare establishment. While healthcare providers are beginning to utilize standardized 
malnutrition screening, assessment, and ap-propriate interventions for older adults, more development in these areas are vital to lead-ing healthier lives and saving on healthcare costs. We cannot afford to ignore such low- cost solutions. 
Focus on malnutrition care will help yield 
transformative policies for patient-centered medical care and make a meaningful dif-ference in the lives of our nation’s older adults. September 28 to October 2 has been designated as Malnutrition Awareness Week. Let us use this time as a call to action to in-crease awareness and find solutions that bet-ter support the healthy aging of all citizens across our communities. 
f 
HONORING RAMONA PRIETO 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Ramona Prieto, a Peace Officer, Public Servant, Role Model, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Ramona Prieto was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Assistant Commissioner (Ret.) of 
the California Highway Patrol, Commissioner Prieto has led by example, rising through the ranks to make a visible and lasting impact over her 38-year career of public service. As-signments took her up and down the state from Los Angeles to the Yuba-Sutter area where eventually she became the highest- ranking woman in CHP history as Assistant Chief and Deputy Commissioner. 
Whereas, fresh out of the CHP Academy, 
Prieto was assigned to Central L.A. and made agency history in 1980 when she became the first female motorcycle officer. In 1986, Prieto was assigned to oversee special projects at the academy. In 1990, she was promoted to Sergeant and subsequently to Lieutenant, Captain, Deputy Chief, Assistant Commis-sioner and finally Deputy Commissioner—the post she retired from earlier this year. 
Whereas, Commissioner Prieto’s leadership 
is characterized by a warm, outgoing nature coupled with the highest standards of integrity and professionalism. She has encouraged oth-ers and promoted transparency in agency op-erations. Thanks to her high level of leader-ship, more women have been hired into the CHP including her youngest daughter who has followed in her footsteps and entered into law enforcement. 
Whereas, while Prieto has earned degrees 
in public administration and leadership, her family and husband, Ed are a top priority. She is ever mindful of setting good examples for their daughters to work hard, be goal-oriented and always strive to make things better. 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Ramona Prieto. RECOGNIZING WORLD WAR II 
VETERAN EDWARD (ED) L. TURLO 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize World War II veteran Edward (Ed) L. Turlo, who passed away on September 25, 2015 at the age of 92. 
Ed was born in Chicago, IL on July 13, 
1923. He joined the Army after graduating high school, entering as the highest rank a ci-vilian could join the military. He became a member of the 79th Infantry Division in the Army and was sent to fight on the D-Day inva-sion at Utah Beach in France. After D-Day, he began volunteering for the United National Re-lief and Rehabilitation Agency (UNRRA), which helped displaced citizens find their country representatives. While Ed was sta-tioned in Germany, he met his wife Lydia, whom he married after the war. 
Ed and Lydia returned to the United States 
after getting married, and he started college at Miami University in Florida. He earned his 4- year degree in 2
1⁄2years and was soon hired 
by Western Electric in Chicago, Illinois. While in Chicago, he continued his education at Northwestern University and earned a Master of Business Administration degree. 
His involvement in charitable work through-
out his life had a focus on inner city youth. In Chicago, Ed was involved in the Hawthorne Club, where he frequently took underprivileged children to baseball games and delivered toys and clothes to needy children. He even spent time as a member of the Board of Directors of the Hawthorne Club. 
In 1962, Ed and Lydia moved to Columbus, 
Ohio where they began a family. In Ohio, Ed served as the senior vice commander and on the Honor Guard unit for the VFW Post #2398. He also continued his charitable work by serv-ing at the local food pantry and taking stu-dents from the Ohio School for the Blind to the circus. In 2011, Ed was inducted into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame. 
Ed Turlo served our country bravely in 
World War II and remained committed to serv-ice after the war. Hundreds of youth were positively impacted by his work throughout his lifetime. His commitment to service should serve as an example for us all. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, due to the fact 
that I was unavoidably detained on September 28, 2015, I missed the rollcall vote on House Bill 2835, the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015. Had I been present on rollcall vote No. 519, I would have voted YEA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.027 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1390 September 29, 2015 
RECOGNIZING MALNUTRITION 
AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, this week, Sep-
tember 28, 2015 through October 2nd, has been designated as Malnutrition Awareness Week. 
Malnutrition is a problem for millions of 
Americans nationwide, including in my home state of Ohio, and is often ignored in the deliv-erance of healthcare. 
We should recognize this critical, yet often 
unseen epidemic in our country, and fight to eliminate it. 
Hunger, obesity, and food insecurity all con-
tribute to malnourishment in our country and disproportionately affects senior citizens and low-income families. 
In fact, patients with malnutrition have been 
shown to potentially suffer longer hospital stays, have slower healing times, and be at greater risk for re-hospitalizations and com-plications. 
Focusing on malnutrition care will help yield 
transformative policies for patient-centered medical care and make a meaningful dif-ference in the lives of our nation’s older adults. 
Additionally, systematic malnutrition 
screenings, assessments, and appropriate interventions for older adults are often not ac-cessible, but could be vital to leading healthier 
lives, and result in health care cost savings. 
We cannot afford to ignore such low-cost 
solutions. 
That is why I, along with Congresswoman 
M
ARCIA FUDGE , sent a letter to the Centers for 
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) urging improved incorporation of nutrition into pro-grams and improvement in patient care and outcomes. 
This week, let’s have a call to action to in-
crease awareness and find solutions that bet-ter support the healthy aging of all senior citi-zens and the health of vulnerable families through focusing on eliminating malnutrition in our country. 
Healthy citizens mean a healthy society, 
economy, and future of our country. 
f 
HONORING CHERIE STEPHENS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Cherie Stephens a community volunteer and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Cherie Stephens was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Founder and Chair of the Yuba 
City Walk for Alzheimer’s, Cherie Stephens has helped to raise more than $68,000 since 
its inception in 2013 and is on a personal mis-sion to raise an additional $48,000 by the end of this year. 
Whereas, as President of the Yuba City- 
Marysville Soroptimists, Cherie helped to ex-pand and grow the Girls on the Run program with the goal to unleash confidence in young women while establishing a lifetime apprecia-tion for health and fitness as tomorrow’s lead-ers. Utilizing last Fall’s fundraising dollars, So-roptimists recently completed a beautiful bath-room remodel at the Salvation Army Depot Family Crisis Center, a project intended to in-still a sense of dignity and self-confidence for the women housed there. 
Whereas, Cherie is co-owner of Stephens 
Farmhouse where in addition to baking pies, making jams, and tending to the storefront, she offers an educational program to local stu-dents called ‘Kids in the Kitchen’. Cherie is a California Women in Agriculture Member and past member of several organizations includ-ing the CA State Fair Board, Prune Festival, St. Isidore’s Parent Club, and Farm Day. 
Whereas, despite the rigors of running and 
growing a successful business, Cherie man-ages to balance marriage, family, community service, and philanthropy with exceptionally good humor. She is a living example of what is possible for us all. 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Cherie Stephens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29SE8.032 E29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1026 Tuesday, September 29, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6983–S7009. 
Measures Introduced: Eleven bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 2091–2101.                                      Page S7005 
Measures Passed: 
Airport and Airway Extension Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 3614, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport im-provement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. 
                                                                                            Page S6989 
National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day: Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 217, designating October 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S7007 
House Messages: 
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act— 
Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the 
amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Administration to con-
form to existing Federal law and regulations regard-ing criminal investigator positions, taking action on the following amendment and motion proposed thereto:
                                                Pages S6984–89, S6989–99 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2689, making continuing appropriations for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016.
              Page S6984 
McConnell Amendment No. 2690 (to Amend-
ment No. 2689), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S6984 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the message to ac-company the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, September 30, 2015; that all time during the adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Cochran) 
Amendment No. 2689 (listed above); and that all post-cloture time on the motion to concur be consid-ered expired at 10 a.m., with the time until 10 a.m. equally divided between the two Managers, or their designees.
                                                                       Page S7007 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7004 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S7004–05 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S7005 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7005 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7005–07 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7002–04 
Notices of Hearings/Meetings:                        Page S7007 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7007 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:06 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, September 30, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7009.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
TSA 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine the Transportation Security Administra-tion’s efforts to address inspector general findings, after receiving testimony from Peter V. Neffenger, Administrator, Transportation Security Administra-tion, and John Roth, Inspector General, both of the Department of Homeland Security. 
U.S. CYBERSECURITY POLICY AND 
THREATS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine United States Cybersecurity pol-icy and threats, after receiving testimony from James R. Clapper, Director of National Intelligence; Robert O. Work, Deputy Secretary of Defense; and Admiral Michael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE5.REC D29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1027 September 29, 2015 
Cyber Command, Director, National Security Agen-
cy, and Chief, Central Security Services. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Adewale Adeyemo, of California, and Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, both to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
PIPELINE NETWORK OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine pipeline safety, focusing on oversight of our nation’s pipeline network, after re-ceiving testimony from Christopher A. Hart, Chair-man, National Transportation Safety Board; Susan A. Fleming, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; Michael Bellamy, PII Pipeline Solutions, Cramlington, United King-dom; and Donald F. Santa, The Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, and Terry McCallister, WGL Holdings, on behalf of the American Gas As-sociation of America, both of Washington, D.C. 
PRESIDENT’S AIR AGENDA 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine economy- wide implications of President Obama’s air agenda, after receiving testimony from Janet McCabe, Acting Assistant Administrator, Office of Air and Radiation, Environmental Protection Agency. 
IMPROVING THE ENDANGERED SPECIES 
ACT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife re-ceived a briefing on improving the Endangered Spe-cies Act from Dan Ashe, Director, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior; and Wyoming Governor Matthew H. Mead, and Montana Governor Steve Bullock, both on behalf of the Western Gov-ernors’ Association. 
FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC CHALLENGES 
IN PUERTO RICO 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine financial and economic challenges in Puerto Rico, after receiving testimony from Rep-
resentative Pierluisi; Melba Acosta-Febo, Govern-ment Development Bank for Puerto Rico, and Sergio M. Marxuach, Center for a New Economy, both of San Juan, Puerto Rico; and Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Washington, D.C. 
U.S. ROLE AND STRATEGY IN THE MIDDLE 
EAST: THE HUMANITARIAN CRISIS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, focusing on the humani-tarian crisis, after receiving testimony from Michel Gabaudan, Refugees International, and Nancy Lindborg, United States Institute of Peace, both of Washington, D.C.; and David Miliband, Inter-national Rescue Committee, New York, New York. 
U.S.-CHINA RELATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine the changing landscape of United States-China Relations, after re-ceiving testimony from Christopher K. Johnson, Center for Strategic and International Studies, and Melanie Hart, Center for American Progress, both of Washington, D.C. 
TOXIC CHEMICAL EXPOSURE AND VA 
RESPONSE 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the impact of exposure to toxic chemicals on veterans and the VA’s response, after receiving testimony from David R. McLenachen, Acting Deputy Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Disability Assistance, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration; Kenneth S. Ramos, University of Arizona Health Sciences Center, and National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine Institute of Medicine Committee on Veterans and Agent Orange, Update 2014, Tucson; Commander John B. Wells, USN (Ret.), Military-Veterans Advocacy, Slidell, Louisiana; John Rowan, Vietnam Veterans of Amer-ica, Silver Spring, Maryland; and Jerome M. Ensminger, Elizabethtown, North Carolina. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE5.REC D29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1028 September 29, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3635–3650; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 67–68; H. Con. Res. 79; and H. Res. 447, were introduced.
                                                            Pages H6704–05 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6706–07 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
Conference report on H.R. 1735, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military 
construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–270).
                                                Page H6704 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Palazzo to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6309 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:37 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H6313 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Pastor Kevin Myers, 12 Stone Church, Lawrenceville, GA.
                                 Page H6313 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-
imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on H.R. 3495 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H6335 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:21 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3:45 p.m.                                                    Page H6335 
Women’s Public Health and Safety Act: The 
House passed H.R. 3495, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexi-bility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions, by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 193 noes, Roll No. 524.
                          Pages H6324–37 
Rejected the Sinema motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 184 yeas to 242 nays, Roll No. 523. 
                                                                                    Pages H6334–36 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
H. Rept. 114–269 shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H6324 
H. Res. 444, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 3495) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 522, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 521. 
                                                                                    Pages H6316–24 Senate Messages: Message from the Senate and mes-
sage received from the Senate by the Clerk and sub-sequently presented to the House today appears on pages H6316, H6335. 
Senate Referral: S. 599 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H6316 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6323, H6323–24, H6335–36, and H6336. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:09 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
RESEARCH INNOVATIONS ACHIEVED BY 
OUR NATION’S AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Bio-
technology, Horticulture and Research held a hear-ing to highlight research innovations achieved by our nation’s agricultural colleges and universities. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
OUTSIDE PERSPECTIVES ON THE 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER STRATEGY 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Outside Perspectives on the De-partment of Defense Cyber Strategy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
USAF BOMBER FORCE STRUCTURE— 
CURRENT REQUIREMENTS AND FUTURE VISION 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘USAF Bomber Force Structure—current re-quirements and future vision’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Arnold W. Bunch (USAF), Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, U.S. Air Force; Gen-eral Robin Rand (USAF), Commander, Air Force Global Strike Command; and Randall G. Walden, Director, Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acqui-sition. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing on H.R. 3459, the ‘‘Protecting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE5.REC D29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1029 September 29, 2015 
Local Business Opportunity Act’’. Testimony was 
heard from public witnesses. 
AN OVERDUE CHECKUP: EXAMINING THE 
ACA’S STATE INSURANCE MARKETPLACES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Overdue Checkup: Examining the ACA’s State Insurance Marketplaces’’. Testimony was heard from Patrick Allen, Director, Oregon Department of Con-sumer and Business Services; Louis Gutierrez, Execu-tive Director, Massachusetts Health Connector; Jeff Kissel, Chief Executive Officer, Hawai‘i Health Con-nector; Peter V. Lee, Executive Director, Covered California; Allison O’Toole, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Minnesota Health Insurance Exchange; and James Wadleigh, Chief Executive Officer, Access Health CT. 
THE DISRUPTER SERIES: HOW THE 
SHARING ECONOMY CREATES JOBS, BENEFITS CONSUMERS, AND RAISES POLICY QUESTIONS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Disrupter Series: How the Sharing Economy Creates Jobs, Benefits Consumers, and Raises Policy Questions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
began a markup on H.R. 8, the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3242, the ‘‘Child Nicotine Poisoning Preven-tion Act of 2015’’; and Proposed Matters for Inclu-sion in Reconciliation Recommendations. 
THE SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT OF THE 
BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’. Testi-mony was heard from Richard Cordray, Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
THE IMPACT OF DOMESTIC REGULATORY 
STANDARDS ON THE U.S. INSURANCE MARKET 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Domestic Regulatory Standards on the U.S. Insurance Market’’. Testimony was heard from Michael McRaith, Director, Federal Insurance Office, Department of the Treasury; Tom Sullivan, Senior Advisor, Department of Banking Supervision and Regulation, Federal Reserve Board of Governors; S. 
Roy Woodall, Jr., Independent Member, Financial Stability Oversight Council, Department of the Treasury; and a public witness. 
U.S. COUNTERTERRORISM EFFORTS IN 
SYRIA: A WINNING STRATEGY? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Counterterrorism Efforts in Syria: A Winning Strategy?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on H.R. ll , the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 
2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
HEALTHY COMPETITION? AN 
EXAMINATION OF THE PROPOSED HEALTH INSURANCE MERGERS AND THE CONSEQUENT IMPACT ON COMPETITION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Healthy Competition? An Exam-ination of the Proposed Health Insurance Mergers and the Consequent Impact on Competition’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE POTENTIAL IMPLICATIONS OF 
PENDING MARINE NATIONAL MONUMENT DESIGNATIONS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Potential Implications of Pending Marine Na-tional Monument Designations’’. Testimony was heard from Holly Bamford, Acting Assistant Sec-retary for Conservation and Management, National Ocean Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and public witnesses. 
STATE, LOCAL, AND TRIBAL APPROACHES 
TO FOREST MANAGEMENT: LESSONS FOR BETTER MANAGEMENT OF OUR FEDERAL FORESTS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘State, Local, and Tribal Approaches to Forest Management: Lessons for Better Management of our Federal Forests’’. Tes-timony was heard from Thomas Crafford, Associate Director of State-Federal Relations, Office of Gov-ernor Bill Walker, State of Alaska; Dan Gibbs, County Commissioner, Summit County, Colorado; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE5.REC D29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1030 September 29, 2015 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-
dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 286, the ‘‘Little Shell Tribe of Chip-pewa Indians Restoration Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 872, the ‘‘Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Vir-ginia Federal Recognition Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Kevin Washburn, Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD’S TAXPAYER 
FUNDING 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Planned Parent-hood’s Taxpayer Funding’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRANIAN 
TERRORISM ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee began a hearing 
on H.R. 3457, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act’’. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Poe of Texas and Engel. 
ASTROBIOLOGY AND THE SEARCH FOR 
LIFE BEYOND EARTH IN THE NEXT DECADE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Astrobiology and the Search for Life Beyond Earth in the Next Decade’’. Testimony was heard from Ellen Stofan, Chief Sci-entist, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion; and public witnesses. 
THE BLACKLIST: ARE SMALL BUSINESSES 
GUILTY UNTIL PROVEN INNOCENT? 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce; and Subcommittee on In-vestigations, Oversight and Regulations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Blacklist: Are Small Busi-nesses Guilty Until Proven Innocent?’’. Testimony was heard from Anne Rung, Administrator, Office of Federal Procurement Policy, Office of Management and Budget; Lafe Solomon, Senior Labor Compliance Advisor, Office of the Solicitor, Department of Labor; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a markup on legislative proposals in response to the reconciliation directive included in section 2002 of S. Con. Res. 11. The Reconciliation Legislative Rec-ommendations Relating to Repeal of Certain Excise Taxes Enacted in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act was favorably transmitted to the House Committee on the Budget, as amended. The Reconciliation Legislative Recommendations Relat-
ing to Repeal of Independent Payment Advisory Board was favorably transmitted to the House Com-mittee on the Budget, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub-
committee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities Inves-tor Protection Corporation, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Army Corps of Engi-neers’ participation in the development of the new regu-latory definition of ‘‘Waters of the United States’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold closed hearings 
to examine the economic crisis in Ukraine, 2 p.m., S–116, Capitol. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi-
ness meeting to consider S. 799, to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome, S. 1893, to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use disorders, S. 481, to amend the Controlled Substances Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, and other pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the Department of Education and student achievement, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and 
Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine end of the year spending, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Brian R. Martinotti, and Julien Xa-vier Neals, both to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, and Edward L. Stanton III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nomination of Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE5.REC D29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1031 September 29, 2015 
Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine 
pension advances, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clear-ing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes; and hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Inter-national Food Aid Programs: Stakeholder Perspectives’’, 9:45 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Implementing the Department of Defense Cyber Strategy’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and The Workforce , Full Com-
mittee, markup on Committee Print of legislation regard-ing the Committee’s instruction pursuant to section 2002 (a)(1) of S. Con. Res. 11, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 8, the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3242, the ‘‘Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act of 2015’’; and Pro-posed Matters for Inclusion in Reconciliation Rec-ommendations (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 414, the ‘‘Burdensome Data Collection Relief Act; H.R. 957, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection-Inspector General Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1090, the ‘‘Retail Investor Protection Act’’; H.R. 1266, the ‘‘Financial Product Safety Commission Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2769, the ‘‘Risk-Based Capital Study Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Cyber War: Definitions, Deterrence, and For-eign Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Ridding Central Africa of Joseph Kony: Con-tinuing U.S. Support’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging 
Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The Threat of Islamist Extre-mism in Russia’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Full Committee, mark-
up on H.R. 3102, the ‘‘Airport Access Control Security Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3144, the ‘‘Partners for Aviation Security Act’’; H.R. 3350, the ‘‘Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3361, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitigation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3490, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act’’; H.R. 3493, the ‘‘Securing the Cities Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Sup-port to Fusion Centers Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3505, the 
‘‘Department of Homeland Security Clearance Manage-ment and Administration Act’’; H.R. 3510, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3572, the ‘‘DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3578, the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Effi-ciency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emer-gencies Act’’; H.R. 3584, the ‘‘Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3586, the ‘‘Border and Maritime Coordination Im-provement Act’’; and H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center En-hancement Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2745, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Re-views Through Equal Rules (SMARTER) Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3490, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Respecting State Authority, Responsibilities and Expertise Regarding Resource Management and Energy Development’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Sub-
committee on Transportation and Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘Status of Toll Interoperability’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on con-
ference report to accompany H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; H. Con. Res. 79, directing the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719; and H.R. 3457, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act’’ [rule markup and reporting only], 11 a.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Dyslexia and the Need to READ: H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Ad-vancements for Dyslexia Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative: A Re-view of the Progress and Challenges in Restoring the Great Lakes’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means , Subcommittee on Over-
sight, hearing on the Department of Labor’s proposed fi-duciary rule, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine fi-
nancing higher education, focusing on exploring current challenges and potential alternatives, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE5.REC D29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1032 September 29, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, September 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the message to accompany H.R. 719, TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act, post-cloture. At 10 a.m., Senate will vote on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Cochran) Amend-ment No. 2689. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10:00 a.m., Wednesday, September 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1383, E1388 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1390 Benishek, Dan, Mich., E1380 Bishop, Mike, Mich., E1381 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1388 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1388 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1389 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1382 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E1382 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1386 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1382 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1382 
Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1384 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1379 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1383, E1384, E1385, E1385, 
E1386, E1387, E1387, E1388, E1389, E1390 
Graves, Sam, Mo., E1380, E1381, E1381, E1382, E1383, 
E1384 
Heck, Denny, Wash., E1384, E1386 Hinojosa, Rube ´n, Tex., E1383 
Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E1387 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1379 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1379 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1380, E1380 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1379 
Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1386 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1384, E1387 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1383, E1385 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E1381 Scott, David, Ga., E1380 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1386 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1389 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1389 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1381 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1385 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Sep 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29SE5.REC D29SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST