Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2961 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2015 No. 74 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
OLDING ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
May 14, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G EORGE  
HOLDING to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
LOOKING AT THE BIG PICTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as 
we are dealing with the defense author-ization legislation, we should step back and look at the big picture. Are we taking tough stands dealing with esca-lating personnel costs, procurement issues, excess facilities? Are we hon-oring the responsibility of the military to clean up after itself? One of the best examples is a failure to deal with the rightsizing of our military facilities. It is no secret that our nuclear triad, 
which includes our land-based missiles, nuclear submarines, and bombers, are wildly in excess of anything we need for deterrence. 
The Pentagon’s 2013 report on nu-
clear employment strategy declared that ‘‘we can ensure the security of the United States and our allies and main-tain a strong and credible strategic de-terrence while safely pursuing up to a one-third reduction in deployed nu-clear weapons from the level estab-lished in the New START Treaty.’’ 
Other experts, including a commis-
sion chaired by former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General James Cartwright, suggest we could go even lower without jeopardizing secu-rity. 
Yet we are on a trajectory to spend 
over a trillion dollars in the decades to come on weapons that are largely irrel-evant to the challenges of today: ISIS, 9/11-type attacks, military activities in Iraq and Afghanistan, Russian aggres-sion in the Ukraine. 
We should be addressing what is an 
appropriate level for the nuclear deter-rence. But until we face up to the fact that we ought to at least know what we are getting into, one simple step would have been to tell Congress what the longer term costs are going to be. 
In the last legislation, I had an 
amendment that was successfully ap-proved to require the CBO to publish every 2 years a 10-year cost estimate of our nuclear modernization. It has al-ready proven extremely valuable to provide a set of numbers we can com-pare to the Pentagon’s estimates. Un-fortunately, more and more of these expenses are being pushed outside the 10-year window. 
I had an amendment that would have 
at least required our being able to have a 25-year cost of modernization, an es-timate the Pentagon said they can do and one that we already have for the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion. One other area that was equally puz-
zling was the failure to allow a bipar-tisan, fully offset amendment to up-grade our Air National Guard F–15s. The radar they are using dates to the 1970s. In fact, it went out of production 30 years ago. We had a simple, bipar-tisan, fully offset amendment to allow the Air Guard to at least get 10 planes modernized on an ongoing basis. 
It is frustrating. We are failing to 
tackle the big issues. We are not even given an opportunity to guarantee Con-gress knows what the longer term costs are, and we are shortchanging small in-vestments that would make a big dif-ference for our Air National Guard. 
I hope we are going to have an oppor-
tunity as the legislation moves forward for Congress to do a better job bal-ancing our priorities, meeting the needs of our men and women in uni-form, and protecting our long-term budget. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SMITH 
WILDMAN BROOKHART, III 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to take some time this morning to celebrate the life of a re-markable American, the late Smith Wildman Brookhart, III. 
Mr. Brookhart was born on January 
22, 1935, and passed away last month. He is survived by his wife of 56 years, Gail Anderson Brookhart; three sons and their wives; and 10 grandchildren. One of Smith’s sons, Tom Brookhart, and his wife, Debra Brookhart, are my constituents and good friends in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
Let me talk for a moment about 
Smith Brookhart’s life. After grad-uating from East High School in Du-luth, Minnesota, Smith attended Iowa State College in Ames, Iowa, receiving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.000 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2962 May 14, 2015 
his degree in 1957. He served our coun-
try in uniform as an ensign in the United States Navy. His service in-cluded two Antarctic expeditions. As a Navy pilot myself, I can tell you Ant-arctic expeditions are not something that are friendly; I will just say that. 
Ultimately, Smith moved his family 
to Branson, Missouri, where he became the CEO of Ozark Mountain Bank. He served in that capacity for over three decades. He was very involved in the development of Branson, Missouri. My family and I have had occasion to visit Branson. It is a very family-friendly town where Christians are very wel-come. I know that Smith’s Christian faith was very important to him. 
At age 69, Smith received a heart 
transplant and was given a new lease on life. 
There is a beautiful line I read in 
Smith’s obituary, which I would like to read: 
‘‘Smith would not want to be remem-
bered for the accolades of his efforts, but for a life rich with friendships.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, today, I honor Smith 
Brookhart, a remarkable American, fa-ther, grandfather, community leader, patriot, and servant of Christ. 
I would like to close with Romans 
8:38: 
‘‘For I am convinced that neither 
death nor life, nor angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.’’ 
May God bless Mr. Brookhart. 
f 
LITTLE MOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, later 
today, the House will consider amend-ments to the National Defense Author-ization Act. That is the bill that tells the military what to do with all the money we give them. 
In the committee of jurisdiction over 
the military, the Democrats and Re-publicans whose job it is to examine these issues voted to include two stud-ies of how immigrants are or are not included in military recruitment. 
Republicans are in the majority, so 
on the Republican-led Republican ma-jority committee these two amend-ments won their votes and were added to the bill. The Gallego and Veasey amendments were included. 
But no matter how many times Re-
publican leaders have appeased the hard-liners on the fringes of their right flank—to disastrous consequences, I might add—they have chosen to capitu-late one more time and ruled last night that amendments can be stripped from the bill today, these two reasonable amendments. 
It is another glaring example of why 
the Republicans, from their Presi-dential nominee all the way down to their local government candidates, are in very, very deep trouble when it 
comes to the immigration issue. 
One amendment simply asked the 
Secretary of Defense to study the im-pact of letting immigrants who grew up for years in the United States, who have passed a criminal background check, and who have a legal work per-mit to be in the United States; it asked the Secretary to study whether includ-ing them in military recruitment would help diversify our military. A study. 
The second did not call for any ac-
tion or any study at all. It simply said it is a sense of Congress that the Sec-retary review whether recipients of De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals be allowed to serve in the military. It is kind of telling the top brass: This is what we think you might want to do. That is the program where 700,000 young immigrants came forward, got right with the law, and got a work per-mit after they passed a criminal back-ground check. 
But do you know what the Secretary 
of Defense ‘‘reviewing’’ something is, when it comes to the hard-liners? Do you know what ‘‘studying’’ something related to immigrants who have de-ferred action is to the nativists? Do you know what the contingent of hard-core anti-immigration guys in the Re-publican Conference started shouting? You guessed it? The A word. Amnesty. 
I have the language right here: ‘‘It is the sense of the House of Rep-
resentatives that the Secretary of De-fense should review section 504 of title 10.’’ 
And they yelled: Amnesty, amnesty, 
amnesty. 
Members of Congress from Alabama 
to Iowa to Texas began throwing around the amnesty attack. It is a backdoor amnesty, they said. We shouldn’t ‘‘reward’’ illegal aliens who want to risk their lives to defend their adopted country when we have red- blooded Americans who want to fight and die. 
Breitbart, in one article a couple of 
days ago, used the word ‘‘amnesty’’ 20 times in less than 1,400 words while ticking off the Members of the House of Representatives who might lose elec-tions to more anti-immigrant can-didates if the two studies are allowed to be included in the defense bill. 
This all reminds me of the story of 
the Little Mouse. I used to read it to my grandson, Luisito—the same story you probably read to your kids and grandkids. 
It goes like this. If you give a mouse 
a cookie, he is going to ask you for a glass of milk. And if you give him a glass of milk, he is going to ask for a straw. Anything you give the little mouse is going to lead to a newer and bigger request. That is what it must feel like to Speaker of the House B
OEH-
NERwith his nativist wing of his party. 
If you give them 30,000 more border 
patrol guards, Mr. Speaker, they are going to ask you for more deportation. If you give them a record number of de-portations, they are going to ask the 
Speaker for a vote to more quickly de-port vulnerable children. If you give them the vote for quicker deportation of children, they will demand a vote to deport all DREAMers who have permis-sion to work in the United States le-gally—700,000. And if you give them a vote on deporting DREAMers, they will ask for a hearing on amending the Con-stitution to eliminate birthright citi-zenship. 
That is what the mouse will do. He 
will change the Constitution of the United States. And then at some point they will demand that every single ref-erence to anything related to immi-grants without papers, even a research project, be declared an amnesty and stripped from legislation. 
If you give a mouse a cookie, he is 
going to want some milk, Mr. Speaker. And if you give the restrictionists a vote or hearing on every crazy idea they come up with, you will be rel-egated as a party to being a provincial party with power in the House of Rep-resentatives, and maybe from time to time being able to run the Senate, but you will never win the White House and you will never run the Supreme Court. 
At some point, I respectfully suggest 
you cut off the mouse’s supply of cook-ies. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, today, 
this body will take up the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. It has the noble intention of reducing the risk that the Iranians will develop a nuclear arsenal. Unfortunately, I think passage of this bill will do just the opposite. 
Mr. Speaker, Ben Rhodes, the Presi-
dent’s Deputy National Security Ad-viser, has said that the Iranian nuclear deal is President Obama’s second-term ObamaCare. He meant that as a good thing, but we all know what a disaster that law has been for this country. And in reality, the Iranian nuclear deal, as it is being negotiated by this Presi-dent, is far worse for the American peo-ple and for future generations than that healthcare law could ever be. 
This much-heralded framework 
agreement between the P5+1 and Iran that the President has talked about has never been written down. Everyone 
in this Chamber today knows exactly what the ultimate deal will entail, though. The United States and the international community will release Iran from its crushing sanctions in ex-change for nearly nothing. 
b1015 
Let’s be blunt. Iran will continue on 
the path of getting a nuclear weapon if this agreement is ultimately signed; but, instead of asserting congressional authority and constraining the Presi-dent, the House today is considering a bill that will do just the opposite. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.004 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2963 May 14, 2015 
It will give President Obama a blank 
check to sign a really bad deal with the largest state sponsor of terror in the world. The mullahs will be allowed to enrich uranium and to continue to build their missile program. 
It is unconscionable for Congress to 
grant such sweeping power to Presi-dent Obama, allowing him to lift sanc-tions on Iran, no matter the cost to our national security, the security of Israel, and the entire world. 
Even worse, the House is willing to 
do this today without having even one hearing, one amendment, a grand total of 40 minutes of debate about how we might actually reduce the risk to the world by constraining the President and the agreement he intends to sign. The House is giving this to the Presi-dent without even trying. I can’t be part of that. 
We can’t even use the excuse of tim-
ing. The President says we have until at least June 30 before any deal can be struck. On this immensely important issue, an issue that my colleagues tell me is one of the most important facing our Nation—and I certainly agree with that—we will give too short a shrift and move too quickly without doing all that we can. 
For 35 years, since our Embassy in 
Tehran was taken over for 444 days by the Iranians, they have been killing Americans. They have killed my friends with IEDs in Iraq by the hun-dreds. Today, Shia militias run ramp-ant through that country. They talk of Baghdad as an extension of the caliph-ate. 
Even today, as I walked here, I 
watched on the news as the Iranians were firing on cargo ships off the coast of Yemen. They have tried to kill an Ambassador to the United States in this very town; yet we are about to strike an agreement that will grant them the capacity to build a nuclear weapon. This body is not doing all that it can. 
I urge my fellow Members to oppose 
this bill and work toward a real solu-tion that has the opportunity to keep Iran from getting that nuclear arsenal. 
f 
TPP—GET IT RIGHT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, the Trans- 
Pacific Partnership trade agreement is the biggest trade deal our country has seen since NAFTA. With 12 partici-pating countries, it encompasses 40 percent of the world’s gross domestic product, so we have to get it right. 
Working men and women in our com-
munities are counting on us to get it right, not just fast, and that is why I oppose granting fast-track authority. You can see the impact of fast-tracked trade agreements in communities across the country, in the loss of hun-dreds of thousands of jobs, factory jobs, middle class jobs, and lower wages for hard-working Americans. In fact, the Economic Policy Insti-
tute estimates that since NAFTA, the U.S. has lost more than 700,000 jobs as production has moved to Mexico. The communities I represent in south cen-tral Wisconsin bear the scars of past trade agreements which have not lived up to what the supporters say for fast track. 
Take Janesville, Wisconsin. Parker 
Pen has been in Janesville, Wisconsin, and employed at one time over 1,000 workers. Thanks to bad trade deals, in 2009, the remaining 150 jobs were shipped to Mexico. We are not just talking the last few years. We are talk-ing the last few months. 
In Darlington, Wisconsin, the 
Merkle-Korff Industries plant in Dar-lington, a town of 2,400 people, an-nounced they are closing. Thirty-six family-supporting jobs are leaving that community. If that were proportional in Madison, Wisconsin, that would be like losing 3,600 jobs in a community that size. 
Every time an American job is 
shipped out of the country, it pushes wages down for workers here. 
Now, fast-track authority means 
that the American people, through their elected Representatives, will lose their voice in Congress by limiting the ability of Congress to debate and to amend the trade agreement. 
Due to limited debate, because of the 
fast-track process, each Member would have a little over 2 minutes to debate that trade deal. Members would have no opportunity to offer amendments on an agreement that has 29 chapters, that covers everything from food safe-ty to environmental standards, labor rights, intellectual property, and more. 
It would give Congress’ constitu-
tional authority to the President for 6 years. That means this President, the next President, and potentially, the next President; and all Congress would be left with is a yes-or-no vote. 
Before Congress grants fast-track au-
thority, we need to get the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership right. What does it mean to get it right? Well, one, it means having strong enforcement lan-guage to protect American workers and our environment, which we don’t cur-rently have in the current deal. 
On several occasions, I have reviewed 
the labor and environmental chapters of the law. While, in some instances, the language is marginally better, it still lacks enforcement. 
With the Colombia free trade agree-
ment, we can see exactly what hap-pened. While language has been imple-mented in the law to protect labor rights, there has been absolutely no implementation of that language. In fact, in the 4 years since the Colombia free trade agreement has passed, 105 union organizers have been killed— murdered—in that country. The envi-ronmental chapter, I would argue, is arguably worse and still lacks the same enforcement capacity to protect our country. 
Getting TPP means scrapping the in-
vestor state dispute settlement provi-sions that put corporate interests 
ahead of American sovereignty. 
The ISDS provisions are unique. 
They create a tribunal run by the same corporate trade lawyers who, on Mon-day, represent the multinational cor-porations; on Tuesday, are supposed to be the fair arbitrators of the law; and on Wednesday, are back on the cor-porate payroll. 
These provisions are only for multi-
national corporations and not for American small businesses or labor or environmental violations. 
Getting the Trans-Pacific Partner-
ship right means having other impor-tant provisions included, like currency manipulation, protections against human trafficking, and protections for human rights for LGBT individuals and for single mothers in countries that have implemented sharia law. 
Getting the Trans-Pacific Partner-
ship right means having open and transparent negotiations because there is still too much the American people don’t know about this secretive agree-ment. After all, only about 600 people have been involved in drafting this agreement, largely corporate CEOs, but not you and not me. 
The bottom line is that this will cost 
jobs and wages. Another bad trade deal will cost more American jobs and lower our wages. 
We have seen how free trade agree-
ments like NAFTA, CAFTA, and the U.S-Korea Free Trade Agreement passed using the same fast-track proc-ess have turned out to be a bad deal for American workers. 
We need to get this right, not just 
fast. Congress must say ‘‘no’’ to the fast-track process. 
f 
PRIVATE PROPERTY RIGHTS 
CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
morning to highlight and address, hopefully, an issue that needs to be held in check here in Washington, D.C. 
Mr. Speaker, our office has been con-
tacted numerous times from individ-uals across the Nation about attacks on private property rights by Big Gov-ernment. Big Government continues to increasingly address and impact pri-vate property rights day in and day out. 
We have heard stories of family farm-
ers, people like Neil Vitale in my dis-trict, in western New York, who has been farming his land on the Pennsyl-vania border for years and years and years. Just yesterday, our Governor in the great State of New York banned the development of natural gas by ban-ning hydraulic fracturing across the State of New York. 
How does that impact Mr. Vitale? 
Mr. Vitale was going to use the re-sources of the property rights rep-resented in the natural gas mineral rights to the farm that he has taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.006 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2964 May 14, 2015 
care of for so many years in order to 
take care of the bills for him, his fam-ily, and his family farm, but now, that right has been lost because government action has taken that right away from Mr. Vitale. 
There is Bob Brace in Pennsylvania, 
who was ordered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and the EPA to stop farm-ing 30 acres of his land as they were de-termining it to be a wetland. 
Mr. Brace has been farming that land 
for years. He had to go through court. He went to the U.S. district court, and they said he is okay. He can keep farm-ing the land. 
That wasn’t enough for Big Govern-
ment. They took it up to the court of appeals, and ultimately, the court or-dered that Mr. Brace had to stop farm-ing that 30 acres and pay a $10,000 fine and also hundreds of thousands of dol-lars in order to restore that property to the property that he has been using in his family for generations. When Mr. Brace tried to go to court to seek com-pensation for that right that was taken away, the court said: No, you don’t have a right here. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, that is against my 
fundamental belief in this country of private property rights and freedom. In the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution, it says that the government can act and it can take ac-tion, but it must provide just com-pensation when it impacts people’s pri-vate property. 
That is why here in Washington, 
D.C., I have taken two concrete actions to address this issue, Mr. Speaker. Re-cently, I started the Private Property Rights Caucus with my colleagues in Congress. This is a caucus that has been made up of 14 original members, spanning from Maine to California, to highlight this issue and to say to Big Government, enough is enough. 
I choose to stand with the individuals 
and the fundamental property rights that they have paid for, they have earned, that they take care of in main-taining their property, paying taxes on their property, and living the Amer-ican Dream. 
I also introduced the Defense of Prop-
erty Rights Act. The Defense of Prop-erty Rights Act is based on just a sim-ple reading of the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution. It says just that, if you take action as Big Government has done, Big Government will have to take into consideration the impact on private property rights. 
If private property rights are taken, 
we clarify the ability of individuals to go and follow the Constitution and at least get compensation from the gov-ernment for taking those private prop-erty rights away from these individ-uals. 
Mr. Speaker, these are commonsense, 
simple principles that I think my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle can join with me and say that is only fair because, if you really care about our fellow Americans, when their property rights are taken away because of Big 
Government action, we should at least say to them: we will stand with you as individuals and as Americans who be-lieve in the fundamental principles of freedom and of private property rights, and we will at least get you some sort of compensation for the injury that you have suffered. 
As a result of that, I urge my col-
leagues to join the caucus, support the Defense of Property Rights Act, and join me in highlighting this issue so that we can say enough is enough. 
It is time to stand with our individ-
uals, the constituents that we rep-resent here in Washington, D.C., rather than the interests of Big Government and Big Government on all levels, Fed-eral, State, and local. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FRANK E. LEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Frank E. Lee who, after 35 years as the familiar afternoon personality at WXRT, Frank welcomed his much-deserved retirement last week. 
As the afternoon voice of WXRT, he 
is a Chicago institution unto himself. Frank’s boss, Norm Winer, put it best when he said: ‘‘Frank’s wide-ranging love and knowledge of music, his re-markable verbal skills, his wry and sardonic sense of humor, impressive sense of professionalism, and generous nature have distinguished him among Chicago’s all-time great air personal-ities.’’ 
I invite my colleagues to join me in 
honoring Frank E. Lee for his career as one of Chicago’s finest radio personal-ities and most recognizable voices. We thank him for his years of service on the air. 
I was there in the studio as he closed 
off his career with the Stones’ classic, ‘‘Moonlight Mile.’’ We tried to capture the essence of how Chicagoans felt when he left. All I can say is I got si-lence on my radio. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE MAHAFFEY THE-ATER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize an institution that, for 50 years, has been the cultural heart of the city of St. Petersburg, Florida. 
This month, in May, the Mahaffey 
Theater celebrates its 50th anniver-sary. Opening in 1965, the venue was originally called the Bayfront Center Complex, a combination arena and the-ater along the city’s most beautiful downtown waterfront. 
It quickly proved to be a gathering 
place for community and civic groups, and its many shows drew tourists from around the State. The artists that have performed at the Mahaffey could easily 
fill an entertainment hall of fame, from Louis Armstrong to Dionne War-wick to Liza Minelli to Johnny Mathis, Kenny Rogers, and even ‘‘The Presi-dent’s Own’’ United States Marine Band, an event that was secured by the invitation of my predecessor, Congress-man Bill Young. 
The first significant makeover for 
the venue occurred in 1987, and the Bayfront Theater became the Mahaffey Theater after a generous gift from St. Petersburg’s Mahaffey family. In 2011, Big3 Entertainment took over the management of the Mahaffey, with CEO and chairman Bill Edwards pri-vately funding a number of major en-hancements. 
Today, the Mahaffey is home to the 
Florida Orchestra, and it is the annual host site for the Miss Florida Pageant. 
The Mahaffey also supports, very im-
portantly, the highly successful Class Acts program, which enables school children to experience the performing arts through in-theater performances, as well as in-school outreach and ex-tension programs. 
b1030 
The theater also has been the site of 
very important moments of American history. The theater was the site of the 1996 Vice Presidential debate between Al Gore and Jack Kemp. And in 2007, the Mahaffey hosted the nationally televised Republican Presidential pri-mary debate, known as the very first YouTube debate, having Americans, for the very first time, submit questions via YouTube video clips. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in recognizing the Mahaffey Theater, celebrating a venue that today anchors a growing and thriving Pinellas County arts community and serves as a stage that celebrates the arts but, most importantly, celebrates the remarkable human spirit, the cre-ativity of so many performers, and the dedication and commitment of the greater St. Petersburg community. 
f 
FREE AMERICAN POLITICAL 
PRISONERS IN IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I come to 
the floor of the House of Representa-tives again to introduce and talk to this body and to the American people about my constituent, Amir Hekmati. Amir is an American. He is a United States marine. He is a brother. He is a son. He is a Michigander. He grew up in my hometown of Flint, Michigan. He served this country in uniform, as I said, in the United States Marine Corps. He is of Iranian descent, though he was born in the United States. 
In 2011, for the first time, he traveled 
to Iran to visit family he had never met, a grandmother he had never seen. He traveled under his own name, noti-fied the Iranian Government that he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.008 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2965 May 14, 2015 
was going to be there; and after just a 
couple of weeks, he was apprehended, disappeared. His family didn’t know where he was for months until it was 
revealed that he had been tried, con-victed, and sentenced to death for espi-onage, a charge that he is completely innocent of. In fact, the Iranian court of appeals, the appeals process, even set aside that conviction and set aside his death sentence. There was no evi-dence. 
They did convict him and sentence 
him to 10 years, a conviction that is based on the fact that, under Iranian law, he is considered an Iranian citizen even though he was born in the United States and never had even been there before. But the fact that he had served in the Marine Corps created a set of facts that caused them to convict him of a crime and sentence him to 10 years. 
It has been 3
1⁄2years. For 1,354 days, 
Amir Hekmati has sat in Evin prison, a notorious prison in Tehran. 
I have introduced, along with a num-
ber of other Members, a resolution calling for the immediate release of the Americans that Iran holds. It has 28 Republican cosponsors, 27 Democrats, and we are adding them every day. 
This is not even a bipartisan issue; 
this is a nonpartisan question. It is be-yond politics. This is about the rights of a free man being held in Iran. So I am asking my colleagues and the American people to get engaged, to call upon Iran to do what is right and re-lease the Americans that they hold. And it is really important that this Congress speak with one voice and carry the voices of all the people that we represent, asking, telling Iran that if they think they can join the global community and continue to hold inno-cent Americans as political prisoners, they are wrong. 
So, please, for those who want to, use 
the hashtag #freeamirnow to send a message to thank those Members, as I will, to thank those Members of Con-gress who have joined this resolution. I will be sending out on Twitter a thank- you to each Member who has done so, using #freeamirnow. I hope other Mem-bers of Congress and those across the country will join us. 
Later today we will consider legisla-
tion that will define how Congress will review and offer its input on the poten-tial Iran nuclear deal. It is really im-portant that we negotiate with those who make this world more dangerous first before attempting other methods, and it is important that we give this negotiation a chance. But it is also very clear that it will be very difficult for this Congress and the American people to consider any understanding, any agreement, with Iran without con-sidering their other behavior, whether it is this nuclear agreement or other engagement with this country. If they continue to hold Americans as political prisoners, it is impossible for us to ig-nore that fact. 
It is very clear that we should never 
trade the freedom of innocent Ameri-cans for concessions at the negotiating 
table with Iran over their nuclear capa-bilities. Again, we should not make their freedom a part of this deal. They, meaning the American families who are worrying about their loved ones, don’t want this; and I know that Amir Hekmati, himself, does not want to be part of the consideration, does not want to be traded for concessions at the nuclear negotiating table. 
The onus is on Iran to do what is 
right, and it is critical that this body and all the people that we represent speak with a single voice and make it clear, as the Senate did in their resolu-tion calling upon Iran to release these Americans. It is important that the people’s body speak for the people of the United States and tell Iran loud and clear that you cannot hold Ameri-cans as political prisoners and be ac-cepted into the international commu-nity. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as 
the latest round of the P5+1 Iranian nu-clear talks resume this week in Vi-enna, it is important for us to high-light just how weak and dangerous this deal is. 
From the moment that President 
Obama took office, he has sought the legacy of having achieved a nuclear agreement with Iran, regardless of the cost to our national security. In his first inaugural address, he promised to unclench his fist to dictators and fol-lowed that up in Cairo, telling the Ira-nian regime that he was willing to move forward ‘‘without preconditions on the basis of mutual respect.’’ 
Mutual respect, Mr. Speaker? This 
regime has targeted and killed Ameri-cans since the Iranian revolution in 1979. This regime was responsible for killing and wounding thousands of our U.S. troops in Iraq. This murderous re-gime is destabilizing the region and mocking the U.S. by blowing up a mock U.S. aircraft carrier and chant-ing, continually, ‘‘death to America.’’ 
Now the President is giving Iran not 
only access to billions of dollars, but also international legitimacy. Coun-tries and businesses no longer fear doing business with Iran, even though the sanctions are still in place. They no longer fear looking like inter-national pariahs, helping one of the world’s worst human rights abusers and the world’s largest supporter of global terror because President Obama has telegraphed to the world that he trusts the Iranian regime, giving it the legitimacy that it would have never gotten without this nuclear deal. 
So what do we see now? Well, Russia 
announced that it will resume sales of its surface-to-air missiles to Iran be-fore the ink could even dry on the framework agreement, and Putin has said that Russia will trade assets like 
grain and construction equipment in exchange for Iranian oil. Iran has also announced that China is going to help it build five additional nuclear power plants. 
According to reports, China and Rus-
sia have stated that they will not sup-port snapback sanctions. Now, snap-back sanctions are the cornerstone of the deal that the administration has praised as a victory. And U.S. oil ex-ecutives have reportedly begun talks with Iranian officials in preparation for the opening of Iran’s economy—in Iran, no less. 
Now we hear reports that the Czechs 
stopped a potentially illegal nuclear technology purchase by the Iranians earlier this year. So I asked the admin-istration: Did the administration know, and did the P5+1 know about this violation? Did they choose to ig-nore it in order to forge this frame-work agreement anyway? All of this in exchange for a deal that allows Iran to continue to enrich uranium and to keep every key element of its nuclear infrastructure intact. 
The Iranians are winning concession 
after concession, giving up nothing but a few cosmetic and easily reversible changes. Since taking office, President Obama has capitulated to Iranian de-mands to cement his legacy of the President who normalized relations with Iran. 
We won’t even be able to adequately 
verify this nuclear agreement, despite what the President promises, because he knows that access to Iranian sites rests with the Iranian regime. Access to military sites—where they would more than likely hide some of their nu-clear infrastructure—isn’t in the deal either. It is foolhardy and dangerous to believe that Iran will give immediate and unobstructed access anytime, any-where, to all of its sites. 
We are not even forcing the regime to 
come clean on the possible military di-mensions of its nuclear program, nor are we addressing its ballistic missile program, its support for terror, and its expansionist agenda throughout the Middle East. All we are doing is legiti-mizing one of the world’s worst and most dangerous regimes at the expense of regional and U.S. national security. 
Iran will use this influx of money to 
continue spreading terror and foment-
ing instability and sectarian conflict across the globe. We have seen it in Yemen. We have seen it elsewhere. 
Mr. Speaker, the Middle East is on 
the brink of collapsing, yet the Presi-dent continues on this dangerous quest for his Iran nuclear deal legacy. He has ignored the reality on the ground for political considerations and, in doing so, is putting our national security in jeopardy and that of our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.009 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2966 May 14, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, re-
cently I visited the Newberg-Dundee bypass, a highway construction project in my district that will divert traffic around two small communities that are thriving but choked with conges-tion. Once completed, local residents and visitors will no longer be stuck in traffic, especially on the weekends. The many wineries and farms and other small businesses in the county won’t have to wait hours to get their customers in and their products out of the region. New businesses will see op-portunity in relocating to the area, rather than obstacles to commerce. 
For this growing county, a com-
prehensive transportation network is critical to its success. This isn’t just true for my district; it is true across the country. Our roads, trains, buses, bridges, and ports are at the center of our economy. They are the way people get to work and businesses get their goods to market. 
But unfortunately, funding for our 
transportation system continues to shrink. Spending on our infrastructure is now at its smallest share of GDP in the last 22 years. 
In my State, in a 2014 report, the Or-
egon Department of Transportation es-timates that the current 20-year fore-cast budget for the State highway sys-tem is insufficient to preserve and maintain pavement and bridges in their current condition. The report finds that not only will our roads dete-riorate, but an increasing number of bridges will close to heavy trucks, forc-ing lengthy detours that will cost busi-nesses time and money. 
Poor-quality roads lead to greater 
maintenance costs, congested arteries, and traffic that delays the delivery of products; and, of course, the failure to update our trains and bridges threatens public safety. I implore this body, let us take action before another tragic accident. 
The short-term extensions of the 
highway trust fund have left contrac-tors and workers with uncertainty as they delay or even scrap construction plans. This costs us jobs and defers un-necessary maintenance and new con-struction while increasing expenses. 
Recently, Ed Wytkind, president of 
the AFL–CIO Transportation Trades Department, said: ‘‘Years of congres-sional inaction on a long-term surface transportation bill has harmed our economy.’’ Congress needs to ‘‘get to work on a robust long-term bill that expands investments and job creation and is paid for with a sustainable rev-enue stream.’’ I couldn’t agree more. 
The Newberg-Dundee bypass was dec-
ades in the making. It is a partnership with local, State, tribal, and Federal support, and, quite simply, it wouldn’t be under construction without pre-viously approved funding. The Oregon Department of Transportation couldn’t 
make a commitment without a com-mitment from the Federal Government as well. 
When I visited the construction site 
last week, it was clear that this project is putting people to work: contractors, 
construction workers, people down the supply chain, and many others. 
b1045 
Now with just a few days until the 
current transportation bill expires, I call on my colleagues to take up a ro-bust, multimodal, long-term transpor-tation bill. Funding transportation provides our communities with an eco-nomic boost now and reinforces our in-frastructure in a way that will sustain and strengthen our economy years from now. 
Mr. Speaker, there have been many 
discussions in this Chamber about global competitiveness and the U.S. role in the world. World class infra-structure is critical to securing and maintaining this role. We need to act. We need to act now. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to express my support for the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act. While I wish it were stronger, it does force the administration to bring it before this body to review any deal. Last week, I traveled to Israel on a weeklong mis-sion to strengthen the U.S.-Israel rela-tionship and convey the message that we stand with our Israeli partners on the security challenges that are in front of us. 
The threat posed by Iran’s pursuit of 
a nuclear weapon was at the forefront of literally everyone’s mind. The Israeli leaders that I met with, individ-uals across the political spectrum, all reiterated what I have said all along: concern about the direction of the P5+1 nuclear talks with Iran is not—I re-peat, is not—a partisan issue. In fact, there was multipartisan support and appreciation in Israel for Prime Min-ister Netanyahu’s outspoken opposi-tion to a bad deal. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not just an 
American and an Israeli issue. A nu-clear Iran threatens the Middle East, and, I would argue, the entire world. 
Our allies in the Gulf Cooperation 
Council are also skeptical of the deal taking shape. The leaders of Saudi Ara-bia, Bahrain, Oman, and the United Arab Emirates have made their dis-pleasure known by choosing to skip the President’s Camp David summit this week. 
Saudi Arabia, already fighting a 
proxy war with Iran in Yemen, will not sit idly by if we agree to a deal that le-gitimizes Iran as a nuclear threshold state. The last thing anyone in the P5+1 wants is a nuclear arms race fur-ther destabilizing the Middle East and, I believe, increasing the chance of a nuclear war. 
Mr. Speaker, I implore my colleagues 
to vote in favor of this important legis-lation today to ensure that the Amer-ican people have a say in any final 
agreement with Iran. 
The legislation today guarantees 
that Congress will have an up-or-down vote on the future of any deal. It is that vote—the one which will occur after a deal is reached—that will be the pivotal moment in our efforts to stop Iran’s nuclear program. That will be the vote that decides whether Iran has an internationally accepted and legiti-mized path to a bomb or whether we will hold the administration account-able to its assertion that no deal is bet-ter than a bad deal. 
Looking ahead to that vote, we must 
withstand the pressure and unequivo-cally reject any deal that leaves intact Iran’s nuclear infrastructure; cements Iran’s position as a nuclear threshold state; unwinds the sanctions architec-ture, giving Iran an infusion of lit-erally billions of dollars that it will use to finance terror against Israel and around the globe; and legitimizes a sure-to-fail inspection regime that falls short of ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ inspec-tions. Mr. Speaker, we must not be fooled into false choices, and Iran must not be left with any path to a nuclear weapon. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to high-
light something very concerning re-lated to Syria which, I believe, has sig-nificant implications for any Iran agreement. Recent reports indicate a clear violation of the deal that this ad-ministration struck with Bashar al- Assad 2 years ago to remove chemical weapons from Syria. Unfortunately, these serious violations are not receiv-ing the attention and scrutiny they de-serve. According to reports, an inter-national monitoring body found traces of chemical weapons in Syria and re-ported this breach to the administra-tion earlier this year. 
Former U.S. Ambassador to Syria 
Robert Ford is quoted as saying: ‘‘The Syrian revelations shouldn’t be a sur-prise given the regime’s track record. It is a violation of the deal we struck with the Russians, and it is a violation of the deal the Syrian regime struck with the U.N.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot let history 
repeat itself with a bad deal with Iran. This deal, if done incorrectly, has far- reaching implications not just for the United States, Israel, and our allies, but for the world and future genera-tions. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of the legislation coming before this body today so that we can give the American people an opportunity to re-view what the deal is and have an op-portunity to vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ based upon what is in this agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, let me be clear. I strongly sup-
port the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and encourage my colleagues to join me in voting yes later today. 
I am extremely skeptical of the framework 
agreement released in April because, as writ-
ten, I believe it will legitimize Iran’s status as a nuclear threshold state. This is unaccept-able, and we should not support any deal that permits this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.010 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2967 May 14, 2015 
The American people deserve a voice on 
this critical matter of national security, and Congress must have the opportunity to take an up-or-down vote on any final deal. 
f 
THE BILLY FRANK, JR., TELL 
YOUR STORY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, we hear a lot about rap sheets these days. We hear of a lot of young people defined simply by their brushes with the law. But for this man, Billy Frank, Jr., his story was so much more than the crimes for which he was arrested— not convicted I might add. His rap sheet, Martin Luther King’s rap sheet, Rosa Park’s rap sheet, and Congress-man J
OHNLEWIS’ rap sheet are just a 
piece of a larger narrative about the struggle for social justice. 
Billy Frank, Jr., was the Pacific 
Northwest’s foremost advocate for res-toration of Native American fishing treaty rights, a dream he lived and saw realized. He cherished clean water and salmon, and he was a key voice in the recovery of the Puget Sound, the larg-est estuary in the United States of America. Billy was also a proud pa-triot. He served in the United States Marine Corps where, ironically, he was a member of the military police. 
Billy passed away a year ago May 5. 
But he really isn’t gone. His story is here in the Halls of Congress, in which he was so often seen and which he roamed on behalf of his beloved causes, including protecting the Puget Sound, our fisheries, and the cause of clean water. 
His story is in the Nisqually National 
Wildlife Refuge, which we now protect to give our wildlife a clean and sustain-able place to live and which was made possible by a great former Member of the House of Representatives, Norm Dicks. Billy was born, raised, and grew up at Frank’s Landing, which was lit-erally just a hop, skip, and a jump from the wildlife refuge and is where his family lived for perhaps thousands of years. He fished in the Nisqually River, which snakes through the Nisqually Wildlife Refuge, and that is the loca-tion of where he was arrested more than a dozen times—well, okay, it was actually 59 times. 
The bill I introduced this week, H.R. 
2270, will rename that refuge after Billy Frank, Jr., and it will also make the place of the signing of the Treaty of Medicine Creek a National Historic Site. It will make sure that the story of that site is told, especially by the descendants of those who lived that history. Those tribes will be involved in the development and the under-standing behind that site and what it means to them now and before. 
Mr. Speaker, Billy was often asked, 
How do you do this? How do you effec-tively advocate on behalf of clean water and salmon—as he did—over so many decades? Billy always had the same answer. He would say, ‘‘Tell your 
story. Tell your story.’’ 
So when people go to the Billy 
Frank, Jr., Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, they will be able to see why— why—he held fish-ins. They will see why he risked arrest so many times. They will see why he ultimately worked with others to help protect his home and the home of the fish. They will see why he did all these things. 
Like many young people today, he 
fought for what he believed in, and later in his life he worked with law-makers to build consensus. In fact, he was a master consensus builder. How do I know this? Well, he was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He actually won the extremely prestigious Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism award, and he has had not one but two books written about him. 
So my hope is that when people drive 
by the sign that directs them to the refuge, maybe they will feel a little bit of that Billy Frank, Jr., magic. Maybe they will wonder who he was, what he did, and find out about his story. For those of us who knew him, it will be a great reminder of a hero. In fact, I would count Billy Frank, Jr., a man I knew many decades and loved, more than a hero. He was truly a great man. He was the Pacific Northwest equiva-lent of Nelson Mandela or Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. or Desmond Tutu. 
That is how great a man he was. Here 
is what Billy said: ‘‘I don’t believe in magic. I believe in the Sun and the stars, the water, the tides, the floods, the owls, the hawks flying, the river running, the wind talking. They are measurements. They tell us how healthy things are because we and they are the same. That is what I believe in. Those who learn to listen to the world that sustains them can hear the mes-sage brought forth by the salmon.’’ 
Billy Frank, Jr., and his stories have 
to be told, and that is why I invite my colleagues today to join in cosponsor-ship of H.R. 2270. Join me and all the members of the Washington State House delegation, and Mr. C
OLE and 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , the co-chairs of the Na-
tive American Caucus, in cosponsoring the Billy Frank, Jr., Tell Your Story Act. 
f 
MAY IS ASIAN PACIFIC AMERICAN 
HERITAGE MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, the month of May is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. I am proud to say that we have many visitors—in fact, hundreds of visitors—who are here at the Capitol, many celebrating this month with us. Among those who are visiting are some of my friends and some of my colleagues, and some per-sons who are from other places than my congressional district, but they are still friends of mine. 
Among them is Dawn Lin. She 
worked in our congressional office for sometime, and she is a visitor here 
today. She is the mother of the Confu-cius resolution that I brought before Congress and passed. 
Another is the father of the Inter-
national District in Houston, Texas, Mr. Wei Le. He is a dear friend, and I am honored that he is here today. 
Another is Kenneth Li, known as the 
mayor of Chinatown in Houston, Texas, affectionately so. 
We also have Chris Kang, Casey 
Kang, Dionne Cuello, Vickie Silvano, Ray Huang, and Lily Lee, all friends and visiting today. 
I am honored today, Mr. Speaker, to 
say a few words about Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, because the truth is America the beautiful is a more beautiful America because of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
One such beautiful American was 
Wong Kim Ark. Wong Kim Ark was born in the United States, and in 1894, he decided that he would travel to China. Upon returning from China in 1895, he was denied entrance into the United States. 
Wong Kim Ark was denied entrance 
into the United States because of the Chinese Exclusion Act. This act was 
one that was passed to prevent Chinese Americans from having ingress and egress into this country if you were not a citizen, of course. 
The 14th Amendment to the Con-
stitution became the subject of his re-entry into the country because when they declared him ineligible to return to the country, it was because they were saying he was not a citizen, not-withstanding the fact that he was born in California. But if you read closely the 14th Amendment to the Constitu-tion, you will find that it reads: ‘‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the juris-diction thereof’’—that is some key lan-guage, ‘‘and subject to the jurisdiction thereof’’—‘‘are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.’’ 
There were some persons who 
thought that the term ‘‘and subject to the jurisdiction thereof’’ meant that since their parents were the subjects of the Emperor of China, he could not be a citizen of the United States of Amer-ica. This case went all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States of America, and it was all because of the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882. 
The Supreme Court did the judicious 
thing. They ruled in his favor that he was a citizen of the United States of America. While that might seem such a small thing today, it is really a signifi-cant piece of world history in terms of how persons born in this country be-come citizens, because had they ruled otherwise, there are a good many peo-ple who could be born in this country but not be citizens of the United States of America. He was the test case that went before the Supreme Court. 
b1100 
While many persons conclude that 
the 14th Amendment has its roots in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.002 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2968 May 14, 2015 
those who were freed from slavery in 
the United States of America to accord them citizenship—and I concur with this, by the way—but I also would add this: while it was given birth to be-cause of the freed slaves, it was given clarity because of Mr. Ark who was de-nied citizenship for a brief moment, but finally, the Supreme Court ruled that Wong Kim Ark was a citizen of the United States of America. 
As I close today, Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to simply say there are many contributions that Asian Amer-ican and Pacific Islanders have made to this great Nation to make America a more beautiful America. 
I think we should not limit our 
thoughts to things such as dance, which is wonderful; the great food, which is great; to the beautiful cloth-ing, which is a great thing as well. I think we have to go beyond these things and remember the trans-continental railroad that was con-structed by the labor of tens of thou-sands of persons of Chinese ancestry. 
I think we have to go beyond this 
country if we are going to take a global look at the great history. I think, Mr. Speaker, that America the beautiful is a more beautiful America because they are here. 
f 
BANK ON STUDENTS EMERGENCY 
LOAN REFINANCING ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, yes-
terday, May 13, was a significant day for 15 million college students who are entering next year’s academic year be-cause it is the day that the U.S. De-partment of Treasury, based on their auction of 10-year notes, sets the inter-est rates for the Stafford student loan program for all those students who will be borrowing for next year. 
The good news is that, based on yes-
terday’s auction, where 10-year notes sold for 2.29 percent, the interest rates for next year’s Stafford student loan program will be 4.29 percent, which is actually lower than last year’s Stafford student loan interest rates. It is a sav-ings of about a third of a percent—not a huge amount, but certainly headed in the right direction. 
This is because in 2013, we passed the 
Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act which prevented a doubling of interest rates for the Stafford student loan pro-gram. It was slated to go to 6.8 percent and, tying it to the interest charged by the Department of Treasury, mod-erated those costs for, again, 15 million college students all across the country who used the Stafford student loan pro-gram. 
That news event yesterday, though, 
begs the larger question, which is: What about all those people who are carrying high interest rate student loans who have already graduated over the last 10 years or so? The Federal Reserve Board tells us 
that over $1 trillion of student loan debt overhangs the U.S. economy today, more than car loan debt and more than credit card loan debt. 
The trap that many of those people 
find themselves in is that they cannot refinance that debt because it is noncollateralized loans and that those who hold it in the public sector, in the Stafford student loan sector, again, cannot, by law, refinance down and take advantage of these low interest rates that the Federal Government is benefiting from because of monetary trends in markets that exist today. 
Well, the good news is that there is a 
measure before the Congress, the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refi-nancing Act, H.R. 1434, which would allow people both with private student loan debt and public student loan debt to refinance those loans down to 3 per-cent, taking advantage, again, of the fact that we have a very beneficial en-vironment right now in terms of gov-ernment borrowing. 
Today, the Federal Government actu-
ally makes money off those graduates who are paying 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent interest on their loans, which is unconscionable given the fact that that debt is causing great damage to those individuals in terms of starting their lives. 
The Pew Research Center actually 
issued a report last year where it talked about the fact that 40 to 50 per-cent of people in their twenties and early thirties are delaying marriage, they are delaying starting a family, and they are basically denied the ac-cess to get a starter home or a real es-tate mortgage because their debt to in-come ratios are thrown completely off kilter due to the fact that they are car-rying such high rates of student loan debt. 
The Congressional Budget Office tells 
us that H.R. 1434 would basically result in half of that trillion dollars of debt being written down, putting millions of dollars of money into people’s pockets that they can spend on things in terms of getting their lives started. 
Again, it is important to note this is 
not a giveaway by the government; these folks are paying back the loans that they were able to acquire from the Stafford student loan program, but it allows them to moderate their interest rate to comport with what is out there for a 30-year loan for a house or for credit cards or for car loans which, again, are lower than what student loan debt is today. 
H.R. 1434 has 128 cosponsors in the 
House. Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to take up this emergency loan refi-nancing act to provide critical help for individuals who are getting killed out there with monthly payments and, again, inhibiting them to start their lives and do the steps in life that peo-ple in their twenties and thirties have done in generations before. 
Sadly, we saw a budget resolution 
pass a couple weeks ago—the House Re-publican budget resolution—that not 
only failed to take advantage of the fact that the government is able to borrow at historic low rates, but, in fact, compounds the problem because it is going to allow the Federal Govern-ment to charge interest while students who are carrying Stafford student loans in school are going to have inter-est charged while they are in school. 
Traditionally, the Stafford student 
loan program has provided one good benefit, which is they don’t charge in-terest while a young person is in their freshman, sophomore, or junior year. The Republican budget actually changed that rule so that interest is going to accumulate while students are in college, adding to their debt burden at the time that they graduate. 
We need to address this problem; pass 
H.R. 1434. Let’s take advantage of these low interest rates. Let’s help millions of Americans get a better start on life. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving and gracious God, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
Help us this day to draw closer to 
You so that, with Your spirit and aware of Your presence among us, we may all face the tasks of this day. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House. Help them to think clearly, speak confidently, and act coura-geously in the belief that all noble service is based upon patience, truth, and love. 
In the wake of the train derailment 
earlier this week, Americans are re-minded of the needs of our domestic in-frastructure. May all citizens feel em-powered to encourage their Represent-atives to use their best judgment in considering how to address the many needs of our Nation. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.013 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2969 May 14, 2015 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. HIGGINS led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
WE MUST PASS THE NATIONAL 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, today, the House of Rep-resentatives will consider the National Defense Authorization Act. Under the leadership of Armed Services Com-mittee Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY , 
the committee voted favorably, 60–2, with almost unanimous bipartisan sup-port. Our national security depends on it. 
While our Nation faces a complex and 
threatening environment at home and abroad, this year, the NDAA provides necessary resources to establish a strong national defense, protect Amer-ican families, and support our brave servicemembers. 
As chairman of the Subcommittee on 
Emerging Threats and Capabilities, working with Ranking Member J
IM 
LANGEVIN , I am especially pleased this 
bill addresses the growing threats posed by cyber attacks and our en-emies’ use of advanced technologies and unconventional warfare. 
This bill also preserves means to 
train and equip special operations and cyber forces to defend America now and in the future. The NDAA has al-ways been widely supported. It should not be held hostage to other legisla-tion. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Our sympathy to the family of Mid-
shipman Justin Zemser. 
f 
IT IS TIME TO INVEST IN OUR 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, every 
year, our economy loses $33 billion to air traffic delays, $121 billion to high-way congestion, and $200 billion to freight bottlenecks. Unless we increase spending on waterways, America will lose $270 billion in exports over the next 5 years. According to the Chamber of Com-
merce, our declining infrastructure costs $1 trillion a year in lost economic growth. Ignoring these facts is eco-nomically irrational and govern-mentally negligent, but that is exactly what Congress has done. 
We just spent $50 billion on our roads 
and bridges and transit, and only 8 per-cent, or $46 billion, in 2009 economic stimulus went to infrastructure; yet we spent over $150 billion rebuilding the infrastructure of Iraq and Afghanistan. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers has identified an enormous def-icit between the projected spending and what is needed to bring our infrastruc-ture to a state of good repair. 
Today, I introduced the Nation 
Building Here at Home Act to close this gap. It is time for Congress to make the investments we need and re-
ject the pathetically weak policies that we can no longer afford. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
(Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in recognition of Na-tional Police Week and to honor the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. All Americans are grateful for these brave men and women and the ul-timate sacrifice they made. 
During my time as deputy mayor of 
Indianapolis and U.S. attorney, I wit-nessed firsthand the burdens and chal-lenges faced by our law enforcement of-ficers and their amazing families. Even more importantly, I witnessed men and women in blue who have overcome these challenges while displaying so much compassion and commitment to duty. Our Nation must embrace them and be forever mindful of their integ-rity and service. 
Sadly, we have learned it is esti-
mated that, every 3
1⁄2days in this 
country, we lose an officer in the line of duty. This week, we will remember 117 officers killed in 2014, including four officers from Indiana: Jeffrey Westerfield of Gary, Perry Renn of In-dianapolis, Nickolaus Schultz of Merrillville, and Jacob Calvin of Tip-ton County. 
We are thankful for their service and 
send our thoughts and prayers to their loved ones. Without hesitation, we renew our appreciation and steadfast commitment to our heroic women and men in blue. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS 
MONTH AND OUR VETERANS 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my unqualified sup-port for those struggling with mental health issues. 
May is Mental Health Awareness 
Month and an opportune time to reach out to those battling with this issue, 
including this country’s veterans and their families. 
Many of our veterans endured trau-
ma during their time of service and, as a result, are now forced to face the neg-ative perceptions and stigma associ-ated with mental health care. I want to lend my voice to a national program designed to reducing those negative views. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs 
is encouraging veterans, along with their families and friends, to visit the Web site maketheconnection.net. Make the Connection allows veterans to tell their personal stories of mental health treatment and recovery. 
Through the Web site, veterans and 
their loved ones hear from hundreds of other veterans who may be experi-encing similar challenges and learn 
strategies for support and recovery. This is truly an excellent source of strength for veterans in need of hope. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed the USA FREEDOM Act, a bi-partisan bill to reform the controver-sial domestic surveillance programs. 
The passage of this legislation is the 
result of strong bipartisan negotiations to strike a balance in order to protect American citizens’ rights without deal-ing a blow to lawful and warranted sur-veillance efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress did not intend 
for any law to authorize the indiscrimi-nate collection of personal information from Americans. The USA FREEDOM Act will help end government over-reach, while ensuring intelligence agencies have the tools at their dis-posal to lawfully pursue suspected ter-rorists in efforts to protect all Ameri-cans. 
As a member of the bipartisan Con-
gressional Privacy Caucus, I applaud the Judiciary Committee and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence for working together to write a bill that strikes a balance to protect our constitutional rights without com-promising our national security. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
EXPIRATION 
(Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, in just 5 legisla-tive days, the highway trust fund au-thorization will expire. Transportation projects all across the country will come to a screeching halt. Thousands of workers will be unnecessarily laid off. 
Despite the Republicans now having 
a majority in both House and Senate, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.015 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2970 May 14, 2015 
we continue to find ourselves legis-
lating by crisis. 
Today, 65 percent of our Nation’s 
roads are rated as less than good condi-
tion. Twenty-five percent are in poor condition. In Texas alone, we have over 300,000 miles of public roads, almost 10 percent of which are rated poorly. 
I urge my colleagues to commit to a 
long-term plan that will provide cer-tainty, increase transit revenues, and keep workers in our construction in-dustries on the job, especially during this upcoming construction season. 
As our roads erode and our transit 
system decays, it is imperative that we do our jobs and be responsible legisla-tors. I urge my colleagues to enact a long-term bill as soon as possible. 
f 
WILLIAMS SYNDROME 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, Wil-
liams syndrome is a rare neurological disease. May is Williams Syndrome Awareness Month. 
According to the Williams Syndrome 
Association, there are between 25,000 and 30,000 individuals living with this rare disease, at least one of whom is a constituent of mine. His name is Brian Weaver. I had the pleasure of meeting him. 
My bill, the OPEN Act, would provide 
an incentive for companies to test their drugs on a rare disease popu-lation. Over 150 rare diseases organiza-tions wrote to us saying the OPEN Act ‘‘promises to improve the quality of life for the nearly 30 million Americans suffering from rare diseases.’’ 
Research into Williams syndrome 
could lead to advances in treating Americans with high blood pressure, diabetes, autism, and anxiety dis-orders. We must continue to fight for millions of Americans who suffer from rare diseases like Williams syndrome. 
f 
WOMEN’S ECONOMIC SECURITY 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
pear here today filled with a sense of great pride but also deeply troubled. 
I am proud of the work done by 
women every day in America, women like my grandmother, who raised fam-ily, put food on the table, and ensured that their children received the edu-cation and care that they deserved. 
I am offended that, as I stand here 
today, more than 50 years after Presi-dent Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, as a country, we are still, as women, seeking pay equality. Women are only earning 78 cents to every dollar earned by a man. For women of color, that gap is even great-er. 
I am deeply troubled by the lack of 
retirement security for women, Amer-ican women, and all older Americans. Today, I am alarmed at our failure to 
provide women who work hard with basic benefits like paid sick leave and paid family and medical leave. 
I am not intimidated, as a Member of 
Congress, by these problems. I and my Democratic colleagues are energized and united to correct this page in American history because we know, when women succeed, America suc-ceeds. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE PAIN-CAPABLE 
UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to applaud the passage of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation, which I cospon-sored and voted for yesterday, will help protect unborn children by limiting abortion after 5 months, the point at which they can experience pain. 
This is not a divisive concept. In fact, 
the majority of Americans support lim-iting abortion after 5 months. It is a fundamental issue of human rights and dignity. 
I urge my colleagues in the Senate to 
pass the House Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act and join us in protecting the right of life, without which all other rights are impossible. 
f 
b1215 
FY 2016 NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge the important hard work of Chairman T
HORNBERRY  
and Ranking Member S MITH of Wash-
ington and all of the members of the Armed Services Committee, as well as the committee staff, on the FY 2016 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. I am particularly proud of the work of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee, and I am particularly proud of working with Chairman J
OE 
WILSON of South Carolina on critical 
national security priorities such as things like cybersecurity, one of the chief threats facing our Nation today, and also the work we have done on R&D, special operations, and counter-terrorism. I also applaud the bill’s in-vestment in important undersea capa-bilities, such as the Virginia class sub-marines, the Virginia Payload Module, as well as the Ohio replacement pro-gram. 
However, I am deeply concerned that 
the NDAA reflects a budget approach that locks in sequestration and severs that critical link between our national security and our economic security. It is unfortunate that a measure that has historically represented such strong bi-partisanship and regular order has been taken hostage by a refusal to address 
the Budget Control Act. 
Mr. Speaker, we can do better. We 
need to avoid sequestration, properly fund our national defense, and I hope that these concerns will be addressed as we continue working to support the brave men and women who defend this great Nation every day. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
NEVADA APPEAL 
(Mr. AMODEI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, New York 
Times, get out of the way. Chicago Tribune, San Francisco Chronicle, not good enough; keep trying harder. 
May 16 marks the 150th anniversary 
of the publishing of Nevada’s oldest daily newspaper, the Nevada Appeal, published in its capital city, Carson City. 
I am here to say happy sesquicenten-
nial birthday to the Nevada Appeal, which, by the way, was one of the first newspapers in the land that was owned by a woman, from 1878 to 1880. 
The paper has been a mainstay of Ne-
vada journalistic enterprise. Forget it, Las Vegas Review-Journal, Las Vegas Sun, Reno Evening Gazette. These are the folks that have been there for 150 years. 
I couldn’t be prouder because, as a 
matter of fact, in my more productive years, at the age of about 9 and 10, I was a paperboy for the Nevada Appeal and have a picture to prove it, with the paper bag with ‘‘Nevada Appeal’’ blazoned across it on the front of my Columbia Stingray bicycle that I deliv-ered the papers on. 
Go, Nevada Appeal. Happy birthday 
to the publisher, Mark Raymond, and the editor, Adam Trumble. Way to go. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ED LYNCH 
(Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life a remarkable philanthropist, family man, businessman, and friend from southwest Washington who has made a lasting impact on our region. He passed away this week at the age of 94. 
Ed Lynch was a cornerstone of our 
community. Known by all as caring and humble, Mr. L
YNCH was truly a 
representation of a servant leader. He was a neighbor and a friend. 
In 1957, Ed and his wife, Dollie, 
moved to Washington State to make Vancouver their home. After serving as president of Kiewit Pacific, Ed dedi-cated the remaining years of his life to making our region, the region that he loved, a better place. 
During his retirement, Ed poured his 
heart and soul into southwest Wash-ington and taught us all that trans-forming one’s community starts with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.017 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2971 May 14, 2015 
servant’s heart. Ed remained active 
and provided unmatched support for businesses, historic societies, civics projects, the Columbia Springs Foun-dation, the Fort Vancouver National Trust, and the PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center up until his last days. 
Ed’s vibrant personality made him 
one of the most beloved individuals of our entire region. Whether it was something as simple as remembering your name or giving you a book from his collection, he did more for our com-munity than almost anyone, yet he was never more than just ‘‘one of us.’’ I honor his memory today. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, when it comes to the highway trust fund, this Congress has kicked the can down the road so many times that pretty soon we will not even have a road. 
In just 5 legislative days—in 5 legis-
lative days—the fund will expire, and with it, 660,000 good-paying jobs will be on the chopping block. 
America cannot lead the next cen-
tury with broken roads and bridges col-lapsing. We are spending barely enough to repair the infrastructure of yester-day, as China and Europe build a tran-sit system worthy of the 21st century. 
In my district alone, we have two 
large infrastructure projects—the Sec-ond Avenue Subway and the East Side Access—and both of them depend, as do large infrastructure projects, on Fed-eral funding. They create thousands of jobs, and they will cut commute times. They are investments in productivity and economic growth for our country. 
After a dozen short-term extensions, 
it is time for a long-term highway bill. Our future depends on it. Our economic growth depends on it. 
f 
KEEP THE PROMISE ACT 
(Mr. GOSAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to draw attention to the serious issue facing my home State of Arizona. 
For several years, I have been ac-
tively involved in a troubling off-res-ervation gaming issue in my home State of Arizona involving the Tohono O’odham Nation. The tribe has been at-tempting to move from their ancestral lands in Tucson into another tribe’s former reservation in the Phoenix met-ropolitan area for the sole purpose of building a Las Vegas-style casino. 
Tohono’s dismissal of their promise 
of a voter-approved compact and their dismissal of a promise to build no addi-tional casinos in Phoenix is not some-thing that Congress can ignore when the result will be so harmful to what has been a national model. Furthermore, Tohono has falsely 
been claiming a victory in court. This sentiment is factually wrong. The Tohono won nothing based on the mer-its. Rather, the case was dismissed on the draconian doctrine of sovereign im-munity, which we, Congress, have ju-risdiction and oversight of, rather than the courts. 
I urge immediate adoption of this 
commonsense legislation that has passed this same body last Congress and has already passed committee by unanimous consent. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, we are seeing a dose of dema-goguery from the Republican leader-ship, who continue to threaten the elimination of the Export-Import Bank. 
The Ex-Im Bank ensures that Amer-
ican companies of all sizes have access to financing for the export of American goods, from electronics, to medical equipment, to smartphones and cases of soap. These exports contribute to the strength of the economy and sup-port millions of American jobs. In fact, since 2009, the bank has supported 1.3 million private sector jobs. 
Republican threats to eliminate the 
bank are threats to American workers, manufacturers, and our economy. Last year, New Jersey exported $36.8 billion in merchandise. Failure to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank would put billions of dollars in New Jersey exports at risk. 
I urge my colleagues to reauthorize 
the Ex-Im Bank. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, there are 
only 5 legislative days until the high-way trust fund expires. Once again, this House is governing by crisis and needlessly endangering 660,000 good- paying jobs. This needs to stop. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers gives America’s infrastructure an overall grade of D-minus. Mr. Speaker, 35 percent of my State of Connecticut’s bridges are structurally deficient, func-tionally obsolete, or both. 
We shouldn’t wait until the trains de-
rail, the bridges collapse, or projects shut down before we fund our infra-structure in this Nation. A great na-tion does not respond to crisis with duct tape. A great nation leads by bold action. 
I join Democrats and Republicans 
who are ready to work together to pass a long-term, sustainable, robust high-way and infrastructure bill. The time is act is now. POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, Americans 
are still shaken by this week’s Amtrak derailment that took the lives of seven people and left more than 200 injured. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families who have suffered a loss. 
The NTSB said that this tragedy 
could have been prevented if the cor-ridor had been outfitted with positive train control technology, PTC. All of us in southern California have known the importance of PTC since the hor-rible train accident in Chatsworth in 2008 that killed 25 people. Congress mandated that year that PTC be in-stalled on all our Nation’s rail lines. 
Across the country, rail lines are in 
the process of installing this lifesaving technology, but many are behind schedule. There was no PTC in place where this recent crash occurred. 
Yesterday, former Republican Trans-
portation Secretary Ray LaHood said, ‘‘The idea that Amtrak doesn’t need more money to implement positive train control . . . is nonsense.’’ And yet yesterday, Republicans in the House Appropriations Committee voted to cut the Amtrak budget by $252 million. 
This Congress’ policy of starving our 
infrastructure system is endangering Americans. Enough is enough. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. NORCROSS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to talk with my colleagues about passing a long-term reauthorization of the highway trust fund. If we don’t do it now, it is about kicking the can down the road once again. 
It is because of this dysfunction that 
we have here in Congress that we can’t get something done. People talk to us day in and day out about how disgusted they are. We can’t do things. They are crying out for predictability. 
If you were only going to get two 
paychecks, would you be thinking about buying a house? Of course not. Industries that rely on our roads and bridges to move goods and services need that predictability, that funding, to make good business decisions. Oth-erwise, it would be foolish for them to do that. 
We all say we want to help our econ-
omy grow, and certainly I do. Let’s give the job creators a reason to create jobs. Let’s reauthorize the highway trust fund for the long term. 
f 
b1230 
WHEN WOMEN SUCCEED, AMERICA 
SUCCEEDS: AN ECONOMIC AGEN-DA FOR WOMEN AND FAMILIES 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2972 May 14, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the ‘‘When Women Succeed, America Succeeds: An Eco-nomic Agenda for Women and Fami-lies.’’ 
Let me first thank Leader P
ELOSI , of 
course, and Representatives M ATSUI  
and F RANKEL for their unwavering 
dedication to our Democratic Women’s Working Group and for women and families all across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, this agenda is about im-
proving the future of our families and the economic security of all women. It is about increasing access to child care, retirement security, and equal pay for equal work. It is simply unacceptable in 2015 that women are still being paid 78 cents for every dollar that a man makes. African American women and Latinas are being paid even less, at 64 cents and 56 cents respectively, despite doing the same work as men. This is wrong. It is an embarrassment. 
We must do more to advance the eco-
nomic security of all women, like pro-viding access to high quality and af-fordable child care. As a single mother who raised two amazing boys, I know what it is like to struggle to make ends meet. When I was a student at Mills College in Oakland, California, often-times I took my sons to class with me because I could not afford child care. Now, that was in the day. This is 2015, and women deserve better. So let’s sup-port this agenda and lift women up. When women succeed, America suc-ceeds. 
f 
WOMEN AND RETIREMENT 
SECURITY 
(Ms. MATSUI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of retirement security for women. We celebrate the month of May as Older Americans Month. This year also marks the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid and the 80th anniversary of Social Security. 
There is no better time to recognize 
the profound impact that these impor-tant programs have had on our coun-try. They are vital programs to all Americans. We also know that they are especially key for women. 
Women on average live longer, have 
lower retirement savings, and spend more on health care. I am committed to protecting and expanding Medicare and Social Security for women and for all seniors. 
Congress must also pass legislation 
to support caregivers—women and men—who may leave the workforce to care for a child or a sick family mem-ber. Strong retirement security poli-cies help women succeed and America succeed. 
f 
THE DEFENSE BILL 
(Mr. MOULTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, the 
Rules Committee just rejected an amendment to the defense bill that I offered to protect our troops on the front line by shifting funds from the A– 10, an airplane the Air Force and the Department of Defense don’t want, to unfunded priorities for IED protection and other things our front-line infan-try troops desperately need. 
Thousands of young American men 
and women have been killed by IEDs in the past decade. If the A–10 is so crit-ical, why has neither the Army nor the Marine Corps, which many troops feel provides the best close air support in the world, asked for A–10s themselves? With a limitless budget we would all love to have the A–10 and other weap-ons. But our troops know that we live in a real world with real tradeoffs. And America expects us to make the politi-cally difficult decisions to protect our shared national security and the lives of young Americans whom we ask to defend it. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RE-SOURCES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia) laid before the 
House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Natural Resources: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 12, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER , It is a tremendous 
privilege to represent the people of the First Congressional District of Alabama in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
I have greatly appreciated the opportunity 
to serve on the Natural Resources Com-mittee. However, due to my appointment to the Committee on Rules, I hereby resign my seat on the Natural Resources Committee. 
I look forward to continuing to serve the 
constituents of Alabama’s First Congres-sional District on the Committee on Rules during the 114th Congress. 
Sincerely, 
B
RADLEY BYRNE , 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 14, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 14, 2015 at 9:49 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. Con. Res. 10. Appointments: Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Acad-
emy. 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Ma-
rine Academy. 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force 
Academy. 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard 
Academy. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the Senate amendments 
is as follows: 
Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Nuclear 
Agreement Review Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR PRO-GRAM OF IRAN. 
The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 
et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 134 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 135. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN. 
‘‘(a) T RANSMISSION TO CONGRESS OF NUCLEAR  
AGREEMENTS WITHIRAN AND VERIFICATION AS-
SESSMENT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH AGREE-
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSMISSION OF AGREEMENTS .—Not later 
than 5 calendar days after reaching an agree-ment with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran, the President shall transmit to the ap-propriate congressional committees and leader-ship— 
‘‘(A) the agreement, as defined in subsection 
(h)(1), including all related materials and an-nexes; 
‘‘(B) a verification assessment report of the 
Secretary of State prepared under paragraph (2) with respect to the agreement; and 
‘‘(C) a certification that— ‘‘(i) the agreement includes the appropriate 
terms, conditions, and duration of the agree-ment’s requirements with respect to Iran’s nu-clear activities and provisions describing any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.021 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2973 May 14, 2015 
sanctions to be waived, suspended, or otherwise 
reduced by the United States, and any other na-tion or entity, including the United Nations; and 
‘‘(ii) the President determines the agreement 
meets United States non-proliferation objectives, does not jeopardize the common defense and se-curity, provides an adequate framework to en-sure that Iran’s nuclear activities permitted thereunder will not be inimical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security, and ensures that Iran’s nuclear activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nu-
clear explosive purpose, including for any re-search on or development of any nuclear explo-sive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose. 
‘‘(2) V
ERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall prepare, with respect to an agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1), a report assessing— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the Secretary will be 
able to verify that Iran is complying with its ob-ligations and commitments under the agreement; 
‘‘(ii) the adequacy of the safeguards and other 
control mechanisms and other assurances con-tained in the agreement with respect to Iran’s nuclear program to ensure Iran’s activities per-mitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explo-sive purpose, including for any research on or development of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the capacity and capability of the Inter-
national Atomic Energy Agency to effectively implement the verification regime required by or related to the agreement, including whether the International Atomic Energy Agency will have sufficient access to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of covert nuclear-related activities and whether it has the required funding, man-power, and authority to undertake the verification regime required by or related to the agreement. 
‘‘(B) A
SSUMPTIONS .—In preparing a report 
under subparagraph (A) with respect to an agreement described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall assume that Iran could— 
‘‘(i) use all measures not expressly prohibited 
by the agreement to conceal activities that vio-late its obligations and commitments under the agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) alter or deviate from standard practices 
in order to impede efforts to verify that Iran is complying with those obligations and commit-ments. 
‘‘(C) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—A report under sub-
paragraph (A) shall be transmitted in unclassi-fied form, but shall include a classified annex prepared in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, summarizing relevant classified information. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Neither the requirements of 
subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1), nor subsections (b) through (g) of this section, shall apply to an agreement described in sub-section (h)(5) or to the EU-Iran Joint Statement made on April 2, 2015. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Notwith-
standing subparagraph (A), any agreement as defined in subsection (h)(1) and any related ma-terials, whether concluded before or after the date of the enactment of this section, shall not be subject to the exception in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(b) P
ERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS OF NU-
CLEAR AGREEMENTS WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—During the 30-calendar day 
period following transmittal by the President of an agreement pursuant to subsection (a), the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall, as appropriate, hold hearings and briefings and otherwise ob-tain information in order to fully review such agreement. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The period for congressional 
review under paragraph (1) shall be 60 calendar days if an agreement, including all materials re-
quired to be transmitted to Congress pursuant to subsection (a)(1), is transmitted pursuant to subsection (a) between July 10, 2015, and Sep-tember 7, 2015. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING INITIAL  
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW PERIOD .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), prior to and during the period for transmission of an agreement in subsection (a)(1) and during the period for con-gressional review provided in paragraph (1), in-cluding any additional period as applicable under the exception provided in paragraph (2), the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the appli-cation of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING PRESI -
DENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLUTION  
OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, except as provided in para-graph (6), if a joint resolution of disapproval de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes both Houses of Congress, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provi-sion of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 12 calendar days following the date of such passage. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING CONGRES -
SIONAL RECONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of dis-approval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes both Houses of Congress, and the President ve-toes such joint resolution, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provi-sion of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 10 calendar days following the date of the President’s veto. 
‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions under 
paragraphs (3) through (5) do not apply to any new deferral, waiver, or other suspension of statutory sanctions pursuant to the Joint Plan of Action if that deferral, waiver, or other sus-pension is made— 
‘‘(A) consistent with the law in effect on the 
date of the enactment of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 45 calendar days before 
the transmission by the President of an agree-ment, assessment report, and certification under subsection (a). 
‘‘(7) D
EFINITION .—In the House of Represent-
atives, for purposes of this subsection, the terms ‘transmittal,’ ‘transmitted,’ and ‘transmission’ mean transmittal, transmitted, and trans-mission, respectively, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTION WITH 
RESPECT TO NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS WITH 
IRAN.— 
‘‘(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) the sanctions regime imposed on Iran by 
Congress is primarily responsible for bringing Iran to the table to negotiate on its nuclear pro-gram; 
‘‘(B) these negotiations are a critically impor-
tant matter of national security and foreign pol-icy for the United States and its closest allies; 
‘‘(C) this section does not require a vote by 
Congress for the agreement to commence; 
‘‘(D) this section provides for congressional re-
view, including, as appropriate, for approval, disapproval, or no action on statutory sanctions relief under an agreement; and 
‘‘(E) even though the agreement may com-
mence, because the sanctions regime was im-posed by Congress and only Congress can per-
manently modify or eliminate that regime, it is critically important that Congress have the op-portunity, in an orderly and deliberative man-ner, to consider and, as appropriate, take action affecting the statutory sanctions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to an agreement subject to subsection (a) or the Joint Plan of Action— 
‘‘(A) may be taken, consistent with existing 
statutory requirements for such action, if, dur-ing the period for review provided in subsection (b), there is enacted a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does favor the agreement; 
‘‘(B) may not be taken if, during the period 
for review provided in subsection (b), there is enacted a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does not favor the agreement; or 
‘‘(C) may be taken, consistent with existing 
statutory requirements for such action, if, fol-lowing the period for review provided in sub-section (b), there is not enacted any such joint resolution. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the phrase ‘action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States’ shall include waiver, suspension, reduction, or other effort to provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to, Iran under any provi-sion of law or any other effort to refrain from applying any such sanctions. 
‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF IRANIAN  
COMPLIANCE WITHNUCLEAR AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall keep 
the appropriate congressional committees and leadership fully and currently informed of all aspects of Iranian compliance with respect to an agreement subject to subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIALLY SIGNIFICANT BREACHES AND  
COMPLIANCE INCIDENTS .—The President shall, 
within 10 calendar days of receiving credible and accurate information relating to a poten-tially significant breach or compliance incident by Iran with respect to an agreement subject to subsection (a), submit such information to the appropriate congressional committees and lead-ership. 
‘‘(3) M
ATERIAL BREACH REPORT .—Not later 
than 30 calendar days after submitting informa-tion about a potentially significant breach or compliance incident pursuant to paragraph (2), the President shall make a determination whether such potentially significant breach or compliance issue constitutes a material breach and, if there is such a material breach, whether Iran has cured such material breach, and shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees and leadership such determination, accom-panied by, as appropriate, a report on the ac-tion or failure to act by Iran that led to the ma-terial breach, actions necessary for Iran to cure the breach, and the status of Iran’s efforts to cure the breach. 
‘‘(4) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 
calendar days after entering into an agreement described in subsection (a), and not less fre-quently than once every 180 calendar days thereafter, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees and leader-ship a report on Iran’s nuclear program and the compliance of Iran with the agreement during the period covered by the report, including the following elements: 
‘‘(A) Any action or failure to act by Iran that 
breached the agreement or is in noncompliance with the terms of the agreement. 
‘‘(B) Any delay by Iran of more than one 
week in providing inspectors access to facilities, people, and documents in Iran as required by the agreement. 
‘‘(C) Any progress made by Iran to resolve 
concerns by the International Atomic Energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.003 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2974 May 14, 2015 
Agency about possible military dimensions of 
Iran’s nuclear program. 
‘‘(D) Any procurement by Iran of materials in 
violation of the agreement or which could other-wise significantly advance Iran’s ability to ob-tain a nuclear weapon. 
‘‘(E) Any centrifuge research and development 
conducted by Iran that— 
‘‘(i) is not in compliance with the agreement; 
or 
‘‘(ii) may substantially reduce the breakout 
time of acquisition of a nuclear weapon by Iran, if deployed. 
‘‘(F) Any diversion by Iran of uranium, car-
bon-fiber, or other materials for use in Iran’s nuclear program in violation of the agreement. 
‘‘(G) Any covert nuclear activities undertaken 
by Iran, including any covert nuclear weapons- related or covert fissile material activities or re-search and development. 
‘‘(H) An assessment of whether any Iranian 
financial institutions are engaged in money laundering or terrorist finance activities, includ-ing names of specific financial institutions if ap-plicable. 
‘‘(I) Iran’s advances in its ballistic missile pro-
gram, including developments related to its long-range and inter-continental ballistic missile programs. 
‘‘(J) An assessment of— ‘‘(i) whether Iran directly supported, fi-
nanced, planned, or carried out an act of ter-rorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(ii) whether, and the extent to which, Iran 
supported acts of terrorism, including acts of terrorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(iii) all actions, including in international 
fora, being taken by the United States to stop, counter, and condemn acts by Iran to directly or indirectly carry out acts of terrorism against the United States and United States persons; 
‘‘(iv) the impact on the national security of 
the United States and the safety of United States citizens as a result of any Iranian actions reported under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(v) all of the sanctions relief provided to 
Iran, pursuant to the agreement, and a descrip-tion of the relationship between each sanction waived, suspended, or deferred and Iran’s nu-clear weapon’s program. 
‘‘(K) An assessment of whether violations of 
internationally recognized human rights in Iran have changed, increased, or decreased, as com-pared to the prior 180-day period. 
‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS AND INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) A GENCY REPORTS .—Following submission 
of an agreement pursuant to subsection (a) to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership, the Department of State, the Depart-ment of Energy, and the Department of Defense shall, upon the request of any of those commit-tees or leadership, promptly furnish to those committees or leadership their views as to whether the safeguards and other controls con-tained in the agreement with respect to Iran’s nuclear program provide an adequate frame-work to ensure that Iran’s activities permitted thereunder will not be inimical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security. 
‘‘(B) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ON NUCLEAR  
INITIATIVES WITH IRAN .—The President shall 
keep the appropriate congressional committees and leadership fully and currently informed of any initiative or negotiations with Iran relating to Iran’s nuclear program, including any new or amended agreement. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE CERTIFICATION .—After the 
review period provided in subsection (b), the President shall, not less than every 90 calendar days— 
‘‘(A) determine whether the President is able 
to certify that— 
‘‘(i) Iran is transparently, verifiably, and 
fully implementing the agreement, including all related technical or additional agreements; ‘‘(ii) Iran has not committed a material breach 
with respect to the agreement or, if Iran has committed a material breach, Iran has cured the material breach; 
‘‘(iii) Iran has not taken any action, includ-
ing covert activities, that could significantly ad-vance its nuclear weapons program; and 
‘‘(iv) suspension of sanctions related to Iran 
pursuant to the agreement is— 
‘‘(I) appropriate and proportionate to the spe-
cific and verifiable measures taken by Iran with respect to terminating its illicit nuclear program; and 
‘‘(II) vital to the national security interests of 
the United States; and 
‘‘(B) if the President determines he is able to 
make the certification described in subpara-graph (A), make such certification to the appro-priate congressional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(7) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) United States sanctions on Iran for ter-
rorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic mis-siles will remain in place under an agreement, as defined in subsection (h)(1); 
‘‘(B) issues not addressed by an agreement on 
the nuclear program of Iran, including fair and appropriate compensation for Americans who were terrorized and subjected to torture while held in captivity for 444 days after the seizure of the United States Embassy in Tehran, Iran, in 1979 and their families, the freedom of Ameri-cans held in Iran, the human rights abuses of the Government of Iran against its own people, and the continued support of terrorism world-wide by the Government of Iran, are matters critical to ensure justice and the national secu-rity of the United States, and should be expedi-tiously addressed; 
‘‘(C) the President should determine the 
agreement in no way compromises the commit-ment of the United States to Israel’s security, nor its support for Israel’s right to exist; and 
‘‘(D) in order to responsibly implement any 
long-term agreement reached between the P5+1 countries and Iran, it is critically important that Congress have the opportunity to review any agreement and, as necessary, take action to modify the statutory sanctions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I NITIATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the event the President 
does not submit a certification pursuant to sub-section (d)(6) during each 90-day period fol-lowing the review period provided in subsection (b), or submits a determination pursuant to sub-section (d)(3) that Iran has materially breached an agreement subject to subsection (a) and the material breach has not been cured, qualifying legislation introduced within 60 calendar days of such event shall be entitled to expedited con-sideration pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—In the House of Represent-
atives, for purposes of this paragraph, the terms ‘submit’ and ‘submits’ mean submit and submits, respectively, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING LEGISLATION DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘qualifying legislation’ means only a bill of either House of Congress— 
‘‘(A) the title of which is as follows: ‘A bill re-
instating statutory sanctions imposed with re-spect to Iran.’; and 
‘‘(B) the matter after the enacting clause of 
which is: ‘Any statutory sanctions imposed with respect to Iran pursuant to llllll that 
were waived, suspended, reduced, or otherwise relieved pursuant to an agreement submitted pursuant to section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 are hereby reinstated and any action by the United States Government to facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to such agreement, or provide any further waiv-er, suspension, reduction, or other relief pursu-ant to such agreement is hereby prohibited.’, with the blank space being filled in with the law 
or laws under which sanctions are to be rein-stated. 
‘‘(3) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 60-calendar 
day period provided for in paragraph (1), quali-fying legislation may be introduced— 
‘‘(A) in the House of Representatives, by the 
majority leader or the minority leader; and 
‘‘(B) in the Senate, by the majority leader (or 
the majority leader’s designee) or the minority leader (or the minority leader’s designee). 
‘‘(4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If a com-
mittee of the House to which qualifying legisla-tion has been referred has not reported such qualifying legislation within 10 legislative days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration there-of. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Begin-
ning on the third legislative day after each com-mittee to which qualifying legislation has been referred reports it to the House or has been dis-charged from further consideration thereof, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the qualifying legislation in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the qualifying legislation with regard to the same agreement. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adop-tion without intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—The qualifying legisla-
tion shall be considered as read. All points of order against the qualifying legislation and against its consideration are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the qualifying legislation to final passage with-out intervening motion except two hours of de-bate equally divided and controlled by the spon-sor of the qualifying legislation (or a designee) and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the qualifying legislation shall not be in order. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— 
‘‘(A) C OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—Qualifying leg-
islation introduced in the Senate shall be re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations has not reported such qualifying legislation within 10 session days after the date of referral of such legisla-tion, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration of such legislation and the qualifying legislation shall be placed on the ap-propriate calendar. 
‘‘(C) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not-
withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the committee authorized to consider qualifying leg-islation reports it to the Senate or has been dis-charged from its consideration (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been dis-agreed to) to move to proceed to the consider-ation of qualifying legislation, and all points of order against qualifying legislation (and against consideration of the qualifying legislation) are waived. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to post-pone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the qualifying legislation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the un-finished business until disposed of. 
‘‘(D) D
EBATE .—Debate on qualifying legisla-
tion, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority lead-ers or their designees. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amend-ment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.003 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2975 May 14, 2015 
proceed to the consideration of other business, 
or a motion to recommit the qualifying legisla-tion is not in order. 
‘‘(E) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on passage 
shall occur immediately following the conclu-sion of the debate on the qualifying legislation and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate. 
‘‘(F) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCEDURE .— 
Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to qualifying legislation shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(G) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .—De-
bate in the Senate of any veto message with re-spect to qualifying legislation, including all de-batable motions and appeals in connection with such qualifying legislation, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally divided between, and con-trolled by, the majority leader and the minority leader or their designees. 
‘‘(6) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) C OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House of 
qualifying legislation of that House, that House receives qualifying legislation from the other House, then the following procedures shall apply: 
‘‘(i) The qualifying legislation of the other 
House shall not be referred to a committee. 
‘‘(ii) With respect to qualifying legislation of 
the House receiving the legislation— 
‘‘(I) the procedure in that House shall be the 
same as if no qualifying legislation had been re-ceived from the other House; but 
‘‘(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
qualifying legislation of the other House. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF A BILL OF OTHER  
HOUSE .—If one House fails to introduce quali-
fying legislation under this section, the quali-fying legislation of the other House shall be en-titled to expedited floor procedures under this section. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEASURES .— 
If, following passage of the qualifying legisla-tion in the Senate, the Senate then receives a companion measure from the House of Rep-resentatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO REVENUE MEASURES .— 
The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in the House of Representatives to qualifying legislation which is a revenue measure. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
ANDSENATE .—Subsection (e) is enacted by Con-
gress— 
‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of 
the Senate and the House of Representatives, re-spectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sections, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and 
‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitutional 
right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
‘‘(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
the section shall be construed as— 
‘‘(1) modifying, or having any other impact 
on, the President’s authority to negotiate, enter into, or implement appropriate executive agree-ments, other than the restrictions on implemen-tation of the agreements specifically covered by this section; 
‘‘(2) allowing any new waiver, suspension, re-
duction, or other relief from statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law, or allowing the President to refrain from apply-ing any such sanctions pursuant to an agree-ment described in subsection (a) during the pe-riod for review provided in subsection (b); ‘‘(3) revoking or terminating any statutory 
sanctions imposed on Iran; or 
‘‘(4) authorizing the use of military force 
against Iran. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A GREEMENT .—The term ‘agreement’ 
means an agreement related to the nuclear pro-gram of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commitment or otherwise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint comprehen-sive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, ap-pendices, codicils, side agreements, imple-menting materials, documents, and guidance, technical or other understandings, and any re-lated agreements, whether entered into or imple-mented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or implemented in the future. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Financial Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES AND LEADERSHIP .—The term ‘appropriate 
congressional committees and leadership’ means the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate and the 
Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Financial Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Speaker, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(4) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘Iranian financial institution’ has the meaning given the term in section 104A(d) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513b(d)). 
‘‘(5) J
OINT PLAN OF ACTION .—The term ‘Joint 
Plan of Action’ means the Joint Plan of Action, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federa-tion, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all imple-menting materials and agreements related to the Joint Plan of Action, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, the extension agreed to on November 24, 2014, and any materially identical extension that is agreed to on or after the date of the enactment of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. 
‘‘(6) EU-
IRAN JOINT STATEMENT .—The term 
‘EU-Iran Joint Statement’ means only the Joint Statement by EU High Representative Federica Mogherini and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif made on April 2, 2015, at Lausanne, Swit-zerland. 
‘‘(7) M
ATERIAL BREACH .—The term ‘material 
breach’ means, with respect to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a), any breach of the agreement, or in the case of non-binding com-mitments, any failure to perform those commit-ments, that substantially— 
‘‘(A) benefits Iran’s nuclear program; ‘‘(B) decreases the amount of time required by 
Iran to achieve a nuclear weapon; or 
‘‘(C) deviates from or undermines the purposes 
of such agreement. 
‘‘(8) N
ONCOMPLIANCE DEFINED .—The term 
‘noncompliance’ means any departure from the terms of an agreement described in subsection (a) that is not a material breach. ‘‘(9) P5+
1 COUNTRIES .—The term ‘P5+1 coun-
tries’ means the United States, France, the Rus-sian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and Germany. 
‘‘(10) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8511).’’. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
provide for congressional review and over-sight of agreements relating to Iran’s nu-clear program, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of May 13, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. E NGEL ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to 
claim the time in genuine opposition to H.R. 1191. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman from New York in favor of the motion? 
Mr. ENGEL. I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. On that 
basis, pursuant to the rule, the gen-tleman from Minnesota will control 30 minutes in opposition. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) and ask unanimous 
consent that he control that time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 
minutes of my time to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), my rank-
ing member, and ask unanimous con-sent that he be allowed to control that time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members of this body have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous materials on this measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I might consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this legislation to ensure that Con-gress is positioned to effectively and decisively judge and to constrain Presi-dent Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran should a bad deal be struck. I commend Chairman C
ORKER and Ranking Mem-
ber C ARDIN for bringing this measure 
before their body. This bill received near unanimous support in the other body. I appreciate, as always, Ranking Member E
NGEL ’s cooperation in bring-
ing this to the floor. 
With today’s vote, this legislation 
will go to the President for his signa-ture. The Foreign Affairs Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.003 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2976 May 14, 2015 
has held a series of hearings on the ad-
ministration’s nuclear negotiations with Iran, a radical state sponsor of terrorism, which is creating turmoil in a strategically vital region. It is fair to say that there are deep, bipartisan con-cerns about where these negotiations are heading. I fear that the agreement that is coming will be too short, sanc-tions relief will be too rapid, inspectors will be too restricted, and Iran’s mis-sile program will be plain ignored. 
Of course, we all hope that Iran’s 
march toward a nuclear weapon can be diplomatically stopped. This legisla-tion should strengthen the administra-tion’s hand at the negotiating table. But Secretary Kerry must put its added leverage to use immediately so that the U.S. can gain much-needed ground in the negotiations over the next 2 months. 
Mr. Speaker, much of the pressure 
that brought the Islamic Republic of Iran to the negotiating table was put in place by Congress over the objec-tions of the White House and over the objections of both Republican and Democratic Presidents, and this is un-fortunate. We would have had more pressure on Iran today if the Obama administration hadn’t pressured the Senate to sit on the Royce-Engel sanc-tions bill that the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee produced and that this House passed by a margin of 400–20. 
Let’s be clear. The administration 
has come around to support the legisla-tion we are debating here today, but not with any enthusiasm. Having fol-lowed these negotiations since they began in November of 2013, I can tell you that the President would like nothing more than to have no such bill, to have Congress sit on the sideline and watch him negotiate an agreement, whether good or bad, and I fear bad. 
Today, without this legislation in 
place, what is Congress’ position if the President reaches a deal with Iran? Currently, there is no limitation on the President’s use of waivers to suspend the sanctions Congress put in place, no requirement that Congress receive full details of any agreement with Iran, no review period for Congress to examine and weigh in on the agreement, no re-quirement that the President certify that Iran is complying, and no way for Congress to rapidly reimpose sanctions should Iran cheat. 
Today, the President can sign a bad 
deal, and we, the United States Con-gress, are left to read about it in the paper. But with the passage of this bill, all that changes. Sanctions relief is frozen until Congress receives the agreement and then holds a referendum on its merits. Again, I believe that this gives the administration a better chance to get to a lasting and meaning-ful agreement. 
Consider the outstanding and critical 
issue of verification. The ink wasn’t even dry on the framework announce-ment and the chants of ‘‘death to America’’ led by the Supreme Leader were still fresh when the leader as-serted—when the Ayatollah asserted— 
that Iran wouldn’t allow international inspectors access to its military facili-ties. The deputy head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps seconded that. He said: ‘‘They will not even be permitted to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams.’’ 
When it comes to negotiating this in-
spections regime over the next 2 months, U.S. negotiators must know that these critical issues will deter-mine Congress’ assessment of any final deal. 
b1245 
Once this legislation is signed, when 
Secretary Kerry sits across from the Iranians, he will now have on his mind: I have got to take this to Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, that prospect can only 
improve these negotiations. I just hope it is not too late and that we aren’t too deep into a bad deal. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this legislation. Our negotiators continue to hammer 
out the details of an agreement with Iran that will hopefully foreclose all pathways to a nuclear weapon. As I have said again and again, if a deal is struck, Congress must have a proper role in assessing that deal. That is what we are doing now. That is the purpose of this legislation before us today. This legislation passed the other body by a vote of 98–1. 
If a deal is reached, what are the 
things I will be looking for? First, what will sanctions really look like? Will it be a step-by-step process, so that Iran is forced to comply with the agree-ment? How will we ensure that this fi-nancial windfall for Iran won’t just be used to fund terrorism around the world? 
Second, will a deal compel Iran to 
come clean on its weaponization work? 
Third, will Iran’s leaders agree to a 
verification and inspection regime that will allow for snap inspections of nu-clear sites? Snap inspections mean that the inspectors can go all over Iran. They don’t need special permission. We have not been hearing such positive things from the Iranian leadership who say that they will never allow inspec-tors on their military grounds. 
We need answers to these questions. 
We need time to take a hard look at any deal and make sure there are no loopholes that Iran’s leaders might be able to exploit. The bill we are debat-ing today will give us that time. 
My frustrations with these negotia-
tions have stemmed from the fact that Iran was not required to cease its ura-nium enrichment while negotiating. When we sat down with Iran at the very beginning, more than a year ago, to negotiate with them, we should have said, While we are talking, you stop en-riching. We didn’t say that. I think that was a mistake. 
Additionally, we negotiate as Iran 
continues its nefarious behavior around the world—in Syria, in Yemen, 
against Israel, support for terrorism. There is no sign that this agreement will lead to Iran stopping its support for terrorism or human rights viola-tions; yet massive sanctions relief is on the table. 
The fact of the matter is it is very 
frustrating that we are talking with Iran only about their nuclear weapons; we are not talking about the fact that they are a leading sponsor of terrorism or they are making trouble in Syria, where so many hundreds of thousands of innocents have died, or making trou-ble in Yemen or supporting Hezbollah, supporting Hamas. 
It really is frustrating that we are 
talking about one aspect—their nu-clear program—and meanwhile, they are free, apparently, to do whatever else they want. This really should not stand. 
Perhaps the biggest question I have 
is whether Iran’s leaders will ulti-mately be able to make the tough choices necessary to show the world that they are serious about living up to their commitments. This is a high bar to clear, and Iran’s leaders, unfortu-nately, have given us no reason to trust them. 
I remain concerned that the mes-
sages we are hearing from Iran directly contradict what the administration has told us. Iran’s leaders have said that sanctions will be lifted immediately upon the signing of an agreement and that Iran will never accept inspections of their military sites. 
This begs the question: Is Iran seri-
ous about these negotiations? We are told that any kind of sanctions relief will be incremental as Iran complies. The Iranian leaders are telling their public differently. We obviously have to settle this glaring discrepancy. 
That is why this bill also includes 
provisions in case Iran reneges on its commitments. If Iran cheats, it would trigger immediate consideration of leg-islation that puts sanctions back in place, but let’s hope it doesn’t come to that. 
The best way to avoid another war in 
the Middle East is a negotiated solu-tion to the Iranian nuclear crisis. I wish our negotiators success. I hope this legislation sends a clear message that Congress is taking its role seri-ously, that we aren’t playing politics with this issue and that we want these negotiations to result in a strong, verifiable deal that keeps a nuclear bomb out of Iran’s hands. 
I agree with Secretary Kerry when he 
says that no deal is better than a bad deal. The question is we want to make sure a bad deal isn’t sold as a good deal. That is why it is important for Congress to be engaged. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.024 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2977 May 14, 2015 
Rights, and International Organiza-
tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will suspend. 
Mr. ELLISON. I don’t object to the 
gentleman taking the 2 minutes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman is recognized for 2 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-
ing Member E NGEL and Senators 
CORKER , CARDIN , and M ENENDEZ for 
doing their level best in the face of an administration which, throughout this process, has ignored and sought to ex-clude the legislature from its constitu-tional role in ratifying what is, in es-sence, a treaty—it is called an execu-tive agreement, but it is a treaty—with the vicious, rights-abusing regime in Tehran, to salvage what we all can from an egregiously flawed framework and process. 
It is clear, from the trajectory of ne-
gotiations to date, that the adminis-tration has squandered the leverage gained through sanctions, and there has been slippage—or, rather, retreat— from the strong position staked out in a number of U.N. Security Council res-olutions, including resolution 1929 agreed to in 2010. Resolution 1929 de-manded that Iran: one, suspend all ura-nium enrichment; two, cooperate fully with the IAEA ensuring unfettered on- site inspection; and, three, refrain from any activity related to ballistic mis-siles. 
Iran is now closer to achieving access 
to nuclear weapons and to the missiles to carry them to targets, including cit-ies in the United States, while being relieved of sanctions. 
From what we know now of the pro-
posed framework, over 5,000 centrifuges will be allowed. Furthermore, it is Iran’s understanding that military sites will be off limits—what?—off lim-its to inspection and that ballistic mis-siles, the delivery systems for nuclear bombs, are not part of the framework. 
As a prerequisite to sitting down 
with the regime in Tehran, I and others have argued that the administration should have insisted that all Ameri-cans held or missing in Iran, including Christian pastor Saeed Abedini be re-leased. 
I am concerned, Mr. Speaker, that an 
agreement under these terms—terms which, underscore that, we have back-tracked in these negotiations—will give new meaning to the phrase ‘‘Pyr-rhic victory.’’ 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
ranking member for the time. 
Also, I just want to acknowledge to 
my colleagues that we are here to talk about the best way to make sure that Iran does not acquire a nuclear weap-on. I am convinced that what we do here today is not the best way to do that. I am convinced that the best way to 
make sure that Iran does not have a nuclear weapon is to allow the Com-mander in Chief, Chief Executive of this country, to negotiate a deal, and then Congress will be asked to relieve any sanctions, if that is warranted, and we will be able to weigh in at that time, which is the proper time. We will be able to have oversight hearings without regard to this legislation or any other, at any time we choose. 
This piece of legislation, I believe, 
improperly, in an unhelpful manner, restrains the President by tying his hands, significantly delaying the im-plementation of a peace agreement, weakens our negotiating position by strengthening Iranian hard-liners—who will argue that the U.S. will not repeal sanctions even if Iran complies with the final deal—and sends a signal to the international community that the U.S. Congress is setting the stage to vote down a final agreement, compro-mising our relationships with NATO al-lies and international partners that have implemented the sanctions re-gime and that brought about Iran to the negotiating table. 
It is very important that we ac-
knowledge it was not the U.S. sanc-tions alone that has brought Iran to the negotiating table. It has been the international community and the co-operation we have enjoyed with the international community that has brought them to the negotiating table. 
If we start operating as if we are 
going to change the deal, we signal to our partners that we are operating in less than good faith, which could col-lapse the whole sanctions regime inter-nationally. This is not U.S.-Iran nego-tiating; this is the P5+1, and we must keep that in due regard. 
Congress has an important role to 
play in this agreement with Iran re-pealing statutory sanctions. The deal cannot be implemented without con-gressional action. There is no reason for us to act right now. The only thing that acting now will achieve is to un-dermine the chance of an agreement. 
Now, I believe Congress must have 
oversight, but I don’t believe we should make this deal stillborn in the crib be-fore it is even allowed to emerge. We don’t want to abort the deal before it is born. 
The deal should be allowed to come 
forward and the President should be al-lowed to make peace with a hostile na-tion before we start talking about what is wrong with it. We are anticipating what is wrong with it, and I don’t think that is a helpful thing. 
We are certainly not under any illu-
sions about human rights, about ex-porting conflict from Iran. We know these things are the case. 
What do you do when you want to de-
escalate the prospect of war? You nego-tiate. That is what the President is doing. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the Democratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
First, let me say that I agree with 
my friend who is, I think, one of our very responsible and able leaders in this Congress, Mr. E
LLISON . I appre-
ciate his comments. 
I presume that everybody on this 
floor, whatever their perspective is, thinks that the objective that the United States seeks and the objective that our P5 partners seek and the ob-jective that the United Nations seeks— and that is a non-nuclear-armed Iran— is best achieved through agreement. 
I think all of us would agree on that. 
The question is, however, for us to make it very clear the objective of that agreement and how it is achieved and how we are assured that that objective is, in fact, achieved. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate 
Senator C
ARDIN , my dear friend, the 
ranking member of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, for his hard work to reach this compromise with Chairman C
ORKER . I want to congratulate Mr. 
ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL for bringing it to 
the floor for quick consideration. 
This compromise bill allows Congress 
to look carefully at the final agree-ment. For something of such con-sequence, that is essential. Not only is it desirable, it is essential that we do so. It will help ensure that our common goal is achieved, a non-nuclear-armed Iran. 
I will say to my friend from Min-
nesota, my presumption is the Iranians want to get to this. They say they are not looking for nuclear arms; they want to have relief of the sanctions. It seems to me this is in their best inter-est, so they ought to be trying to ac-commodate this. I think, in fact, this can help, not hurt, our negotiating po-
sition. 
I believe this bill reflects the con-
sensus among Members of both the House and Senate that Congress, which authored the sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table—I would say, again, to my friend from Min-nesota, the reason the sanctions were effective in bringing the Iranians to the table is because our European al-lies joined in them. I think he is abso-lutely right. 
Unilaterally, we couldn’t have done 
that because we don’t do that much business with Iran; the Europeans do. He is absolutely right that it was in partnership that we brought the Ira-nians to the table. 
I want to also thank, Mr. Speaker, 
our negotiating team for their tireless efforts to reach a framework agree-ment. 
A letter was recently signed by 150. I 
didn’t sign the letter, but I absolutely agreed with the substance of the letter, which said the best way to get there is through agreement, and we ought to support our negotiators who are pur-suing that end. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.025 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2978 May 14, 2015 
As I have said before, any final agree-
ment must prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon and include the most intrusive inspections and access regime we have ever seen in order to verify Iran’s compliance. There is no reason for us to trust Iran. 
b1300 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. It must address poten-
tially military dimensions of Iran’s nu-clear program and bring about Iran’s full cooperation with the U.N. Security Council resolutions. 
The United States must never permit 
Iran to develop a nuclear weapon, and we will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with Israel in defense of its security, which is very tied to our own security. That means ensuring Israel maintains its Qualitative Military Edge, including through robust support for antimissile systems and antitunneling defense programs. It also means supporting our gulf partners from Iran’s destabilizing activities. 
Preventing Iran from acquiring a nu-
clear weapon is directly in America’s national security interest. A nuclear- armed Iran is a threat to us all. This bill will ensure that Congress can re-view any final nuclear agreement with Iran to make certain that it meets the goals we and the President share and which he has articulated emphatically and repeatedly. I encourage my col-leagues to support this bipartisan leg-islation. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, there is 
probably no more critical issue on our national agenda today than this mat-ter with Iran. 151 Members of the House have joined together to encour-age the President to ‘‘exhaust every avenue toward a verifiable, enforce-able, diplomatic solution in order to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I would ask unanimous 
consent to insert in the R
ECORD this 
communication. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington DC, May 7, 2015. 
The P RESIDENT , 
The White House, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. PRESIDENT : As negotiations over 
Iran’s nuclear program continue, we urge you to stay on course, building on the re-cently announced political framework and continuing to work toward a strong and verifiable agreement between the P5+1 coun-tries and Iran that will prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapon. We commend you and your negotiating team, as well as our co-alition partners, for the significant progress made thus far. 
This issue is above politics. The stakes are 
too great, and the alternatives are too dire. We must exhaust every avenue toward a verifiable, enforceable, diplomatic solution in order to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran. If the United States were to abandon negotia-tions or cause their collapse, not only would we fail to peacefully prevent a nuclear- 
armed Iran, we would make that outcome more likely. The multilateral sanctions re-gime that brought Iran to the table would likely collapse, and the Iranian regime would likely decide to accelerate its nuclear program, unrestricted and unmonitored. Such developments could lead us to war. 
War itself will not make us safe. A U.S. or 
Israeli military strike may set back Iranian nuclear development by two or three years at best—a significantly shorter timespan than that covered by a P5+1 negotiated agreement. We must pursue diplomatic means to their fullest and allow the negotia-tions to run their course—especially now that the parties have announced a strong framework—and continue working to craft a robust and verifiable Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action by June 30. 
We must allow our negotiating team the 
space and time necessary to build on the progress made in the political framework and turn it into a long-term, verifiable agreement. If we do not succeed, Congress will remain at-the-ready to act and present you with additional options to ensure that Iran is prevented from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
Thank you for your resolve in preventing a 
nuclear-armed Iran. We look forward to con-tinuing our shared work on this important matter. 
Sincerely, 
J
ANSCHAKOWSKY , 
Member of Congress. 
LLOYD DOGGETT , 
Member of Congress. 
DAVID E. P RICE, 
Member of Congress. 
Alma S. Adams, Pete Aguilar, Brad 
Ashford, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Sanford D. Bishop, Earl Blumenauer, Su-zanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Rob-ert A. Brady, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, Tony Ca ´rdenas. 
John C. Carney, Jr., Andre ´Carson, Matt 
Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Steve Cohen, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Joe Courtney, Elijah E. Cummings, Danny K. Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio. 
Diana DeGette, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. 
DelBene, Mark DeSaulnier, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Donna F. Edwards, Keith Elli-son, Anna G. Eshoo, Elizabeth H. Esty, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Bill Foster, Marcia L. Fudge, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Al Green, Rau ´l M. Grijalva. 
Luis V. Gutie ´rrez, Janice Hahn, Denny 
Heck, Brian Higgins, Rube ´n Hinojosa, Mi-
chael M. Honda, Jared Huffman, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Eddie Ber-nice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Marcy Kaptur, William R. Keating, Robin L. Kelly, Daniel T. Kildee, Ron Kind, Joseph P. Kennedy, III, Ann M. Kuster, James R. Lan-gevin, Rick Larsen. 
John B. Larson, Brenda L. Lawrence, Bar-
bara Lee, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, David Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Alan S. Lowenthal, Ben Ray Luja ´n, Michelle Lujan Grisham, 
Stephen F. Lynch, Sean Patrick Maloney, Doris O. Matsui, Betty McCollum, Jim McDermott, James P. McGovern, Jerry McNerney, Gregory W. Meeks, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton. 
Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, 
Richard M. Nolan, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Beto O’Rourke, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Jared Polis, David E. Price, Charles 
B. Rangel, Cedric L. Richmond, Lucille Roy-bal-Allard, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppers-berger, Bobby L. Rush. 
Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho 
Sablan, Linda T. Sa ´nchez, Loretta Sanchez, 
Janice D. Schakowsky, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, David Scott, Jose ´E. Serrano, Terri A. 
Sewell, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Jackie Speier, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Mike Thompson, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, Niki Tsongas. 
Chris Van Hollen, Marc A. Veasey, Nydia 
M. Vela ´zquez, Peter J. Visclosky, Timothy J. 
Walz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Cole-man, Peter Welch, Frederica S. Wilson, John A. Yarmuth. 
Mr. DOGGETT. While not signing 
this particular call for diplomacy, ad-ditional colleagues have made clear that they intend to prevent any at-tempted congressional veto of a strong, verifiable agreement. An agreement not based on trust, not based on liking Iran, but an agreement based on strong verification and intrusive verification. 
Unfortunately, others here in this 
body who have embraced the wrong-headed advice of former President Bush’s U.N. Ambassador John Bolton, who said that, ‘‘To stop Iran’s bomb, bomb Iran.’’ These are some of the same Members who rejected the in-terim nuclear Joint Plan of Action be-fore they had even read it. They are some of the same Members who were so eager to launch an unnecessary war in Iraq that only strengthened Iran and who seem to have learned very little from their previous failure, and they forget that Iran is bigger than Afghani-stan and Iraq put together. 
Another war will not make us safe. 
Bombing may set back Iranian nuclear development by two or three years at best—a significantly shorter time than that covered by a P5+1 negotiated agreement—but it will make an Ira-nian nuclear weapon more likely. Bombing will enflame sectarian and re-gional tensions. It will threaten the se-curity of Israel and of our other allies and ultimately, it will jeopardize the safety of every American family. 
That does not mean that any agree-
ment with Iran is an acceptable agree-ment. Iranian hard-liners, like hard- liners elsewhere, may, ultimately, pre-vent an adequate verification in this agreement, but we must use every dip-lomatic means available, especially now with the announcement of this strong framework, and continue to work and craft a robust Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action. To do other-wise—to withdraw, to fail to support such an agreement—would likely col-lapse the multilateral sanctions among our allies and some that are not our al-lies but have joined with us in this re-gime that brought Iran to the table in the first place and would only accel-erate an Iranian nuclear program that would then be unrestricted and unmonitored. Final sanctions—cer-tainly sanctions which I have person-ally voted on a number of occasions in favor of—cannot be lifted without a vote of Congress, but that would not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.026 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2979 May 14, 2015 
occur until we have conclusive evi-
dence of Iranian compliance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ELLISON. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. DOGGETT. All of us who do not 
trust war as the answer must continue working together to support a peaceful resolution and overcome the bellicose voices whose only alternative is the perilous course of war. We want a strong, verifiable arms accord. I favor and will vote for oversight and review today, but President Obama should know that he has the support in this House to fulfill our obligations under a verifiable agreement for a safer world and to avoid war. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), the chairman of the 
Committee on Homeland Security and a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
While far from perfect, the passage of 
this bill will ensure that Congress has a final say on the Obama administra-tion’s naive negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program. 
Last week, in Israel, I met with 
Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, where I heard, once again, from our top ally in the region about the deep con-cern his country has over the dan-gerous agreement currently being ham-mered out by President Obama and the Ayatollah. 
For years, my colleagues on the For-
eign Affairs Committee have worked to ratchet up the pressure on Tehran through the toughest and most com-prehensive sanctions ever devised. The sanctions passed in Congress brought Iran to the negotiating table. Last Congress, our committee, once again, passed another robust sanctions bill to give President Obama even more lever-age over Tehran; but rather than ac-cept our help, the President and his al-lies in the Senate opted, instead, to re-lieve Iran of the sanctions we had worked so hard to build. 
And for what, Mr. Speaker?—for an 
agreement that allows the world’s lead-ing state sponsor of terror to maintain a vast nuclear infrastructure whose centrifuges will never stop spinning and, according to President Rouhani, for an agreement that does nothing to address the military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program, such as the de-velopment of intercontinental ballistic missiles, which the Ayatollah says it should mass produce, or for an agree-ment that frees up billions of dollars that Iran can use to fund terror around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress must have a 
say in any final agreement with Iran, and this bill will do just that. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member on the 
Appropriations Committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which will en-sure Congress a role in evaluating any final deal reached between the P5+1 countries and Iran. 
As the author of the crippling sanc-
tions that brought Iran to the negoti-ating table, Congress’ continued over-sight role is critical. Serious concerns remain about the proposed framework, particularly of the enforcement and verifiability of any deal, and whether it will, indeed, close all possible path-ways to a bomb. 
Any deal must include full and unfet-
tered inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency of any facility, military or otherwise—including Parchin, Fordow, Natanz—and Iran must account for the possible military dimensions of its past activities. Given Iran’s history of deception, sanctions should remain in place until Iran has taken major nuclear-related steps that demonstrate their sincerity. 
We all want a diplomatic solution, 
but as long as Iran’s leaders continue to refer to Israel as the ‘‘barbaric’’ Jewish state that ‘‘has no cure but to be annihilated,’’ we must approach any deal with the utmost scrutiny. That is why I urge the immediate passage of this important legislation. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington State (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ). 
(Mr. M CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, none 
of us want nuclear weapons in Iran; and while the White House may regard this bill as the least harmful option offered by a persistently intractable Con-gress—a Congress that has sought to derail all of his efforts in the past—I cannot and will not support this par-ticular piece of legislation. 
Of all of President Obama’s foreign 
policy objectives, this is the boldest and the one that could have a meaning-ful impact on regional and global sta-bility. The option of war or of increas-ing the sanctions simply has run its course. The time has come for diplo-macy. The framework that the admin-
istration has presented to us is fair and smart. It is a good deal, one that guar-antees a world safe from the threat of Iranian nuclear weapons. 
We all await the details. All of this 
argument out here is about people who are sure of what the details are going to be. That is why this is not the time to be passing this legislation. President Obama, Secretary Kerry, and our part-ners—and don’t forget that this is an historic thing in that we have partners of the P5+1. They deserve immense credit in their determination and com-mitment to a diplomatic solution to, arguably, the most dangerous and com-plex foreign policy challenge of our time. 
We need to give the President and 
the negotiators the time they need. The time for us to make decisions 
about what happens about the sanc-tions will come to this floor. There is no question about it. We don’t need to pass a bill saying we don’t like what the President is doing. We ought to be grateful for the tenacity with which he has persisted in this diplomatic effort. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), the chair-
man of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I very much 
thank the chairman for his leadership on our committee. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill serves as a re-
minder of the unanswered questions surrounding the nuclear negotiations with Iran. 
We know Iran can’t be trusted. Ev-
erything we have seen from Iran since 1979 shows that the regime is willing to lie, to cheat, to obfuscate to achieve its agenda, and part of that agenda is to attack and to undermine the United States and our regional interests. 
Can we verify Iran’s compliance? No, because Iran controls the access 
of the IAEA to its sites. Iran hasn’t even come clean on its possible mili-tary dimension of its nuclear program yet. The regime is also likely to get a $50 billion signing bonus, when a deal is signed, in exchange for nothing. 
What will Iran do with that money, 
Mr. Speaker? 
It will continue to support terror 
around the globe, stoke sectarian vio-lence as we have seen all over the Mid-dle East, repress its own citizens, and, just today, five Iranian boats fired shots across the bow of a Singapore- flagged cargo vessel in the gulf. 
Can we have snapback sanctions? Oh, 
please, the idea is laughable at best. 
According to reports, China and Rus-
sia have stated that there will not be any automatic snapback sanctions whatsoever to reimpose on Iran even if the regime is caught in violation. 
Once again, the Obama administra-
tion is playing a game of smoke and mirrors to get this deal finalized and to cement a legacy that the President has been seeking since he entered office. The deal is dangerous and will only jeopardize our national security. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), 
the ranking member on the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee and a very valued member of the For-eign Affairs Committee. 
b1315 
Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support 
of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. When it comes to the security of our Nation and our partners around the world, the American people deserve a voice, but when Congress is unable to review or respond to policies of great consequence, like a potential nuclear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.029 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2980 May 14, 2015 
deal with Iran, the American people 
have no voice. 
In recent days, we have heard an-
other debate about another major international agreement also nego-tiated in secret, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Why do I bring that up in this context? Well, some of my col-leagues who oppose this critical legis-lation have serious concerns about TPA and TPP. I share those concerns. I oppose fast-tracking TPP without the details on protecting jobs and workers and the environment and consumers and without any chance at making changes. 
Likewise, today, I ask my colleagues 
to acknowledge and respect my con-cerns about approving a deal today with Iran when too many questions re-main unanswered. On matters of na-tional and international security, bul-let points in a framework just won’t do. Before Iran gains access to billions of dollars in frozen assets, I want the details. I want details on conditions for sanctions relief and access to military sites and unannounced inspections, and you should, too. No one here knows what a final deal would look like or even if we will get one, but I know you agree that, if we do, Congress should get to review the terms. 
On behalf of our constituents, Con-
gress must have a say. I urge my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding and also for his tremendous leadership on this very important issue. Also, I want to thank our rank-ing member, Mr. E
NGEL , and Chairman 
ROYCE for their leadership on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs and for all of the bipartisan work that you have done over the years together. 
The poison pills have been taken out 
of this bill by the other body, and I still have concerns about the timing and effect of considering this legisla-tion, but the President believes that this legislation, as written, will not un-dermine the administration’s efforts. All of us have the same goal, and that is to prevent Iran from acquiring a nu-clear weapon. 
As negotiations over Iran’s nuclear 
program enter a critical phase, Con-gress must give the President and our negotiators the space they need to suc-ceed, and with the announcement of a framework agreement last month, we are closer to a strong and verifiable agreement between the P5+1 countries and Iran. 
H.R. 1191 would require that Congress 
be given an opportunity to review any final agreement on Iran’s nuclear pro-gram before the President can waive or suspend any sanctions. Supporters of this bill argue that they simply want to ensure congressional oversight of any final international agreement, and of course we all believe that there is a role for that, but we know that since negotiations began, there have been 
countless initiatives by Congress to purposely and deliberately thwart the success of a final deal. 
Any efforts to undermine the nego-
tiations or a final deal with Iran over its nuclear program will not make us safer, and it will not stop Iran from de-veloping a nuclear weapon. In fact, it will do just the opposite. 
Negotiations with Iran have already 
led to a first-step agreement that has significantly reduced Iran’s nuclear stockpile and their ability to create a nuclear weapon. Without these nego-tiations and the current framework agreement, Iran’s nuclear program would be unmonitored and unre-strained. Continued negotiations re-main the best route to ensuring na-tional and regional security while pre-venting us from going back on the path to a confrontation with Iran. 
A deal with Iran has the support of 
the majority of the American people. An April ABC-Washington Post poll found that Americans by a nearly 2–1 margin support striking a deal with Iran that restricts the nation’s nuclear program in exchange for loosening sanctions. We simply cannot afford the alternative to the negotiations, and the alternative to the negotiations, I believe, is war with Iran. 
Instead of taking actions to under-
mine our President and international negotiators as they work to secure a final deal, Congress should be working to ensure their success. Now, let’s hope that this bill does that. I hope that this Congress does not use passage of this bill as a cynical ploy to set up a vote against any final deal should there be a deal, one that prevents Iran from ac-quiring a nuclear weapon. Simply put, diplomacy is the best way to cut off any potential pathway to an Iranian nuclear weapon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. ELLISON. May I ask how much 
time I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota has 8 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ELLISON. I yield an additional 
30 seconds to the gentlewoman from California. 
Ms. LEE. I will conclude by just say-
ing in 2013 I introduced legislation call-ing for an end to the no contact policy with Iran and calling for a diplomatic initiative. I am convinced that that is the only way to ensure regional sta-bility. Let’s hope that the President’s legacy does include preventing a war with Iran. What a great legacy to leave for the world. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a member of the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of this legislation. I want to thank Mr. R
OYCE from California for 
his leadership on this issue as chair-man of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, as well as Mr. E
NGEL from New 
York for his leadership as the ranking member. 
Americans want to know what is in 
an Iran nuclear deal. They want their Representatives in Congress to debate it. If facts come out that it turns out that this is a bad deal, which many are concerned we are on that pace for, they want Congress to reject it. I have had colleagues just now listening to those speaking in opposition talking about a nuclear framework agreement that was announced last month, people saying it is a good deal. There is no framework agreement. 
The President released a fact sheet, 
and within 24 hours the Iranian For-eign Minister went on his Twitter feed saying it was just spin, the Ayatollah chanting ‘‘death to America’’ on the streets of Iran, saying that that fact sheet was just spin. 
In order to have a deal to reach an 
agreement, both sides need to agree. The message to the colleagues today, I mean, this vote matters, but the work is not over. The tough work, the tough votes are still ahead. 
Let’s talk about what is not even 
part of the negotiations: Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism, work to over-throw foreign governments, develop-ment of ICBMs, pledging to wipe Israel off the map, chanting ‘‘death to Amer-ica’’ on the streets, unjustly impris-oning United States citizens. That is not even part of the deal. That is not even part of the negotiations. 
I want to read it. My constituents 
want to read a deal in English. They want to know that it is accurately translated, and the Iranians are read-ing their deal the same way that we are. If there is no agreement on specific terms, is there broad, vague language being used so that both sides can spin whatever they want to interpret this deal is for whatever best serves their own domestic politics? 
We are elected to represent our con-
stituents, and they are concerned about the direction of this deal. I have grave concerns. I feel like it is on pace to trigger a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I thank the chairman, again, for his ef-fort on this. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), a very respected member of 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in support of the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and I want to remind everyone why it is so important that we prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear state. Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism supporting Hamas, Hezbollah, and the brutal crackdown in Syria. Iran’s efforts to expand its influ-ence is destabilizing Iraq, Lebanon, and now Yemen. 
The Iran regime systematically vio-
lates its own citizens’ basic rights and, as terrifying, has the potential for nu-clear proliferation. If Iran becomes a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.031 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2981 May 14, 2015 
nuclear state, we will see a regional 
race for the bomb spreading the world’s most dangerous weapons through the world’s most unstable region. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress played a crit-
ical role in bringing Iran to the negoti-ating table. Iran cannot be trusted, and Congress must continue to be vigilant. 
Mr. ROYCE. I reserve the balance of 
my time, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank my colleague from Minnesota and rise today in cautious support of this legislation. 
Our nuclear negotiators, with the co-
operation of a fragile coalition of long-standing allies and new partners, have made historic progress toward pre-venting Iran from developing a nuclear weapon, a critical foreign policy imper-ative for our country. 
We must continue to give diplomacy 
a chance and allow our negotiators to build on the framework agreement they negotiated earlier this spring. 
Many of our colleagues in the House 
of Representatives agree, Mr. Speaker. Just last week, Congresswoman S
CHA-
KOWSKY , Congressman D OGGETT , and I 
sent a letter to the President urging persistence in negotiations, a letter that was signed by 148 of our col-leagues. 
Diplomacy isn’t just the best way of 
preventing a nuclear-armed Iran; it is the only way. Opponents of the Presi-dent’s efforts have yet to provide a sin-gle viable alternative to diplomacy short of military action, and military action, defense experts tell us, would only delay nuclear development for a few years. 
While I can understand why some 
Members of the House and Senate in-sisted upon congressional review of a final deal with such historic implica-tions, I have strongly refused to sup-port legislation or other congressional 
intervention that was likely to drive Iran from the negotiating table or to alienate our international partners. We must not set impossible goals for these negotiations or insist that every out-standing issue our country has with Iran be resolved before the core nuclear issue can be addressed. 
The bill before us, which is a product 
of a thoughtful compromise between Senator C
ORKER and Senator C ARDIN , 
Republicans and Democrats, does none of these harmful things. It is free of riders designed to undermine the nego-tiations, and it provides a reasonable path forward that allows for Congress to weigh in on a final deal without set-ting it up for failure. 
So I rise in cautious support of this 
bill because I believe it clears the way for the President’s negotiators to do their job, to work with our inter-national partners to secure a com-prehensive, verifiable nuclear agree-ment that will prevent Iran from devel-oping a nuclear weapon and thereby will make the world a safer place. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD), a member of the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank Chairman R OYCE for his leader-
ship and Ranking Member E NGEL for 
his leadership as well. 
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Speaker, I 
believe the greatest threat we have to our own national security here is a nu-clear-armed Iran, an entity that has said time and again that they want to wipe Israel off the face of the map, that they want to drive them into the sea, that they are the Little Satan, which naturally begs the question, Mr. Speaker, as to who is the Big Satan, and it is the United States of America. 
This is a framework, the framework 
that has been announced, the one that Iran basically said, We didn’t think that was the framework. The chants of ‘‘death to America.’’ What they said is that they have to take all the sanc-tions off immediately upon the signa-ture of a deal and that the IAEA will not be granted access to inspect facili-ties that are military facilities. Well, frankly, that is not a deal. I recognize that is a framework. 
What we are debating today is really 
talking about Congress having the abil-ity to say: Is this a deal that we can live with or is it not? Because, frankly, leaving Iran as a nuclear threshold state is not going to be a deal. What we 
are going to be debating today is, in es-sence, just allowing us to be able to take the next vote. That is the impor-tant one. 
Madam Speaker, this is not left 
versus right. This isn’t about Repub-licans and Democrats. This is about right versus wrong. This is about mak-ing sure that we do this right. If we don’t do this right, if Iran is set for a path to a nuclear weapon, it is going to set an arms race in a dangerous neigh-borhood that will be devastating for peace and security around the globe. This is one where we are going to join hands together as a nation to make sure that the safety and security of the world is what we are going to put first and foremost. 
Madam Speaker, I just got back from 
Israel. I had the opportunity to speak with people on multiple sides. To the person, they are all united behind the idea that a nuclear-armed Iran is unac-ceptable and that this will be a bad deal. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on this piece of legislation to allow us to have the opportunity to take a look at this deal to move for-ward. With that, I sincerely hope that this is a bipartisan effort. 
b1330 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN), the ranking member of the Sub-
committee on Asia and the Pacific of the Foreign Affairs Committee. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Madam Speaker, I 
will yield to Chairman R
OYCE for a col-loquy, and I will ask him the following 
questions. 
As I read this bill, if Congress does 
not enact a Joint Resolution of Dis-approval, that failure to enact a Reso-lution of Disapproval cannot be read as Congress approving an agreement. 
As I read the bill, if Congress does 
not enact a Resolution of Disapproval, the sole effect of that is to continue current statutes so that the President would retain his authority to provide sanctions relief. 
Do you agree? Mr. ROYCE. That is correct, Mr. 
S
HERMAN . I see no way that a failure to 
override a Presidential veto or other-wise enact a joint resolution of dis-approval would be construed as Con-gress approving a bad Iran deal. It would be that the Congress didn’t have a supermajority of votes to stop the President from exercising the consider-able leeway he has for the sanctions that are in place. 
I would also remind the gentleman 
that this bill gives us the chance to have that vote. Otherwise, the Presi-dent could act to waive sanctions the day after a deal is struck. 
And if people are really worried 
about congressional intent being mis-construed, we always have the ability to make our intent crystal clear by passing a resolution or concurrent res-olution, which are not subject to Presi-dential presentment or veto. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the gen-
tleman for his clarification. 
If this deal is signed, I do not think 
that Congress will enact a Resolution of Disapproval over the President’s veto—maybe not even vote for it on the floor. It is even less likely that Con-gress will enact a Resolution of Ap-proval. 
So we will be in a situation where 
Congress will not have acted, and as the chairman points out, Congress would not have approved this agree-ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
B
LACK ). The time of the gentleman has 
expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman 
from California an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the President 
signs an agreement, Iran will get cer-tain benefits and certain funds will be made available to them. At the same time, Iran will ship its stockpiles out of the country—or a substantial por-tion of them—decommission some cen-trifuges, and thereby delay its effort to get a nuclear weapon. 
That means in 2017, and every year 
thereafter, future Congresses and fu-ture Presidents will have to determine what American policy is. We would be free to demand a renegotiation of the agreement, or to simply continue it in force. A President could reactivate sanctions, or continue to waive them. Congress could enact new sanctions, or repeal existing sanctions. 
All options will be on the table in the 
years to come. And the only thing I am certain of is that we will be on this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.032 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2982 May 14, 2015 
floor debating Iran and its nuclear pro-
gram for many years to come. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
The measure we are debating today is 
much better, through the hard work of Senators Corker and Cardin, and I ap-preciate their efforts to deescalate the conversation. I fear it is the wrong message at the wrong time. There are no good alternatives to letting nego-tiators prevent a nuclear-armed Iran. 
Now, Congress seldom advances di-
plomacy. Usually, we politicize issues, playing to the bleachers. Our judgment is often suspect: the record from ignor-ing the lead up to World War II; misjudgments on Vietnam; the reckless rush into the war in Iraq; even main-taining a foolish policy regarding Cuba, until the President exercised leader-ship lately. 
There is no good reason to interfere 
now with what the P5+1 have done, making unprecedented progress— progress we wouldn’t have imagined 2 or 3 years ago. They did so using a uni-fied force with these six countries, using the tools of the sanctions that we could not have imposed unilaterally. And we don’t want to lose the leverage of those allies. 
Now, I am painfully aware of the 
issues with Iran. It is troubling, a num-ber of their activities. It is also ironic that our interests are aligned in some areas. And I will never forget on 9/11 there were demonstrations of support for America in Tehran. The Iranian people actually like Americans, their leaders do not—and that is why work-ing forward to make this historic agreement a reality could be an impor-tant pivot point for the troubled rela-tionships between our countries. 
Make no mistake, there are hard-lin-
ers in Iran, just as there are hard-liners in the United States, who want to blow this agreement up. But I have been im-pressed, taking advantage of offers from the White House for numerous briefings on this issue, reviewing the materials, that we have made tremen-dous progress. We shouldn’t complicate it. 
As my friends have referenced here, 
there is no good alternative to a nego-tiated agreement with Iran. It is the only way we can prevent them from getting nuclear weapons. 
A reckless rush to war, which some 
people hinted at, others would wel-come, would not stop their ultimate acquisition of nuclear weapons. It is very likely to accelerate it. And to imagine going back into that area, fighting a country with a population that is larger than Iraq and Afghani-stan combined—over a huge area— would be devastating. 
Let’s stay the course. Let’s be pa-
tient. Let’s try to constrain congres-sional interference. 
Mr. ROYCE. I continue to reserve the 
balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In closing, let me first say I appre-
ciate the thoughtfulness that I have heard during this debate from all sides. And I think that is really Congress at its best. I am proud to be a Member of Congress when I hear debates like this. 
This legislation was negotiated very 
carefully to ensure that Iran would hear a unified and bipartisan message from Congress. Why is this important? It was Congress’ work with the layers and layers of sanctions. And Mr. R
OYCE  
has been my partner from day one. We have worked together so hard on sanc-tions and speaking with a unified voice in the Foreign Affairs Committee, and we have tried so hard to make the For-eign Affairs Committee the most bipar-tisan committee of Congress because foreign policy should be bipartisan. And what I have heard today from all across the aisle here is bipartisanship. And it is a good feeling. But it was Congress’ work—the layers and layers of sanctions—that brought Iran to its knees and compelled Iran to come to the negotiating table. 
I believe that it will be the threat of 
congressional action that will compel Iran to make the tough choices in these negotiations. But this congres-sional action must be bipartisan. Iran must not be able to dismiss a bill as a partisan stunt. 
Congress must speak with a unified 
voice. We are stronger when we are unified. We are stronger when we act in a bipartisan manner. The international community followed our lead on Iran when we were unified. Iran came to the negotiating table when we were uni-fied. And this vote should be no dif-ferent: no poison pills, no extraneous messaging items that could torpedo this carefully crafted bill. Let’s get this bill to the President’s desk with a single voice. 
Again, I want to repeat some of my 
trepidation. The fact that Iran was al-lowed to enrich uranium all these months and months of talking I think was a mistake. The fact that we are talking only with Iran about their nu-clear program, not about their support for terrorism, not about Americans held in Iranian prisons, not about their ballistic weapons, not about their mis-chief in Iran, not about their support for international terrorism, not about their support for Hezbollah and Hamas, not about their threats of death to Israel and death to America, I think is a mistake. 
But I do think negotiations are im-
portant, so I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for this very, very sensible bipartisan piece of legislation. Let’s get this bill to the President’s desk with a single voice. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In closing, I want to thank the rank-
ing member and the chairman for this considered debate. I will say that I do believe that this is a big deal. It is im-
portant that we debate this. I respect the position that I have heard here today, but ultimately I don’t think what we are doing is necessary, and I don’t believe it will help enhance peace for the United States or the world. 
I think the things that we need are 
already in place, which is our right to have hearings on anything we want, the role we will have to play to remove any sanctions if we are satisfied, and the fact that we don’t have to if we are not. We have the cards. We do not have to choke this deal in the crib, which is what I think this particular bill threat-ens. 
Now, let me say there is nothing new, 
Madam Speaker, about what the Presi-dent is doing here. I have a list of ex-amples that very closely correlate to the President’s effort to negotiate a nuclear deal with Iran: the Helsinki Act in 1975, the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 1975, and the Australia Group in 1985. I don’t have time to go into what all these things are, but I can say there are a number of situations where Presidents, Republican and Democrat, have used their authority to negotiate agreements with other countries in which Congress did not have to try to intervene. 
Let me also point out that this situa-
tion that we are in, where we have had the framework agreement and now we are hoping to get a full agreement, I am hopeful and optimistic it will be something that is good and meaning-ful. So far, so good, in my opinion. 
But I just want to remind everybody 
that the framework deal that has been struck already between the P5+1 in Iran would destroy about 14,000 cen-trifuges. That is what we are talking about here. Iran would destroy 97 per-cent of its uranium. That is 97 percent. Iran will have zero military nuclear ca-pability. 
We are at a historic moment that one 
keeps Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, and we need to support this ef-fort. I intend to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As we have heard today, Iran’s rush 
to a nuclear weapon is a mortal threat to the United States and to our allies. And when I say it is a threat, consider for a minute the fact that Iran has, with its Quds forces, forces right now in Lebanon. It has forces in Syria. It has forces in Iraq. Its forces have just helped lead a militia to topple the gov-ernment in Yemen, a government that was our ally. So that is the type of re-gime that we are talking about. 
Just weeks ago, it was reported that 
Iran was passing tens of millions of dollars to Hamas. But they gave a rea-son. It was to rebuild the three dozen or so tunnels that were built under-neath Israel so that Hamas could con-duct attacks to try to capture hostages and take them back into Gaza. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.036 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2983 May 14, 2015 
b1345 
The reason for the strategy is pretty 
clear. That kind of strategy would en-sure that our ally Israel would have to fight block by block by block to get captives back. The one that I was in with Mr. E
NGEL was not far from where 
it came up close to a nursery school. 
This is the reality of the type of re-
gime we are dealing with. It is not just transferring the money. It is also transferring the new rockets and the new missiles to Hamas. 
Why were they doing that? Because 
they said the inventory is low because of the rockets fired off—this is the re-ality of the types of intentions that this regime has. Many times, they tele-graph those intentions. When they are yelling, ‘‘Death to the Great Satan, death to the little Satan,’’ it is not as though they are not telling us the Aya-tollah’s intent. He is, after all, the Su-preme Leader here. 
Iran’s support of terrorism and desta-
bilization in the region will be far more intense, frankly, if it possesses a nu-clear weapon or, indeed, if it had undetectable nuclear breakout capa-bility. 
The stakes could not be higher. That 
is why we need a good agreement, and I hope that all the Members support this legislation. It may not be a perfect bill, but it is a good bill. It is an impor-tant and responsible response to an ad-ministration that otherwise would shut out Congress. 
I am sorry it took the White House 
so long to embrace it. Weeks ago, the White House was issuing veto threats and pushing back hard. Were it to pass, it would be the end of diplomacy as we know it, they said at the time. Now, they are on board, and it is good that they are on board. 
With this legislation in place—and 
this is the great upside—Congress will be in a much better position to judge any final agreement that the President strikes with Iran, and I believe that our diplomacy will have a better shot because of it. 
Instead of Iranian negotiators know-
ing that they can wear down the ad-ministration, this now injects Congress as an important backstop. It gives us leverage to address these issues like what we discussed today, to address the issue of: Will our inspectors, the international inspectors, have the right to go on military bases? 
Let me tell you, I was part of the 1994 
framework agreement, and the con-sequences of not getting the ability of weapons inspectors, international in-spectors, to go on to military bases, not having that right to go anywhere, anytime, had profound consequences. It is why we are dealing with North Korea having the weapon today that they possess. 
We should not repeat that error. U.S. 
diplomats should now head to the nego-tiating table with a stronger hand. They should work for a credible deal, a verifiable deal, and then present it to Congress to be judged. That is only ap-propriate, given the incredible con-
sequences for the region, for our allies, and for the national security of the United States. 
I urge the passage of this legislation. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ments to the bill, H.R. 1191. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HEZBOLLAH INTERNATIONAL FI-
NANCING PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2297) to prevent Hezbollah and as-sociated entities from gaining access to international financial and other in-stitutions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2297 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-
TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Hezbollah International Financing Pre-vention Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Statement of policy. 
TITLE I—PREVENTION OF ACCESS BY 
HEZBOLLAH TO INTERNATIONAL FI-NANCIAL AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS 
Sec. 101. Briefing on imposition of sanctions 
on certain satellite providers that carry al-Manar TV. 
Sec. 102. Sanctions with respect to financial 
institutions that engage in cer-tain transactions. 
TITLE II—REPORTS ON DESIGNATION OF 
HEZBOLLAH AS A SIGNIFICANT FOR-EIGN NARCOTICS TRAFFICKER AND A SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMI-NAL ORGANIZATION 
Sec. 201. Report on designation of Hezbollah 
as a significant foreign nar-cotics trafficker. 
Sec. 202. Report on designation of Hezbollah 
as a significant transnational criminal organization. 
Sec. 203. Rewards for Justice and 
Hezbollah’s fundraising, financ-ing, and money laundering ac-tivities. 
Sec. 204. Report on activities of foreign gov-
ernments to disrupt global lo-gistics networks and fund-raising, financing, and money laundering activities of Hezbollah. 
Sec. 205. Appropriate congressional commit-
tees defined. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 301. Rule of construction. 
Sec. 302. Regulatory authority. Sec. 303. Termination. 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States 
to— 
(1) prevent Hezbollah’s global logistics and 
financial network from operating in order to curtail funding of its domestic and inter-national activities; and 
(2) utilize all available diplomatic, legisla-
tive, and executive avenues to combat the global criminal activities of Hezbollah as a means to block that organization’s ability to fund its global terrorist activities. 
TITLE I—PREVENTION OF ACCESS BY 
HEZBOLLAH TO INTERNATIONAL FINAN-CIAL AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS 
SEC. 101. BRIEFING ON IMPOSITION OF SANC-
TIONS ON CERTAIN SATELLITE PRO-VIDERS THAT CARRY AL-MANAR TV. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act and annually there-after, the Secretary of State shall provide to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a briefing on the following: 
(1) The activities of all satellite, broadcast, 
Internet, or other providers that knowingly provide material support to al-Manar TV, and any affiliates or successors thereof. 
(2) With respect to all providers described 
in paragraph (1)— 
(A) an identification of those providers 
that have been sanctioned pursuant to Exec-utive Order No. 13224 (September 23, 2001); and 
(B) an identification of those providers 
that have not been sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 and, with respect to each such provider, the reason why sanc-tions have not been imposed. 
SEC. 102. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FINAN-
CIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS AND CONDITIONS WITHRE-
SPECT TO CERTAIN ACCOUNTS HELD BY FOR-
EIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the heads of other applica-ble departments and agencies, shall prohibit, or impose strict conditions on, the opening or maintaining in the United States of a cor-respondent account or a payable-through ac-count by a foreign financial institution that the Secretary determines, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, engages in an activity described in paragraph (2). 
(2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—A foreign finan-
cial institution engages in an activity de-scribed in this paragraph if the foreign finan-cial institution— 
(A) knowingly facilitates a significant 
transaction or transactions for Hezbollah; 
(B) knowingly facilitates a significant 
transaction or transactions of a person des-ignated for acting on behalf of or at the di-rection of, or owned or controlled by, Hezbollah; 
(C) knowingly engages in money laun-
dering to carry out an activity described in subparagraph (A) or (B); 
(D) knowingly facilitates a significant 
transaction or transactions or provides sig-nificant financial services to carry out an ac-tivity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C), including— 
(i) facilitating a significant transaction or 
transactions; or 
(ii) providing significant financial services 
that involve a transaction of covered goods; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.040 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2984 May 14, 2015 
(E)(i) knowingly facilitates, or participates 
or assists in, an activity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), (C), or (D), including by acting on behalf of, at the direction of, or as an intermediary for, or otherwise assisting, another person with respect to the activity described in any such subparagraph; 
(ii) knowingly attempts or conspires to fa-
cilitate or participate in an activity de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D); or 
(iii) is owned or controlled by a foreign fi-
nancial institution that the Secretary finds knowingly engages in an activity described in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D). 
(3) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for 
in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions prescribed under paragraph (4) of this subsection to the same extent that such pen-alties apply to a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of such section 206(a). 
(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall prescribe and implement reg-ulations to carry out this subsection. 
(b) W
AIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State and in consultation with the heads of other applicable departments and agencies, may waive, on a case-by-case basis, the application of a prohibition or condition imposed with respect to a foreign financial institution pursuant to subsection (a) for a period of not more than 180 days, and may renew such waiver for additional periods of not more than 180 days, on and after the date that the Secretary of the Treasury, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State— 
(A) determines that such a waiver is in the 
national security interests of the United States; and 
(B) submits to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report describing the reasons for such determination. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1)(B) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. 
(c) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO FOREIGN FI-
NANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than 45 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— 
(A) identifies each foreign central bank 
that the Secretary determines engages in one or more activities described in sub-section (a)(2)(D); and 
(B) provides a detailed description of each 
such activity. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE TO ALLOW FOR TERMI -
NATION OF SANCTIONABLE ACTIVITY .—The Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall not be required to apply sanctions to a foreign financial in-stitution described in subsection (a) if the Secretary, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State and in consultation with the heads of other applicable departments and agencies, certifies in writing to the appro-priate congressional committees that— 
(A) such foreign financial institution— (i) is no longer engaging in the activity de-
scribed in subsection (a)(2); or 
(ii) has taken and is continuing to take 
significant verifiable steps toward termi-nating the activity described in such sub-section; and 
(B) the Secretary has received reliable as-
surances from the government with primary jurisdiction over such foreign financial insti-tution that such foreign financial institution will not engage in any activity described in 
such subsection in the future. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section: 
(A) A CCOUNT ; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; 
PAYABLE -THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘‘ac-
count’’, ‘‘correspondent account’’, and ‘‘pay-able-through account’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. 
(B) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(i) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
(ii) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
(C) C
OVERED GOODS .—The term ‘‘covered 
goods’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1027.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(D) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘fi-
nancial institution’’ means a financial insti-tution specified in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), (J), (K), (M), (N), (P), (R), (T), (Y), or (Z) of section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code. 
(E) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ; DOMES -
TIC FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .— 
(i) F OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning of such term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, and in-cludes a foreign central bank. 
(ii) D
OMESTIC FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘‘domestic financial institution’’ has the meaning of such term as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(F) H
EZBOLLAH .—The term ‘‘Hezbollah’’ 
means— 
(i) any person— (I) the property of or interests in property 
of which are blocked pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
(II) who is identified on the list of specially 
designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury as an agent, instrumentality, or affiliate of Hezbollah; and 
(ii) the entity designated by the Secretary 
of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
(G) M
ONEY LAUNDERING .—The term ‘‘money 
laundering’’ means any of the activities de-scribed in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of section 1956(a) of title 18, United States Code, with respect to which penalties may be imposed pursuant to such section. 
(2) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—The Secretary of 
the Treasury may further define the terms used in this section in the regulations pre-scribed under this section. 
TITLE II—REPORTS ON DESIGNATION OF 
HEZBOLLAH AS A SIGNIFICANT FOR-EIGN NARCOTICS TRAFFICKER AND A SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMI-NAL ORGANIZATION 
SEC. 201. REPORT ON DESIGNATION OF 
HEZBOLLAH AS A SIGNIFICANT FOR-EIGN NARCOTICS TRAFFICKER. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a de-tailed report on whether Hezbollah meets the criteria for designation under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) as a significant foreign narcotics trafficker, and if the President determines that Hezbollah does not meet such criteria, a detailed justification as to which criteria have not been met. (b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall be transmitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 202. REPORT ON DESIGNATION OF 
HEZBOLLAH AS A SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANI-ZATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Hezbollah meets the criteria for des-
ignation as a significant transnational criminal organization under Executive Order No. 13581 (76 Fed. Reg. 44757); and 
(2) the President should so designate 
Hezbollah as a significant transnational criminal organization. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a detailed report on whether the Hezbollah meets the criteria for designation as a significant transnational criminal organization under Executive Order No. 13581 (76 Fed. Reg. 44757), and if the President determines that Hezbollah does not meet such criteria, a de-tailed justification as to which criteria have not been met. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be transmitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 203. REWARDS FOR JUSTICE AND 
HEZBOLLAH’S FUNDRAISING, FI-NANCING, AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that details actions taken by the Depart-ment of State through the Department of State rewards program under section 36 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act (22 U.S.C. 2708) to obtain information on fundraising, financing, and money laun-dering activities of Hezbollah and its agents and affiliates. 
(b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act and an-nually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of the actions described in subsection (a). 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 204. REPORT ON ACTIVITIES OF FOREIGN 
GOVERNMENTS TO DISRUPT GLOB-AL LOGISTICS NETWORKS AND FUNDRAISING, FINANCING, AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES OF HEZBOLLAH. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that includes— 
(A) a list of countries that support 
Hezbollah, or in which Hezbollah maintains important portions of its global logistics networks; 
(B) with respect to each country on the list 
required by subparagraph (A)— 
(i) an assessment of whether the govern-
ment of such country is taking adequate measures to disrupt the global logistics net-works of Hezbollah within the territory of such country; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.006 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2985 May 14, 2015 
(ii) in the case of a country the govern-
ment of which is not taking adequate meas-ures to disrupt such networks— 
(I) an assessment of the reasons such gov-
ernment is not taking such adequate meas-ures; and 
(II) a description of measures being taken 
by the United States to encourage such gov-ernment to improve measures to disrupt such networks; 
(C) a list of countries in which Hezbollah, 
or any of its agents or affiliates, conducts significant fundraising, financing, or money laundering activities; 
(D) with respect to each country on the list 
required by subparagraph (C)— 
(i) an assessment of whether the govern-
ment of such country is taking adequate measures to disrupt the fundraising, financ-ing, or money laundering activities of Hezbollah and its agents and affiliates with-in the territory of such country; and 
(ii) in the case of a country the govern-
ment of which is not taking adequate meas-ures to disrupt such activities— 
(I) an assessment of the reasons such gov-
ernment is not taking such adequate meas-ures; and 
(II) a description of measures being taken 
by the United States to encourage such gov-ernment to improve measures to disrupt such activities; and 
(E) a list of methods that Hezbollah, or any 
of its agents or affiliates, utilizes to raise or transfer funds, including trade-based money laundering, the use of foreign exchange houses, and free-trade zones. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, and may contain a classified annex. 
(3) G
LOBAL LOGISTICS NETWORKS OF  
HEZBOLLAH .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘global logistics networks of Hezbollah’’, ‘‘global logistics networks’’, or ‘‘networks’’ means financial, material, or technological support for, or financial or other services in support of, Hezbollah. 
(b) B
RIEFING ON HEZBOLLAH ’SASSETS AND  
ACTIVITIES RELATED TO FUNDRAISING , F I-
NANCING , AND MONEY LAUNDERING WORLD -
WIDE.—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the heads (or their designees) of other applicable Federal departments and agencies shall provide to 
the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the disposition of Hezbollah’s as-sets and activities related to fundraising, fi-nancing, and money laundering worldwide. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 205. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEES DEFINED. 
Except as otherwise provided, in this title, 
the term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Finance, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or any amendment 
made by this Act shall apply to the author-ized intelligence activities of the United States. 
SEC. 302. REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, not 
later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, promulgate regulations as necessary for the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not less 
than 10 days before the promulgation of reg-ulations under subsection (a), the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees (as such term is defined in sec-tion 203) of the proposed regulations and the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act that the regulations are implementing. 
SEC. 303. TERMINATION. 
This Act shall terminate on the date that 
is 30 days after the date on which the Presi-dent certifies to Congress that Hezbollah— 
(1) is no longer designated as a foreign ter-
rorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); 
(2) is no longer listed in the Annex to Exec-
utive Order No. 13224 (September 23, 2001; re-lating to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism); and 
(3) poses no significant threat to United 
States national security, interests, or allies. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material they might wish for the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in very strong 
support of this measure, and I want to especially thank the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. M
ARK MEADOWS , 
along with Mr. T EDDEUTCH of Florida 
and Ranking Member E LIOT ENGEL of 
New York for their bipartisan leader-ship on this critically important issue. 
Last July, the House passed legisla-
tion by a vote of 404–0. This was the bill that was passed by that measure, with a few tweaks, but 404–0. Unfortunately, the other body, the Senate, failed to take it up. The threat posed by Hezbollah and other Iranian proxies has only expanded since then, and now, Hezbollah is ascendant in the region. 
Consider, now, Hezbollah’s arsenal 
aimed at Israel; that arsenal has ex-ploded. I was in Haifa in 2006 as Hezbollah’s rockets rained down on that city, targeting civilian neighbor-hoods. Those Iranian and Syrian-made rockets were slamming into people’s homes, and they were being targeted, 
and the hospital also was being tar-geted. Every rocket contained 90,000 ball bearings. The only intent was mass killing and maiming. 
In the Rambam trauma hospital, I 
talked to many of the victims. There were 600 victims of these rockets in there, and that was nearly 10 years ago. At that time, Hezbollah started that effort with about 15,000 rockets at their disposal, and they fired close to 5,000 at civilian targets. That was their work. 
Hezbollah has expanded its arsenal in 
size and in sophistication. By the way, it has been done at the behest of Iran. They have given these new rockets, with longer range, to Hezbollah. Now, they have an arsenal; the estimate is some 100,000 unguided rockets. It has also expanded its arsenal to include the sophisticated antiship and antiaircraft missiles and ground-to-ground rockets. 
Hezbollah has been able to expand 
both its arsenal and activities, with Iranian backing, and its long-estab-lished worldwide network of members and supporters and sympathizers to provide this terrorist group financial and logistical and military and other types of support. 
To cut the international support and 
reach of Hezbollah, to deny it the funds needed for its terrorist activities, we must effectively target its financial network. That is the goal of the Hezbollah International Financing Pre-vention Act of 2015. 
This bill builds on the existing sanc-
tions regime by placing Hezbollah’s sources of financing under additional scrutiny, particularly those resources outside of Lebanon, given that many Lebanese banks have stepped up their game to prevent money laundering. 
In addition to targeting the terrorist 
organization’s diverse financial net-works, the legislation also requires the U.S. Government to focus on 
Hezbollah’s global logistics network and its transnational organized crimi-nal enterprises, including its vast drug smuggling operations. 
The goal is to improve coordination 
and cooperation with allies and other responsible countries in confronting the increasing threat posed by Hezbollah, and I strongly urge my col-leagues to support this critical meas-ure. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of H.R. 2297, the Hezbollah International Financing Pre-vention Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to 
begin by, once again, thanking Chair-man R
OYCE for his thoughtfulness, his 
intellect, his bipartisanship. I agree with everything he said in his opening statement. 
I want to also thank Representative 
D
EUTCH , Representative M EADOWS , and 
Representative M ENG for their hard 
work on this important legislation to sanction Hezbollah, Iran’s terrorist proxy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.006 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2986 May 14, 2015 
Over a decade ago, I introduced and 
Congress passed into law the Syria Ac-countability and Lebanese Sovereignty Restoration Act, which was designed to end Syrian support for terrorism, in-cluding Hezbollah. I was proud to have that bill pass both Houses of Congress and signed into law by then-President Bush. 
Now, Hezbollah is a more sophisti-
cated terrorist organization, but their goals remain the same. They continue to support Iran’s dangerous agenda throughout the region. 
They have tipped the Syrian civil 
war in favor of Assad. Assad would most likely be losing or out of power by now if not for the fact that Hezbollah has come in from Lebanon into Syria to aid Assad in his mur-derous treachery against his own peo-ple, where hundreds of thousands of in-nocent civilians have perished. 
He would not be in power today if it 
wasn’t for Iran and if it wasn’t for Iran’s proxy, Hezbollah, fighting that civil war. He would be losing that civil war. It is Hezbollah that has propped him up and caused him to be ahead in that war. 
When we debated the Corker-Cardin 
bill just before, I mentioned my con-cerns about a potential nuclear deal with Iran. At the top of their list is how sanctions relief will be handled and what Iran will do with a new influx of resources. 
Iran is the world’s leading state spon-
sor of terrorism. The Iranian Revolu-tionary Guard Corps and its Quds Force sow instability throughout the region. Perhaps the most destructive has been Iran’s support for Hezbollah. 
Hezbollah, again, has prevented the 
people of Lebanon from building a bet-ter future. Hezbollah’s support has al-lowed the Assad regime to cling to power, and Hezbollah has stockpiled tens of thousands of rockets on Israel’s front doorstep. 
What concerns me most is that Iran 
has been able to funnel resources to Hezbollah, despite the burden of the most crippling sanctions regime in his-tory. What is going to happen if that pressure is lifted? 
Well, we shouldn’t wait to find out. 
Congress must act now to impose stronger sanctions on Hezbollah. We should choke them off from their Ira-nian patrons. This bill would give the administration every tool it needs to confront this dangerous group. 
It would sanction foreign banks for 
knowingly doing business with Hezbollah. We need to send a clear mes-sage to companies getting tangled with this terrorist group: Walk away. Walk away, or face the consequences. 
The bill would also shine a bright 
light on Al-Manar, Hezbollah’s tele-vision station, itself a Specially Des-ignated Terrorist Group. Hezbollah uses Al-Manar for logistical, propa-ganda, and fundraising purposes. It de-fies reason that this station is still car-ried by the satellite providers all over the world. We need to expose this pup-pet organization and this dangerous or-
ganization for what it is. 
We passed this bill in the last Con-
gress by a vote of 404–0. Today, let’s take another stand against the vio-lence, murder, and terrorism that Hezbollah has sown in the region. It is time for an independent and free Leb-anon. It is time for an end to terror and for a transition in Syria, and it is time for the threats against Israel to end. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ), a member of 
the Foreign Affairs Committee, chair-man of the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Government Operations. 
He is also the author of the prior 
year’s legislation on this subject which passed with 404 votes, and he is a prin-cipal coauthor, along with Mr. T
ED 
DEUTCH , of this bill which we are bring-
ing up today. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for his kind words and for his leadership because we would not be here today without the great work of the chairman; the ranking member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL ; and my 
good friend from Florida, T EDDEUTCH , 
who has dropped everything to try to make sure that we address this critical issue. 
Because of the incredible Department 
of Defense and the military men and women that we have serving the great American interests, many Americans believe that the terrorist organizations are poorly organized, they are rogue operations, and some, most of them be-lieve that they are just thousands of miles away; yet terrorist organizations have been thriving for decades and have killed thousands of Americans. 
b1400 
These terrorists will be stopped one 
day, and hopefully today is the begin-ning of what we do to make sure that that happens. 
With the growth of technology and 
globalization, Hezbollah has become il-lusive and has found ways to raise mil-lions of dollars. You would think that it is just in some faraway place, but we find them as close as our own borders in this hemisphere and, indeed, in my home State of North Carolina. 
We must do all that we can to cripple 
Hezbollah and send a message to other terrorist organizations that the United States will not back down. We will pro-tect our people and our allies. We can do this today by enacting the Hezbollah International Financing Pre-vention Act. 
This is more important today than 
ever before because, as we discuss this particular potential deal with Iran, what we do know is that, as sanctions are relieved, that money will flow. And because the real leader and founder of this vicious terrorist organization is really the Iranian regime, we must act today, Madam Speaker, because we 
will save American lives, we will save allied lives, and we will stand with our greatest ally in the Middle East, Israel. 
So I want to close by, indeed, thank-
ing Chairman E
DROYCE for his willing-
ness to engage with our leadership and for their decision to bring this to the floor in a very expeditious manner. I thank Chairman T
OMPRICE of Georgia, 
Ms. G RACE MENG, Mr. L EEZELDIN , 
along with Ranking Member E LIOT 
ENGEL . 
I would also like to give a thank-you 
to the Lebanese bankers because many would believe that everybody there is involved in this. We had credible Leba-nese bankers who came in and said, ‘‘We want some help.’’ We want to make sure that the good actors are re-warded and the bad actors are put away. 
And finally, I would like to thank the 
staff that has worked incredibly hard— Matt Zweig, Ansley Rhyne, and Mira Resnick—from the Foreign Affairs Committee. They have worked very closely together to make this a good piece of legislation, one that will be a tool so that this administration can fi-nally put the boot on the throat of Hezbollah and all like-minded terror-ists. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
4 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), who 
is also the ranking member of the Mid-dle East and North Africa Sub-committee. 
Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of the bipartisan Hezbollah Inter-national Financing Prevention Act of 2015. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for 
their leadership on this critical piece of national security legislation. I espe-cially want to acknowledge the leader-ship of my friend from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) in championing this ef-
fort and diligently pushing to make sure that we have the opportunity to hear this important bill. And I want to thank Representatives M
ENG, ZELDIN , 
and T OMPRICE of Georgia for the key 
role that they have played in bringing this bill to the House floor. 
Since its inception in 1982, Hezbollah 
has attacked American citizens: in the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut in 1983, killing 63, including 17 Ameri-cans; in the U.S. Marine barracks bombing in October 1983, which killed 241 American and 58 French service-men; in the bombing of the U.S. Em-bassy annex in Beirut in 1984, which killed 24; in the hijacking of TWA flight 847 in 1985, in which a U.S. Navy diver was shot in the head and his body dumped on the tarmac; and in the Khobar Towers attack in Saudi Arabia in 1996 that killed 19 airmen. 
Hezbollah has been a U.S.-designated 
terrorist organization since 1997. And while it claims to be a resistance group, it is a very dangerous terrorist 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.042 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2987 May 14, 2015 
organization. It does not just attack 
Americans. It launches attacks not just on Israel. It attacks around the world. 
It is responsible for the 1992 Israeli 
Embassy bombing in Argentina, which killed 29, and the 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish center that killed 85 peo-ple. It attacked a busload of tourists in Bulgaria in 2012. And since 2008, at-tacks plotted by Hezbollah have been foiled in Cyprus, Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Turkey. 
In 2012, a Hezbollah plot to assas-
sinate the Ambassador of Saudi Arabia to the United States right here in a Washington, D.C., restaurant was un-covered. This attack, had it gone for-ward, would have resulted in innocent civilian deaths here in our Nation’s Capital. 
Madam Speaker, today Hezbollah is 
helping Bashar al Assad slaughter in-nocent civilians in Syria. Hezbollah’s fighters and operatives are on the ground in Syria, propping up the Assad regime as it drops barrel bombs on Syr-ian towns and uses chlorine gas on its own people. 
It is no secret that Hezbollah does 
Iran’s bidding. Backed by millions of dollars from Iran, Hezbollah is keeping Assad’s grip on power to preserve Iran’s lifeline to its proxy. 
This reign of terror must be stopped 
before it has the potential to become even stronger. 
With Iranian support, Hezbollah has 
set up cells all around the world. It gets significant funding for its world-wide terror through its criminal activi-
ties, such as money laundering, nar-cotics trafficking, and the selling of counterfeit goods. And shockingly, it fund raises in communities all over Latin America and Europe. 
This bill will take significant steps 
toward cutting off Hezbollah’s global reach by imposing sanctions on those financial institutions that facilitate Hezbollah’s activities. We can severely hamper its ability to move the funds needed to fund its terror campaigns. 
This bill will also require the admin-
istration to look into satellite pro-viders that continue to broadcast the Hezbollah-run Al-Manar television sta-tion. A terrorist organization should not be allowed to freely broadcast its propaganda and its messages of hate. In fact, more than 10 years ago, back in 2004, France’s highest administrative court moved to ban Al-Manar, ruling that the Beirut-based outlet had re-peatedly violated the country’s hate laws and made anti-Semitic state-ments. 
Our legislation would give Congress 
and the administration greater insight into Hezbollah’s criminal activities by requiring reports on Hezbollah’s narco-trafficking and its transnational crimi-nal network. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield an additional 1 
minute to the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. DEUTCH. It will also give us a 
clearer sense of Hezbollah’s global reach, as it requires reporting on what 
countries around the world are doing to disrupt Hezbollah’s activities. 
Madam Speaker, Hezbollah has desta-
bilized the Middle East for over 30 years. It has been a significant and deadly threat to U.S. interests. It stands ready, with more than 100,000 rockets and missiles aimed at Israel, many capable of striking anywhere with high precision. This is one of the most deadly organizations in the world, and the U.S. must use all of its economic might to shut down Hezbollah’s global operations. 
Madam Speaker, people often ask 
what Congress can do to address the many dangers that we face in the world. This legislation is a step for-ward in protecting Americans and American interests and American lives. Similar legislation passed the House unanimously last year, and I urge my colleagues to again support this vitally important national security bill. 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), the chair-
man of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-
er, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for the 
wonderfully bipartisan way in which he leads our committee, and I especially want to thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) for his 
incredible leadership on this important topic. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in full support 
of this bill, to broaden sanctions against Hezbollah, a U.S.-designated Foreign Terrorist Organization. 
The Iranian proxy, Hezbollah, has 
been responsible for propping up the murderous Assad regime in Syria. Hezbollah continues to be a major threat to our closest friend and ally, the Democratic Jewish State of Israel. Hezbollah and its patron Iran continue to seek ways to attack and undermine U.S. national security interests, espe-cially with its increased presence in our own area, in the Western Hemi-sphere, and its increasing role in global narcotics trafficking. 
Madam Speaker, one way we have of 
countering Hezbollah’s illicit activities is by cutting off its major source of funding and support. Once the adminis-tration gives Iran a signing bonus of $50 billion and lifts the sanctions against the regime, when this bad and dangerously weak nuclear deal gets signed, you can be sure, Madam Speak-er, that the spigots will open and that money will flow directly to Hezbollah. So we must make sure that the admin-istration fully and vigorously enforces these sanctions against Hezbollah and doesn’t find any loophole or waive any of the provisions. 
After seeing the administration’s 
willingness to work with the Iranian regime and the Cuban regime, I might add, it wouldn’t surprise me to see the administration take steps to follow the European Union and split Hezbollah into a military and political wing to 
try to avoid these sanctions and ap-pease the Iranian regime. 
We all know, Madam Speaker, that 
Hezbollah is a terrorist organization and that there is no split among the terror group whatsoever. You cannot differentiate between its supposed wings. It is all one terrorist organiza-tion. That is why I strongly support this bill, and I call upon the President to do more to counter this threat from Iran and its proxy, Hezbollah. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG), a valued member of the Foreign 
Affairs Committee. 
Ms. MENG. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to be a lead cosponsor of the Hezbollah International Financing Pre-vention Act. This legislation will broaden financial sector sanctions against Hezbollah, compel other crit-ical designations against it, and target Hezbollah’s media outlet Al-Manar. 
A lot of work has gone into this bill 
over two Congresses, and we have worked hard, especially with the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), to 
ensure the inclusion of language that would disrupt Hezbollah’s global logis-tics networks and its fundraising and money-laundering activities. 
This section requires the Obama ad-
ministration to shed light on those countries that either covertly or overt-ly enable any sort of Hezbollah activi-ties within their borders. The provision is particularly important in the Hezbollah context because there are far too many countries that outwardly condemn Hezbollah’s military and ter-rorist activities while privately fos-tering environments where Hezbollah can operate politically and financially. Well, no more, not if you want to do business with the United States. 
This legislation is also timely be-
cause it sends a strong message to Iran that no matter what happens in rela-tion to nuclear negotiations, the United States will aggressively counter its promotion of terror in the Middle East. 
In the last decade, our sanctions pol-
icy has led the way in crippling rogue regimes and terrorist groups, and 
today we take a big step forward in crippling, among the worst of them all, Hezbollah. 
I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE , 
Ranking Member E NGEL , Mr. M EADOWS , 
and Mr. D EUTCH for their hard work, 
and my cosponsors, Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia. 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a member of the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, one of the principal cosponsors of this bill, and a leader in confronting Iran in its support for terrorism around the world. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leader-
ship on the Foreign Affairs Committee, as well as Ranking Member E
NGEL , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. M ENG, and 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.044 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2988 May 14, 2015 
This has been a strong bipartisan ef-
fort that was started before I came to Congress this past January. Some of my fellow lead cosponsors on this bill have worked tirelessly over years. 
America’s greatness is nothing to 
apologize for. We are a great, free, ex-ceptional nation. Being the leader of the free world is, this body, today, passing legislation, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act, to tackle a rising threat in the Middle East and to United States inter-ests all around the world. American leadership is on display here in the Halls of Congress. 
Hezbollah has helped Assad fight Syr-
ian rebels in that country. It is esti-mated that Iran has provided Hezbollah $60 million to $100 million per year in financial assistance. 
The Dubai-based Gulf Research Cen-
ter estimates Hezbollah’s armed wing at about 1,000 full-time fighters and 6,000 to 10,000 volunteers. According to the Iranian Fars News Agency, Hezbollah has up to 65,000 fighters. 
b1415 
This legislation, H.R. 2297, addresses 
the need to pursue foreign banks that knowingly do business with entities that facilitate Hezbollah’s activities. This legislation addresses the need to counter Hezbollah’s other criminal en-terprises, which include money laun-dering and counterfeiting of goods and pharmaceuticals. 
Madam Speaker, this legislation 
helps address the need to obtain more information on Hezbollah’s fund-raising, financing, and money-laun-dering networks. It requires the admin-istration to provide a comprehensive overview of countries supporting Hezbollah as well as those countries that aren’t doing enough. 
Again, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for 
his leadership with this legislation, Mr. E
NGEL , and my fellow co-lead sponsors 
as we tackle this rising tide of radical Islamic extremism in the Middle East with Hezbollah, Hamas, al Qaeda, Boko Haram, and ISIS. Every day, our 24- hour news cycle is dominated with our constituents watching, reading, and hearing about this threat that exists in the Middle East, understanding that if we do not defeat it overseas, we will be facing it here at home. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand 
with my fellow co-leads and my col-leagues from both parties as American exceptionalism is on display here. I rise in support today, and I encourage my colleagues to vote for this legislation. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time for the purpose of closing. 
Madam Speaker, Hezbollah’s actions 
in the Middle East and around the world have only added to the volatility that has plagued the region. Hezbollah’s stockpile of rockets is growing on Israel’s doorstep, threat-ening to ‘‘confront aggression at any time, any place, and in any form what-soever.’’ The irony is they are the ag-gressors. Hezbollah fighters terrorize 
the people of Syria, serving as the only thing between Assad and his own de-mise. Hezbollah has made itself into a state within a state of Lebanon, deny-ing the Lebanese people their right to self-determination. 
Madam Speaker, it is time to redou-
ble our efforts to stop Hezbollah from continuing its campaign of terror across the region. So I urge my col-leagues to pass this legislation because it is so important. The United States has the clout to do so, and we should always let the people—the average peo-ple—know that the United States stands by them. 
Hezbollah is one of the worst ter-
rorist organizations. Hezbollah tries to terrorize Israel, but they have never succeeded and will never succeed, and they terrorize the people of Lebanon and Syria. We need to put an end to that. That is why this legislation is so important. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support it. I thank Chair-man R
OYCE once again for his leader-
ship, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD), a 
member of the Committee on Financial Services, a cosponsor of the bill, and someone who has been relentless in warning about the threat of Iran and Hezbollah. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Speaker, I want 
to thank the chairman and the ranking member for your leadership and for yielding the time. I also want to thank Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. D EUTCH , and all 
those who have worked tirelessly on this bill. 
The Hezbollah International Financ-
ing Prevention Act is one that is im-portant. We need to choke off funds to a well-known terrorist organization that has been engaged in terror for dec-ades. We know a lot, Madam Speaker, and we have talked a lot about the threat of ISIS, what is going on in Syria, what is happening with Iran, Iran being the greatest state sponsor of terror in the world, using its proxies, one of which is Hezbollah. But I want to make sure that we are not losing sight of Hezbollah and the dangers that they pose. That is why this is such an important piece of legislation. 
Hezbollah has killed Americans. 
They are one of the most deadly ter-rorist organizations in the world. They are a major threat not only to the United States; they are a threat to our one true ally in the Middle East, the State of Israel. The buildup of Hezbollah’s rocket arsenal is a concern, Madam Speaker, to everyday Israelis, and it should be a concern for all of us. 
As we think about terror and choking 
off that financing, it is absolutely crit-ical that we speak with one clear voice here in the United States, that we focus on these cells, and that we focus on how Hezbollah is getting its re-sources. This is, again, another issue on which I am delighted that we are working together in a bipartisan fash-
ion because this is not about partisan-ship. This is about making sure that the world is a safer place and shining a light on terrorist organizations, Hezbollah being one of the worst. 
Just last week, Madam Speaker, I 
was in Israel, and we went into the Golan. We went north to the border, and we looked off over the border, not only into Syria; we looked into Leb-anon as well. We met with lone sol-diers, members from Chicago who went over to Israel to join the IDF and fight, and they are terrified and prepared for attacks from Hezbollah. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Speaker, this is 
an important bill, one that makes sure we do not lose sight of the threat posed by Hezbollah, and one that we have to make sure that we are vigilant, that we know where the resources are going. 
This is a bill that, again, I want to 
thank the chairman for his leadership on, and I want to thank Mr. E
NGEL , the 
ranking member, for his leadership, and T
EDDEUTCH , a good friend, and 
MARK MEADOWS for all that they are 
doing. This is something that, again, I encourage my colleagues in this body to come together and unite behind an-other unanimous vote to make sure the world knows that we will not sit idly by, that we will do everything in our power to make sure that we track down the funders of this terrorist orga-nization to make sure that they do not have the tools necessary for a reign of terror on Israel and the West. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume, Madam Speaker. 
When we think about Hezbollah, we 
think about an organization that was once a limited regional threat. Today, it really is global. It is an organization conducting terrorist and criminal ac-tivities all over the world, one that has actively targeted the United States now, if we think about it, for 30 years. I think it shows no signs of letting up as Iran, the regime there, shows no signs in letting up in its support for Hezbollah. 
So prior to the attacks of September 
11, Iran’s proxy was responsible for the largest number of American deaths by terrorist organizations up until that point when al Qaeda carried out that attack. This included the 1993 bombing of the United States Embassy in Beirut and the bombing of our United States Marine Corps barracks again that same year. Hezbollah was responsible for providing funding and weapons to Iraqi militias that killed hundreds of Ameri-cans in Iraq at the behest of Iran. Hezbollah is behind the Iranian-spon-sored slaughter that is going on right now in Syria, and it is Hezbollah that is now not only on the northern border of Israel, but also, with the support from Iran, it is now up on the Golan Heights. It is now up just off the Golan Heights in Syria there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.045 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2989 May 14, 2015 
Hezbollah is now involved in sup-
porting the Iranian-supported Houthi takeover in Yemen. Hezbollah is a model; and as you heard the debate re-cently on the Internet, should the Hezbollah model be replicated not only among the Shia Houthi but in other parts of the region, we must remember that any sanctions relief that we pro-vide to Iran for a nuclear agreement will have an impact on Iran’s ability to further support Hezbollah and the abil-ity of that organization to carry out future attacks on Americans, on our allies, or on other unfortunate souls who oppose an Iranian takeover of that region. 
Yet Hezbollah and their sponsor re-
main vulnerable. They are still reliant on Iran’s largesse and on proceeds from Hezbollah’s illicit activities. It is pre-cisely those illicit activities, those vul-nerabilities, that we must target. So, Madam Speaker, passing the Iran and the Hezbollah bills today will be a one- two punch against terrorists backing Iran’s nuclear weapons drive. 
Madam Speaker, I urge all of the 
Members to support this measure. Again, I thank Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL for his 
work and the other cosponsors of the bill as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2297. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-
ERATION OF H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 260 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 260 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. No further general debate shall be in order. 
S
EC. 2. (a) In lieu of the amendment in the 
nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-14. That amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute are waived. 
(b) No amendment to the amendment in 
the nature of a substitute made in order as original text shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution. 
(c) Each amendment printed in the report 
of the Committee on Rules shall be consid-ered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. 
(d) All points of order against amendments 
printed in the report of the Committee on Rules or against amendments en bloc de-scribed in section 3 of this resolution are waived. 
S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for 
the chair of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their respective designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. 
S
EC. 4. At the conclusion of consideration 
of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a sepa-rate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
During consideration of this resolu-
tion, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
b1430 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, H. Res. 
260 provides a structured rule for con-sideration of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. It is my privilege to present this rule to the House as a member of the Rules Committee. It is also my privilege to 
do so as a member of the committee of jurisdiction over this bill, the House Armed Services Committee. 
The Rules Committee received a 
record number of amendments to the bill; heard nearly 6 hours of testimony from our colleagues; and, in this rule, have made in order 135 amendments for consideration on the House floor. 
As is traditional, the rule gives the 
chair of the Armed Services Committee authority to offer such amendments en bloc to facilitate consideration of such a large number of amendments. 
This is a good rule that helps pave 
the way for the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act. This law, this bill, governs the defense of the United States of America, provides for the servicemen and -women that defend this country. It is the single most im-portant function of this House. 
We are going to hear spirited debate 
today, but we need to make sure, as we hear this debate, that we focus on what we are here about, and that is to defend the people of the United States. While there are other things that may be brought up that are important and good, they are not about the defense of the United States and would not be in order for this bill. 
As a member of the House Armed 
Services Committee, I have followed this bill from the start. Counting the 
Rules Committee hours and the hours in committee, I have personally spent over 25 hours in debate on this bill. 
This has been an incredibly open 
process: 335 amendments were filed at the Armed Services Committee level; 211 amendments were adopted by the House Armed Services Committee in markup, including 96 Democrat amend-ments; 135 amendments were made in order by the rule—69 of those are Dem-ocrat or bipartisan amendments. That is over 450 amendments that have been considered since we started this proc-ess. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act has a history of bipartisanship, which is only appropriate on the single most important thing that we do, de-fending the people of the United States. 
It passed out of the Committee on 
Armed Services on a vote of 60–2. It has been completed every year since 1962 on a bipartisan basis. That is 53 straight years, and we need to make it 54. 
This bill is vitally important to our 
country. For the first time in a long time, Americans are ranking national security as their number one concern, even ahead of the economy. 
Former CIA leader Mike Morell said 
he has never seen more threats to our country at any other time in his 33 years in the business. Most alarmingly, he says that we are at risk of another attack here in the United States. Our military men and women need this bill to do their job and help keep us safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\H14MY5.REC H14MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2990 May 14, 2015 
The administration has issued a 
Statement of Administration Policy and indicated in there that the Presi-dent’s advisers would recommend a veto of this bill. I sincerely hope the President would not do so, given the bi-partisan effort to pass a bill so critical to the security of our Nation. 
President Obama requested author-
ization for $612 billion in military spending, and this bill matches that re-quest dollar for dollar. 
Now, some of my colleagues quibble 
with that, and they quibble with that because, as you can see in this light blue area at the very top, in the Presi-dent’s recommendation, there is a cer-tain amount of money that he wants to be in the categorization of overseas contingency operations, OCO. 
The bill does the same thing except it 
increases OCO by a small amount—that you can see here—and increases the base by a larger amount. In essence, what we have done here is gotten to the same place as the President by making a very small alteration to the OCO. 
Some of my colleagues are trying to 
use our military men and women as pawns in an effort to boost nondefense discretionary spending. That is plainly wrong and reprehensible. 
Those other issues are important to 
our country, and it is important that we debate them, but we should never hold up this piece of legislation that is historically bipartisan to make a point on something that has nothing to do with the defense of the United States of America. 
This bill is for the men and women 
who are keeping our Nation safe. They have elected to serve our Nation. The least we can do is give them the re-sources and the policy they need to do their job. Now, some of my colleagues want to use them as political bar-gaining chips. That is hard for me to believe that anyone would consider doing that in this House. 
This bill is complex. It deals with a 
number of very complicated issues. There are a couple that I know we are going to talk about today that I briefly want to touch on now. 
The first one is this whole issue of 
the overseas contingency operations account and how it affects this whole issue of sequestration. Long before I got here, there was this deal within Congress that was proposed by the President that, in essence, resulted in this artificial sequestration of funds that would otherwise be appropriately sent to the military, and we are oper-ating under the artificial constraints of that sequestration law today. 
I don’t know what the rationale was 
back then because I wasn’t here, but that rationale, whatever it was, doesn’t make sense today when the number one concern of the American people is defending the United States of Amer-ica, when experts on this issue are tell-ing us, over and over again, the Amer-ican interests abroad—and, yes, here at home—are threatened. Why should we feel that we should be 
limited to that at a time when we need to be stepping forth and defending the American people? 
Now, there may be a time and a place 
to revisit the sequestration law, but that time and that place is not on this law. This law is for us to do what we must do to defend the United States of America, and this bill does that. 
Another issue that we will be hearing 
a lot today is a proposed amendment by my colleague from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ), and that deals with the issue 
of immigration. Now, you may ask: Why are we talking about immigration in regard to a bill on national defense? That is a good question. We should not be. 
During the Armed Services Commit-
tee’s consideration of this bill—and it went for 18 hours late in the process— one of our members offered an amend-ment to insert the immigration issue into this bill. It was unfortunate, and it was inappropriate. 
The Brooks amendment proposes to 
take it out, and we are going to have spirited debate during this rule, I pre-dict, and during the debate on the bill; but make no mistake about it, however important you think or I think the im-migration issue is, however much we think that that should come to this floor for consideration, this bill, a bill on the defense of the United States of America, is not the right bill for us to consider it in. 
There are other committees of juris-
diction that are supposed to do that— Homeland Security, for example. Those committees need to go through their process and make sure they do what they need to do, and then it can come to this floor, but it should not come to this floor to confuse this bill that deals with the defense of the United States of America. 
This rule, Madam Speaker, is an ex-
tremely fair rule made after a lot of de-bate, allowing an enormous number of amendments, and I urge its support. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
(Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for yielding me the 
customary 30 minutes. 
Madam Speaker, 355 amendments 
were submitted to the House Rules Committee on a wide variety of issues relevant to the National Defense Au-thorization Act. Of those, only 135 were made in order, or about 38 percent. That means that the Republican ma-jority of the Rules Committee rejected over 60 percent of amendments sub-mitted by their House colleagues. 
This is a very exclusive structured 
rule. The amendments included under this rule are important amendments, worthy of the time and attention of this House, but I believe that all the 
amendments submitted merited debate and should have been included under an open rule. 
Further, each amendment included 
under this rule only receives 10 min-utes of debate maximum, equally di-vided. That is no way to treat debate of significant issues regarding our na-tional security. 
Madam Speaker, I have served in 
Congress long enough that I remember when it used to take 4 or 5 entire days to debate the NDAA. Amendments that would significantly affect our defense policies and operations were provided with enough debate time so that all Members had the opportunity to speak and air their views. 
Of course, that was back in the days 
when the House actually worked 4 or 5 full days each week. That simply doesn’t happen anymore. There are fewer and fewer Members in this Cham-ber who remember when matters of substance were given the time, atten-tion, and debate that they deserve. 
There is much to admire in the FY 
2016 defense authorization bill, but there is also much to be concerned about, from dangerous spending to in-crease our nuclear arsenal, to con-tinuing to tie the hands of the adminis-tration on how to handle the transfer of prisoners out of Guantanamo who have been cleared of all charges. 
One of the most blatant and egre-
gious demonstrations of excess spend-ing in the NDAA is what the bill has done to the President’s overseas con-tingency operations fund, the so-called OCO fund. 
This bill adds $38 billion to the OCO 
fund on top of the $51 billion requested by the President to fund our various wars. This $38 billion will not be spent on war-related costs, but instead, it transfers money from the operations and maintenance account to the OCO to fund what should be base bill re-quirements, all as a ruse to evade the Budget Control Act caps. 
In the coming weeks, my House col-
leagues will see at least four appropria-tions bills come to the House floor that are prepared to cut more than $20 bil-lion in urgently needed domestic pro-grams, all in the name of staying with-in the caps set by the Budget Control Act; yet, when it comes to the Pen-tagon, nearly twice that amount is added to the OCO as a slush fund in order to avoid those very same caps. This is madness, Madam Speaker, abso-lute madness. 
The strength of our Nation—the 
health, welfare, and prosperity of our people and our communities—requires that we invest in our transportation and infrastructure; in our urban and rural development; in science, engi-neering, and technology; in medical re-search and our healthcare and edu-cation systems; in our children, our families, our workers; in our local busi-nesses and new entrepreneurs. 
Our national and economic security 
is based on so much more than just our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.051 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2991 May 14, 2015 
force of arms. It is based on the role of 
the Federal Government in supporting strong quality of life for each and every one of our people, regardless of age, income, geography, or political af-filiation. No one is offering them a slush fund; instead, we are cutting those programs to the bare bone. 
When it comes to helping the need-
iest among us, Madam Speaker, the majority in this House has, once again, prevented debate on this critical issue. I am disappointed that an amendment offered by my friend from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) was not made in order for 
debate under this rule. 
Under current law, military service-
members who do not live on base are provided with a basic allowance for housing. Because this stipend is offered to military families in lieu of on-base housing, it is exempted from Federal taxes and from being considered as in-come when determining eligibility for certain tax credits. Unfortunately, there is still a lack of uniformity in how the allowance is treated for var-ious basic needs programs. 
For example, the basic housing al-
lowance is being considered as income for the purpose of calculating SNAP benefits, which results in eligible households receiving a lesser SNAP benefit or being cut off from the pro-gram altogether. These are families who are struggling, and it makes abso-lutely no sense that receiving housing assistance means our military families should receive less food assistance. 
It is shameful that an ever-increasing 
number of military families are strug-gling to make ends meet. More and more of these families are relying on SNAP benefits to put food on their ta-bles, and we need to be having a larger conversation about how to make sure that our servicemen and servicewomen and their families who have sacrificed so much for our country have economic security. 
Military families have unique needs, 
and we must make sure that they are receiving all the necessary assistance that they deserve. 
b1445 
Mr. V
ARGAS ’ amendment would have 
simply excluded the basic housing al-lowance from any calculation of in-come or resources for any purpose under Federal, State, and local law. It is a good amendment, and it is a com-monsense amendment, and this House should have had the opportunity to de-bate this important amendment; but while we shortchange the American people, local communities, and our neighbors living in poverty, we have plenty of time to add to the national deficit and debt by funding a myriad of wars on the national credit card. 
Speaking of the many wars in which 
the U.S. is currently engaged, last night in the Rules Committee, Con-gressman W
ALTER JONES of North Caro-
lina, the distinguished ranking member of the Armed Services Committee— Congressman A
DAM SMITH of Wash-ington—and I offered an amendment 
that would do one simple thing: it would have the President tell Congress next year what our mission is in Af-ghanistan and how much longer our servicemen and servicewomen would continue to be deployed over there. Then Congress would have 30 days to vote on whether or not to authorize or to modify that mission. 
We have been in Afghanistan for 
nearly 14 years. It is the longest mili-tary engagement in U.S. history. Over the past few years, the mission of our Armed Forces has been constantly al-tered. Supposedly, we ended combat op-erations at the end of last December; yet our forces still engage in combat. We are now supposed to be engaged in training the Afghan military and po-lice forces and be out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016; but every day, I open up the newspaper, and I read how we are going to need to remain in Afghanistan for much, much, much longer. 
In the underlying bill, this NDAA 
says that the U.S. should remain en-gaged in counterterrorism and special operations after 2016. All the President is required to do is let us know if he wants to keep our troops in Afghani-stan to continue training Afghan forces until they can stand on their own. 
Is it too much to ask for the Presi-
dent to tell us next spring what the plan is for keeping our uniformed men and women in Afghanistan and then having a vote on that plan? Don’t our troops and don’t their families deserve much more from us? 
I guess it is too much to ask because 
this Congress—once again, the major-ity on the Rules Committee—decided not to make the McGovern-Jones- Smith amendment in order. 
So U.S. engagement in Afghanistan— 
our blood and our treasure—simply continues on and on and on and on. It is a long, endless war that Congress barely pays attention to anymore, not even as members of our Armed Forces come home in coffins or wounded in body, heart, and mind. One of my con-stituents was the first to fall this year under our new post-combat operations mission in Afghanistan. Who will be the last U.S. servicemember to die in Afghanistan? 
These are brave and honorable men 
and women. This House, however, is a disgrace. 
This House—this Congress—is in-
capable of being accountable for the wars we so easily send our servicemem-bers to fight and die in, and it is com-pletely incapable of carrying out its constitutional responsibilities to spe-cifically and explicitly authorize these military operations. 
It has been over 8 months since the 
United States began sustained combat operations in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State. Last year, the Speaker said that it was not right for the 113th Congress to vote on this new war started on its watch. It should be up to the next Congress—this Congress, the 114th Congress—to authorize the war. Then the Speaker complained that 
Congress couldn’t act until the Presi-dent sent us an AUMF. Madam Speak-er, the President sent Congress an AUMF on February 11. That was over 3 months ago. It is not an AUMF that I would support, but the President did his job, and still Congress fails to act. Why? Because the leadership of this House says it can’t find its way to 218 on an AUMF. 
I am sorry, Madam Speaker, but that 
is not how it works. The job of the Con-gress is to take a vote on an AUMF— period. If you don’t like what the President’s proposal is, then change it, vote against it, or bring another version to the House floor. Congress has the constitutional obligation to au-thorize the use of military force to combat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria or elsewhere. Congress has the responsibility to specifically debate and authorize sending servicemen and servicewomen into hostilities in Iraq and Syria. The party in charge of the House and the Senate has a responsi-bility to legislate. We don’t have the right to say, ‘‘Oh, this is just too tough of a job, and we don’t want to deal with it.’’ 
If you want to be in charge, then you 
have to govern. Unfortunately, Madam Speaker, I don’t see the leadership in-terested in governing on this most seri-ous matter. 
Once again, reluctantly, Congress-
man W
ALTER JONES , Congresswoman 
BARBARA LEE, and I will be introducing 
a privileged resolution under the provi-sions of the War Powers Resolution to force a debate on whether our troops should remain engaged in combat oper-ations against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria or whether they should with-draw. 
We have been patient. We have wait-
ed and waited and waited for the Re-publican leadership of this House to tell us when it would act on an AUMF for Iraq and Syria, but it has now be-come clear that this House has no in-tention of debating an AUMF on the fight against the Islamic State. It is perfectly happy to just drift along and not take any responsibility whatsoever for the lives that we are putting at risk in Iraq and Syria and for the millions of taxpayer dollars that we are spend-ing each and every day. 
Madam Speaker, I oppose this rule, 
and I oppose this underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In listening to the remarks that we 
have just heard from the gentleman from Massachusetts, I was struck by the fact that so much of it had to do with things other than national de-fense. I said in the very beginning that this is the authorization of the defense of America. Those are important issues—health care, education, trans-portation—and we need to debate those, but not in this bill. That is why those sorts of amendments were not made in order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.052 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2992 May 14, 2015 
Madam Speaker, we are here today to 
debate the defense of the United States of America. 
I did hear the gentleman criticize the 
President’s policy in Afghanistan, and I do think that we should consider at some point in time an appropriate AUMF for the conflict in Iraq. This House has been asking the leadership for briefings and other information about the proposed AUMF that we got from the administration, and we haven’t received them yet, so we can’t have the sort of deliberative-type re-view of his AUMF until we receive that information. 
I would say, as important as those 
issues are, they are not in order under this bill. This is a bill that we have his-torically adopted in a bipartisan fash-ion. Let’s stay focused on the defense of the United States of America in this bipartisan bill and not wander off onto other things that we are either not pre-pared for or that are not in order under this bill. 
At this point in time, Madam Speak-
er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ), my col-
league. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Madam 
Speaker, the NDAA, as amended by Congressman R
UBEN GALLEGO , under-
mines America’s border security and ratifies parts of Obama’s illegal am-nesty for illegal aliens. 
During the early morning, sleep-de-
prived portion of the Armed Services Committee NDAA hearing, the Gallego amendment, which encourages the Sec-retary of Defense to take military serv-ice opportunities from Americans and from lawful immigrants in order to give them to illegal aliens, passed on a close 33–30 vote. As Members ponder my amendment to strike the Gallego amendment, we should consider how much American families are struggling in an anemic job and wage market and how much the Gallego amendment makes job and income prospects for Americans even worse. 
From 2000 to 2014—and although the 
American economy gained 5.6 million jobs in the 16 to 65 age bracket—Amer-ican-born citizens suffered a net loss of 127,000 jobs. These job losses, combined with population growth, mean that there were 17 million more jobless American-born citizens than there were 14 years earlier. Hispanic Ameri-cans, African Americans, Caucasian Americans—American men and women—all lost economic ground. While American-born citizens suffered economic hardship, job losses, and wage suppression, foreign-born persons gained 5.7 million jobs. 
In the context of this anemic econ-
omy, G
ALLEGO ’s amendment to take 
military service jobs from Americans and from lawful immigrants in order to give them to illegal aliens is out-rageous and unconscionable. I encour-age Members to represent the interests of Americans and lawful immigrants by voting to strike the Gallego amend-ment from the NDAA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to respond to something 
that my friend on the Rules Committee said when he said that this bill is all about issues that have to do with the national defense of our country. 
I don’t know what we are doing in Af-
ghanistan or what we are doing in Iraq again or what we are doing in Syria now if it isn’t supposedly in the name of the national defense of our country. I mean, this is the bill considered by the Armed Services Committee. If this is not an appropriate place to talk about war and about all of the military equipment we are sending halfway around the world, then I don’t know what bill is appropriate. We are told over and over and over again that these are inappropriate vehicles in which to talk about war. This is the Armed Services Committee. This is the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. This is the bill. This funds the wars. 
There is this notion that it doesn’t 
belong here. Well, where the hell does it belong? This is important stuff, and we treat war as if it is nothing. 
We have men and women in harm’s 
way, and we don’t even debate whether or not the mission is something that we support or not. This is ridiculous. This is disgraceful. It is outrageous that amendments that are germane to this bill—that the Parliamentarian tells us are germane to this bill—are denied over and over and over again. These aren’t just mine. Ms. L
EEhas 
amendments on repealing the old AUMFs from 2001 to 2002—denied, de-nied. They are germane, but no one wants to talk about it. We are going to force you to talk about it. We are going to have a privileged resolution. We are going to force this debate. 
Just one other thing on the Gallego 
amendment. I have to tell you that I am always amazed at the anti-immi-grant rhetoric on the other side of the aisle. The notion that we can’t allow the Secretary of Defense to make deci-sions on whether or not DREAMers can actually serve our country in the Armed Forces to defend our Nation is ludicrous. 
Just so people understand this, un-
like a lot of things that my friends on the other side of the aisle do, this was not snuck into something. This actu-ally went through regular order. It was actually debated and voted on by the House Armed Services Committee. They voted ‘‘yes’’ to accept it. By the way, the Army has already allowed al-most 50 DREAMers to enlist in our Armed Forces. 
What are you going to do—go and try 
to find these people and tell them that they have now been discharged? 
I feel a great kind of sense of pride 
that there are people in this country who have been mostly raised in this country and who want to serve this 
country. That is something, I think, that every American takes pride in. That the rhetoric is so nasty and so de-meaning, I think, is beneath what this House is about. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H
AHN). 
Ms. HAHN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
against the rule that we are consid-ering to the National Defense Author-ization bill. 
I was extremely disappointed late 
last night, as you can imagine, when the Rules Committee decided not to make my amendment in order for today. 
My amendment would have provided 
a token thank-you to the World War II merchant mariners. These brave men suffered the highest losses of any mili-tary branch in World War II, and they did not receive veterans’ benefits under the GI Bill. 
Time is running out. These merchant 
mariners are now in their eighties and their early nineties. There are only 5,000 living today. We can’t continue with the slow wheels of bureaucracy. We can’t do a study to see if they de-serve it or if we can afford it. Congress should act swiftly and with a sense of urgency. 
As President Eisenhower said: 
When final victory is ours, there is no or-
ganization that will share its credit more de-servedly than the merchant marine. 
It is too late for this bill today, but 
it is sad, as we are about to vote on a bill that authorizes our defense of this country, that we couldn’t take a mo-ment to give a token thank-you to those who were involved in the defense of this country. 
b1500 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the amendment of-fered by my friend and colleague, M
O 
BROOKS . The Brooks amendment is 
simple. It keeps the immigration de-bate out of the national security de-bate. That is it. 
My colleague, Mr. G
ALLEGO , inserted 
language during the markup to require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a review under section 504 of title 10, United States Code, relating to wheth-er or not those who have received am-nesty under President Obama’s DACA initiative should be able to enlist in the services, but that very statute al-ready provides the Secretary of De-fense the authority he or she needs to make such a determination if there is a readiness crisis. It is already there. 
Specifically, paragraph (b)(2) entitles 
him to ‘‘authorize the enlistment of a person . . . if the Secretary determines that such enlistment is vital to the na-tional interest.’’ 
Now, while the Gallego language may 
appear to be simple, a sense of Con-gress to some, in function it will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.053 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2993 May 14, 2015 
cited by the lawyers arguing on behalf 
of the President’s executive overreach. Those lawyers will say, you see, even the House of Representatives has passed language that recognizes DACA. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BYRNE. I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Ari-zona. 
Mr. GOSAR. The Center for Immigra-
tion Studies agrees the Gallego lan-guage is unnecessary and is simply meant to undercut the ongoing litiga-tion about the legality and unconsti-tutionality of DACA. 
If the Brooks amendment is not ac-
cepted and this language is left in the NDAA, it potentially jeopardizes pas-sage of critical legislation. My col-leagues, I have fought the President on his executive actions and will fight here again. It is our purview. Once again, I said, the House has moved three times to demonstrate that DACA is illegitimate. This should be the fourth time. I urge my colleagues to vote for the Brooks amendment, strip-ping the Gallego language. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the latest efforts by leadership to appease hard-liners on immigration. Today, this body is al-lowing their loudest anti-immigrant voices to overrule the adoption of the Gallego amendment by none other than the Republican-controlled Armed Serv-ices Committee, controlled by the Re-publican majority. Not only are they throwing their highly touted regular order out of the window, they are tak-ing one more dive down the anti-immi-grant rabbit hole. 
The amendment by my friend from 
Arizona simply expresses a sense of the House that the Secretary of Defense should review whether recipients of de-ferred action should be allowed to serve in the military. It doesn’t say the mili-tary must allow them to serve. It says, let’s do a review, a study, a sense of Congress. We woke up today and this is how we feel. Remember that these same 700,000 recipients who grew up here in America, passed a criminal background check, and now have a legal work permit to reside in the United States, they are ready to risk their lives to defend the only country they know. It just says, Hey, do you guys want to take a look? 
Meanwhile, you totally missed the 
Veasey amendment calling for a simi-lar study of how executive actions of President Obama and prosecutorial dis-cretion could expand the pool of poten-tial military recruits and how enlist-ment of DACA applicants would impact military readiness. They missed that one. I guess NumbersUSA didn’t give you a call over on the other side or Heritage Action forgot to tell you about that provision. 
So, Republican hard-liners fixated on 
the Gallego amendment. Seeing the word ‘‘review,’’ all they heard was the 
word ‘‘amnesty.’’ If the majority party is unable to allow a nonbinding study approved by the committee of jurisdic-tion where they are the majority be-cause it includes the word ‘‘immi-grants’’ without slapping the amnesty label on it, how on Earth will you be able to fix our broken immigration sys-tem or win over the fastest-growing group of voters in this country? 
It is clear to me that the candidate 
who is ready to embrace immigrants and protect DREAMers and their fami-lies may as well start measuring the drapes at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and I think I know what her name is. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
MITH of Nebraska). Members are re-
minded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), my friend. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gen-
tleman from Alabama for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I would say, first of all, 
that neither the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts nor the one from Chicago can quote any anti-immigrant state-ments from anybody over on this side. That is their tired rhetoric. It is not a fact. 
What is a fact is we initiated a law-
suit called Crane v. Napolitano clear back when these first unconstitutional acts were delivered by the President. He clearly has violated the Constitu-tion. I don’t actually think there is any worthy debate to the contrary, and this Congress has voted three times— three times—to shut off the funding or to eliminate the President’s lawless, unconstitutional actions, Mr. Speaker. That includes June of 2013, King amendment, and very similar language in August of 2014 and January of 2015. 
So I wanted to announce to this Con-
gress that we will stand on the Con-stitution. This Congress cannot send a message to ratify the President’s law-less actions. We must defend the Con-stitution because that is our oath, to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. His oath is to take care to faithfully execute the laws, and instead, he has done the opposite. So we have pro-amnesty people on the other side. 
I will support the rule, the Brooks 
amendment, but I will not support the NDAA if the amendment fails. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman for yielding but also for his tremendous leadership on the Committee on Rules and also just in terms of making sure that we, as Members of Congress, do our job. So thank you very much. 
I rise in strong opposition to this 
rule and to the bill. I offered three bi-partisan amendments to H.R. 1735, the 
National Defense Authorization Act, and I am very disappointed to say that, once again, two of my amendments to address the Authorization for Use of Military Force were not made in order. The first, offered with Representative W
ALTER JONES , would have repealed 
the 2001 blank check for endless war, which has been used more than 30 times, mind you, to justify military ac-tion around the world. 
The other, that I also offered with 
Representative J
ONES , would have re-
moved the unnecessary 2002 Iraq Au-thorization for Use of Military Force that continues to be on the books. This is years after the White House has said they no longer needed it and encour-aged Congress to repeal it. 
Mr. Speaker, it is past time for Con-
gress to live up to its constitutional obligations in matters of war and peace. We need to rip up that 2001 blank check for endless war, and we need to repeal the unnecessary 2002 Iraq AUMF instead of leaving it on the books indefinitely. 
I do want to thank the committee for 
making in order a commonsense, bipar-tisan amendment offered by Represent-atives B
URGESS , SCHAKOWSKY , and my-
self that would require the DOD to rank all departments and defense agen-cies in order of how advanced they are in their audit readiness. As the only Federal agency that has yet to com-plete an audit, the Pentagon has never been held accountable for the potential loss of billions of dollars to waste, fraud, and abuse; so we need to bring vital congressional oversight and ac-countability to the Pentagon and to ensure that the Pentagon follows the law. 
Let me also just address a few more 
troubling provisions in this bill. This bill authorized $715 million to train and equip Iraqi forces and an additional $600 million for Syrian opposition forces. That is more than a billion dol-lars for the now 8-month-long war against ISIL. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield an addi-
tional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Let me go back and remind 
you how much that is. That is more than a billion dollars for the now 8- month-long war against ISIL. That is a war that Congress has yet to debate and authorize. 
Again, I call on Speaker B
OEHNER to 
make Congress do its job and to sched-ule this critical debate. 
I want to thank Congressman 
M
CGOVERN for offering a privileged res-
olution. It is really a shame that we must do this, but we must take our heads out of the sand here and be re-sponsible to our constituents and our country. 
This bill also funnels $89 billion into 
the Pentagon slush fund known as the overseas contingency account; $38 bil-lion of this would go back into the base 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.055 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2994 May 14, 2015 
budget to avoid the budget cuts. This is 
simply unacceptable. Instead of con-tinuing to use budget gimmicks to fur-ther bloat the Pentagon budget, Con-gress should be working to ensure ac-countability and transparency by forc-ing an audit of the Pentagon. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Burgess-Schakowsky-Lee amendment and to oppose the underlying bill. It is time for Congress to stop the policy of endless war and to bring some account-ability to the Pentagon. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for the 
time. 
I rise today with mixed feelings on 
this important legislation, the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman T
HORNBERRY for bringing a trans-
formative bill to the floor that will strengthen our armed services and pro-vide stability to the brave men and women of our military. 
I am also grateful for section 841, 
which includes the text of the SESO Act, a bill I have introduced that en-sures small entrepreneurs have a fair seat at the table. 
But on the other side of this dichot-
omy is what I fear to be a truly unfor-tunate path for this body to take. In-cluded in the underlying text of this bill is language that would request the Defense Secretary study the feasibility of allowing young men and women who were brought to this country as chil-dren the opportunity to serve in our armed services. 
I am very supportive of this senti-
ment, Mr. Speaker, and let’s keep in mind, this is a nonbinding sense of the House. However, there are Members of this body who are threatening to vote against final passage of the NDAA if this sense of Congress isn’t stricken from the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BYRNE. I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, these young men and 
women were brought to our great coun-try very early in life, often by no choice of their own. They have grown up in our neighborhoods and attended the same schools as our own children. For most of these young people, the United States is the only country they have ever called home. Allowing the Secretary of Defense to consider their service in our military should be some-thing our country is proud to support, not something that will kill this bill. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the Brooks amendment and look forward to working with my col-leagues to pass this bill that will ben-efit all those who serve. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just 
want to say I want to commend the gentleman for his very sensible re-
marks, and I appreciate it. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
here today to ask my esteemed col-leagues to stand with me in declaring, Let our DREAMers serve. Let the young men and women who were brought here as children, through no fault of their own, serve their country. Let them serve the country that edu-cated them. Let them serve the coun-try they love. Their ability to serve benefits us all. It provides an expanded pool of willing and capable applicants helping to uphold and even increase the rigorous standards to enlist in our military. The Army recently tripled its pool of immigrant applicants, and DREAMers should be a part of that pool. 
To those who claim that this is am-
nesty, I have a simple message. As a Marine Corps combat veteran, I can as-sure you, Parris Island ain’t amnesty. As my late father, a career soldier, told me, serving your nation in uniform is the highest expression of American citizenship. From German immigrants serving in the Continental Army at Valley Forge to over 100,000 who have been naturalized through the military since 2002, immigrants have always been a part of our fighting forces. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BYRNE. I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Colo-rado. 
Mr. COFFMAN. If DREAMers want to 
put their life on the line for this Na-tion, we should give them the oppor-tunity and honor their willingness to serve. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the Brooks amendment, which would strip this provision from the NDAA. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I want to thank the 
gentleman who just spoke as well. I think we wouldn’t be having any of this debate if my friends on the other side of the aisle would have allowed us to vote on a comprehensive immigra-tion reform package last year, the one that the Senate passed in a bipartisan way. Anyway, they chose to deny us that ability to even have a debate and a vote on that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ). 
b1515 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, the 
rule before us today allows for an amendment that touches on a matter very personal to me, an issue that im-pacts our Nation on the battlefield and for families struggling with an immi-gration system that is certainly dys-functional. 
November 12, last year, right there in 
that seat, I was sitting by my grandson’s side when I was sworn in as a Member of this House, one of the 
proudest days of my life. Certainly, my grandson was looking forward to it. 
If the Gallego amendment on 
DREAMers that we are debating here later today were in effect, my grandson wouldn’t be here. My granddaughter wouldn’t be here. 
My son was serving in the Army in 
South Korea when he met a girl who was serving our great Nation. They fell in love and got married. They moved back to Fort Hood, Texas, serving our country, where they had my first grandchild, one of the proudest days I have ever seen. They continued to serve our great country, raising their child, when I got a call late one night with my son crying, saying: ‘‘They are going to deport my wife.’’ 
We didn’t know she wasn’t an Amer-
ican. She volunteered to lay down her life for our country. My son didn’t know she wasn’t an American citizen; yet she is that DREAMer that we are talking about. She is the American Dream, one who comes to this country and decides to serve it. 
This brings us forward to today. My 
grandson is here; yet we are still debat-ing. For the people that volunteer, the greatest thing they can do is lay down their lives for our country, and we are denying them an opportunity for them to serve our country. 
Where are we as a nation, that great 
melting pot? The strength that makes our country is where we all come from. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. NORCROSS. My daughter-in-law 
only knew America. As far as her mem-ory went, she was here. She went to school with all the other kids, as you heard other people speak about. That is why I am urging us to reject what I think is one of the most cruel things we can do to those who come to our country and want to be American citi-zens. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the amendment and not deny those people who want to serve our country that ability to serve. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the Rules Committee for al-lowing Mr. B
ROOKS ’ amendment to be 
in order. I want to also address these concerns about allowing people to join the military. 
I fought with my own leadership 
against a bill that would allow seques-ter, allow the gutting of our Defense Department. I said it was a mistake. I was told it would never happen. Well, it did. 
If both sides of the aisle want to find 
cuts in other programs so we can re-build our military and let anybody that wants to join the military that is qualified, I am for it, but right now, we are gutting our military. We are telling people who have put their lives in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.056 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2995 May 14, 2015 
harm’s way for us that they are going 
to have to leave. 
This language basically can be taken 
up as judicial notice by the appellate courts to tell Judge Hanen in south Texas Federal court: You were wrong. We are lifting the injunction, the very injunction that our Republican leader said we were relying on in breaking our promise. 
We need this language removed, and 
then let’s work on building the mili-tary back up. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I 
would just say to the gentleman that we are not cutting the military. My friends created a slush fund so they can get around sequestration, with regard to the Pentagon. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank the gentleman. I know a lot of hard work has gone into the preparation of the underlying bill. We are approaching Memorial Day and then celebrating Veterans Day, as we acknowledge our soldiers on the front 
line. 
I hope my colleagues will support the 
Jackson Lee amendments dealing with the outreach to small businesses and minority-owned businesses with the Department of Defense to deal with HBCUs, which are very, very important in equalizing the research opportuni-ties and working to ensure the protec-tion of the DOD software. 
I am hopeful that we will have an op-
portunity to address my issue dealing with post-traumatic stress disorder. I put the first center that was not in a veterans hospital in Houston. I believe we need to realize how devastating PTSD is and ensure that we have the opportunity for more funding. 
The overseas contingency fund needs 
to be restrained and brought in. 
I want to support the amendment by 
Mrs. D
INGELL to assist those American 
citizens who are stuck in Yemen. We must address that. 
I also want to make sure that we do 
not strike the very favorable language dealing with our DREAMers who want to serve their country. 
We should have comprehensive immi-
gration form. We should not vote for the M
OBROOKS amendment. 
Finally, let me say, Mr. Speaker—al-
though not dealing with this—let us acknowledge with sadness those who lost their lives in Pennsylvania and do a better job in infrastructure. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the rule for 
H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 2015’’ and the underlying bill. 
I would like to thank both Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for their 
dedication and hard work on the 2015 NDAA. 
The U.S. war on terror has been waged for 
over a decade and the lesson is clear: our ad-versaries adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geographic limitations. 
In the beginning it was only Al Qaeda—now 
the list includes Boko Haram, Al Shabaab, and ISIS/ISIL. 
The message is clear—the United States 
must expand its capacity to meet the terrorist threat where it emerges. At the same time, we must be constantly 
searching for innovative ways to utilize de-fense technologies and resources for the bet-terment of the American people. 
The National Defense Authorization Act of 
2015 takes important steps toward achieving these goals, and I am proud to have authored several amendments which were made in order on this bill. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #55 calls for out-
reach for small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities prior to conversion of certain functions to contractor performance. 
Contracts issued by the Department of De-
fense represent a substantial portion of. 
These same concerns drove the proposal 
and adoption of Jackson Lee Amendment #64, which provides guidance to the Secretary of Defense on identifying HBCUs and minority serving institutions to assist them in devel-oping scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities. 
Knowledge of STEM fields will be integral in 
the coming years, both for a powerful econ-omy and for the Department of Defense to op-erate at its maximum potential. 
By identifying and engaging HBCUs and 
other minority serving institutions, such as Houston’s own Texas Southern University, which have strong science and engineering programs, the DOD can greatly expand its pool of qualified applicants. 
The final Jackson Lee Amendment which 
was made in order is #125, which ensures that changes made to DOD computing sys-tems using software bought and modified for agency operations will not result in the disrup-tion of DOD operations. 
Increasing cooperation between the DOD 
and other agencies has resulted in incredible breakthroughs in operations and efficiency. 
However, given the importance of DOD 
functions for the security of our nation, it is im-perative that steps be taken to ensure those functions will continue unhindered by any changes to their computing systems. 
Although I am proud to have these amend-
ments included in the NDAA of 2015, several of my other amendments were not included, each of which would have a substantial impact on the well-being of the men and women of the armed services as well as veterans who bravely serve our nation. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #76 calls for in-
creased collaboration between the DOD and the National Institutes of Health to combat Tri-ple Negative Breast Cancer. 
TNBC is a rare from of breast cancer which 
is highly difficult to detect, and which dis-proportionately affects African American and Hispanic women. 
TNBC is especially difficult to treat, because 
it is unaffected by what are normally the most effective and targeted treatments, as well as being extremely aggressive. 
70% of women with metastatic triple nega-
tive breast cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed. 
In addition, according to the Army Times, 
874 military women were diagnosed with breast cancer between 2000 and 2011. 
As a breast cancer survivor myself, I believe 
that we should commit all available resources to combating this horrible condition, including those from the DOD. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #77 seeks to re-
lieve the terrible realities of post-traumatic stress disorder by authorizing an additional 
$2.5 million in funding specifically for this pur-pose. 
Post-traumatic stress disorder is a dev-
astating condition that affects an estimated 20% of veterans. 
Less than 40% of individuals suffering from 
PTSD seek assistance, and those who do often receive care that is only ‘‘minimally ade-quate’’. 
When untreated, PTSD can cause veterans 
to lose their jobs, their homes, and even their own lives. 
Conservative estimates place the suicide 
rate for veterans at approximately 5,000 per year, and male veterans are more than twice as likely as civilians to attempt suicide. 
In the State of Texas we have 1,099,141 
veterans under the age of 65 and 590,618 who are over the age of 65. There are over 1,689,759 veterans living in our State. 
These statistics are especially concerning 
for me, since Houston is both the third largest military retirement community in the United States and the second largest recruiting dis-trict among all the armed services. 
It is clear that our veterans deserve more 
from us, and we must do everything in our power to ensure that they receive the proper care. 
A final issue regarding the NDAA is the con-
cerns expressed by the White House over the spending levels and other provisions included in the bill as written. 
The administration has expressed its objec-
tion to funding levels that it considers too low and incapable of adequately providing for nec-essary force structure and weapon systems reforms, leading senior advisors to rec-ommend that the President veto the bill if it leaves Congress in its current state. 
I hope that the amendments proposed by 
myself and by my fellow Members of Con-gress, as well as by the leaders in the Senate, will address the President’s concerns, and that we can resolve this impasse quickly and effec-tively. 
Mr. BYRNE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts for yield-ing. 
No greater love is there than to lay 
down your life for another. It is a para-phrase. It is biblical, secular. 
Here, we have individuals, the 
DREAMers, who are American in every way possible. They have been schooled here in America, raised here in the United States. Their dream is to be-come American citizens, and they want to give back to a nation that has helped make them who they are. 
I want to congratulate Mr. G
ALLEGO  
for his amendment and his success in committee. I want to congratulate the bipartisan Rules Committee that saw this amendment through here to the floor. I want my Republican colleagues to question the motivations of those who would try to strip this out. 
No greater love—we hope that it 
never comes to actually sacrificing one’s life, but please don’t deny those who want to help serve and protect the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.057 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2996 May 14, 2015 
interests of our country and deny them 
the opportunity to serve in some ca-pacity and to sacrifice maybe their lives for this country, the country that we love, the country that they love, the only country that they have ever known. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Don’t deny the best, 
the brightest, and the bravest the op-portunity to serve in our Nation’s Armed Forces. 
Mr. BYRNE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as I said, there is a lot 
in this bill that we all support, and there is much in this bill that many of us find very objectionable. 
I still have a tough time under-
standing why this House refuses to deal with the fact that we are engaged in a number of wars around the world and this Congress refuses to live up to its constitutional responsibilities to deal with it. 
The gentleman tells us that this is 
not the place. Well, the OCO account is in this bill. It funds some of the wars, so the bill that funds wars seems like the place you would go to talk about these wars; yet not only the amend-ment that I offered, along with the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. S
MITH, and W ALTER  
JONES of North Carolina, but the 
amendments that my colleague B AR-
BARA LEEof California offered on the 
AUMFs, we were told we can’t debate them—no debate. 
We have got men and women in 
harm’s way, but we are not going to de-bate the wars. We are not going to talk about whether this is a good mission. We are not going to talk about the fu-ture of the missions. We are not going to talk about how much it is going to cost. We are not going to talk about anything. We are going to make be-lieve that that is not part of our na-tional defense discussion. It is uncon-scionable. 
For the life of me, I can’t quite un-
derstand why the leadership of this House and the leadership in the Senate refuse to do their job. If you can’t han-dle it, then maybe it is time to leave. 
The second thing is this debate over 
the Gallego amendment. I remind my colleagues it is germane to this bill. This is not some extraneous thing that has nothing to do with this bill. The Parliamentarian said it is germane. The Armed Services Committee, the committee of jurisdiction, debated it. That is what committees are supposed to do. They even voted on it, which is what committees are supposed to do, and they voted ‘‘yes’’ in favor of it. 
If you don’t like it, fine; you can 
strike it, but save all this anti-immi-grant rhetoric, this nastiness. Stop be-littling these men and women who came to this country as children, who know no other country than this coun-
try, who want to serve this country, who want to put their lives on the line for this country. Please don’t diminish what they want to do or what some of them are already doing. 
My colleague says this bill is not 
about immigration. It isn’t about im-migration. This is about the military. The only people that are making this about immigration are my friends on the other side of the aisle, the ones that are saying: If we don’t strip the Gallego amendment from this bill, we are going to vote against the whole NDAA. 
This resentment, this contempt for 
immigrants has resulted in this kind of knee-jerk reaction that we can’t sup-port anything because of that. It is lu-dicrous. 
The bottom line here is that I hope 
my colleagues on both sides of the aisle vote against the Brooks amendment and vote for the Gallego amendment. We can do better than this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
As I predicted in my opening state-
ment, we have heard a lot about a number of things that don’t have to do with the defense of the United States of America. 
For 53 straight years, the Congress of 
the United States and the Presidents of the United States have worked to-gether in a bipartisan fashion to pass a National Defense Authorization Act to provide for the defense of the American people, the number one job we have under the Constitution; yet we find ourselves here today literally tearing ourselves apart as a body over issues that don’t have anything to do with de-fending America. 
I want to urge people on both sides, 
however they feel about all these issues, to understand that whether you win or lose your amendment on the committee or the floor, at the end of 
the day, we come together as Ameri-cans, and we defend our country. That is what our constituents send us here to do. If we can’t come together on that, then we are truly lost as a nation. 
I don’t think we are lost, but we wan-
der off in places we shouldn’t go when we have debates like we have had today. It is unfortunate. 
I am the descendant of immigrants. I 
dare say virtually everybody in this body is a descendant of immigrants. It is not even debatable that immigration is good for this country, or the vast majority of us wouldn’t even be here. That is not the point of this bill. The point of this bill is to defend the coun-try. 
We heard a lot about the OCO ac-
count. It was called a slush fund. This President and Presidents before him have asked for an OCO account every year since it was first created. Not once has it been a slush fund. It has been used to defend the United States of America, as the OCO account that is in this bill will be used to defend the United States of America. The gentleman from Massachusetts 
has been around here longer than I have, but I am sure he knows that the primary jurisdiction of the House for an AUMF—and this Congress—is with the Foreign Affairs Committee, not with the Armed Services Committee that was the committee of jurisdiction on this bill. 
The Foreign Affairs Committee is 
working on an AUMF, but they are waiting for information from the White House, which they haven’t gotten yet. 
Maybe we can get that information 
from the White House, get to work on the AUMF, and get it to this floor in the appropriate vehicle, but the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act is not the appropriate vehicle and so ruled the Rules Committee, and that is what is in this rule. 
I have heard a lot of talk about what 
is germane to the bill and what is not germane to the bill. This is not about germaneness. This is about a central function of the Federal Government. It is about defending the American peo-ple. 
As I stand here today during this de-
bate, I am reminded of the great sac-rifices our men and women in uniform and their families make on a daily basis so that we may continue to de-bate and deliberate in an open way. 
b1530 
Debate and discussion have been the 
foundation of our democracy, and we owe that to our Nation’s military. The least we can do is honor that tradition of service and sacrifice by continuing the bipartisan tradition of passing an NDAA for the 54th straight year. 
Whether there are people on one side 
that want to vote against the bill be-cause there is something in the there they don’t like about immigration or people on the other side are trying to make a partisan point by telling their side, ‘‘Don’t vote for the bill because of OCO,’’ or because we are worried about what it might do to domestic policy programs, we need to put that out of our minds. 
At the end of the day, whatever 
amendments are added or not added to this bill, it is our job to pass this bill to defend the country. 
There will be plenty of opportunity 
for partisan disagreement down the road, but not on this issue. At this time, we need to come together, not as Democrats, not as Republicans, but as Americans. 
Let’s pass this rule. Let’s debate 
these amendments, all 135 of them, but most importantly, let’s pass this act. Let’s give our military men and women the resources they need to do their job. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.058 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2997 May 14, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the resolu-tion will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 1191; and the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2297. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 225] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Barletta 
Capps Cleaver Davis, Danny 
Ribble Sanchez, Loretta Speier 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1600 
Mses. EDWARDS, SLAUGHTER, 
JACKSON LEE, Messrs. CARNEY and GARAMENDI changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO MOURN 
THE TORNADO VICTIMS OF TEXAS AND ARKANSAS 
(Mr. HENSARLING asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, 
many of us are taught that death can come unexpectedly, like a thief in the 
night. The thief came to Texas and Ar-kansas this past weekend in the form of deadly tornadoes and flash floods. 
In the wake of their destructive path 
were left two dead in Nashville, Arkan-sas; one in Cisco, Texas; one in Cor-sicana, Texas; and in the Fifth District that I am proud to represent, one in Henderson County, Texas, and two next door in Van Zandt County, Van, Texas. They have left families, they have left friends, and they have left great holes in their communities that cannot be filled. 
Besides the tragic loss in life, there 
were many who are left injured, and in the case of Van, Texas, one-third of the town is either damaged or destroyed by tornado. 
Should anyone have wonder about 
the future of Van, Texas, as the Mem-ber of Congress, I can tell you you need not worry. The citizens of Van, I know their resilience, I know their values, I know their faith, and I know their can- do optimism. Van, Texas, will be re-built. 
I am joined, Mr. Speaker, today by 
Congressman W
ESTERMAN of Arkansas, 
Congressman B ARTON of Texas, Con-
gressman B URGESS of Texas, and Con-
gressman C ONAWAY of Texas. Their dis-
tricts were hit. Lives were lost in their districts as well. 
Mr. Speaker, as Members, we are 
called upon to vote, we are called upon to speak, we are called upon to lead, and there are times we are called upon to mourn. In many of our faiths, we are taught there is a time for everything, including a time to mourn. Now is that time. 
On behalf of my colleagues in the 
well, I would ask that all Americans remember these good citizens in their prayers and their thoughts. Mr. Speak-er, I would ask that the House join us in honoring those who perished by ob-serving a moment of silence. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
OLD). Without objection, 5-minute 
voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.060 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2998 May 14, 2015 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 400, nays 25, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 226] 
YEAS—400 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart 
Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell 
Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—25 
Babin Blumenauer Brat Buck Burgess Collins (GA) Conyers DeFazio Ellison Farenthold 
Fleming Garrett Gohmert Harris Hudson Huelskamp Johnson (GA) Jordan Massie 
McClintock McDermott Poe (TX) Pompeo Webster (FL) Westmoreland 
NOT VOTING—7 
Barletta 
Capps Cleaver Davis, Danny 
Grijalva Ribble Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1611 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HEZBOLLAH INTERNATIONAL FI-
NANCING PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2297) to prevent Hezbollah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. 
R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 227] 
YEAS—423 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda 
Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.062 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2999 May 14, 2015 
McNerney 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner 
Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Barletta 
Capps Cleaver Davis, Danny 
Hurt (VA) Perlmutter Ribble 
Sanchez, Loretta Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1617 
Ms. KAPTUR changed her vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 227 on H.R. 2297. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes and would like the record to reflect that I would have voted as follows: rollcall No. 225: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 226: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 227: ‘‘yes.’’ MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 606. An Act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
f 
CLARIFICATION OF EFFECTIVE 
DATE OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE BORDER PATROL AGENT PAY REFORM ACT OF 2014 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2252) to clar-ify the effective date of certain provi-sions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2252 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CLARIFICATION OF EFFECTIVE DATE 
OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE BORDER PATROL AGENT PAY RE-FORM ACT OF 2014. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Border 
Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–277) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsections (b), (c), 
(d), and (g), and the amendments made by such subsections, shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2016, except that— 
‘‘(1) any provision in section 5550(b) of title 
5, United States Code, as added by subsection (b), relating to administering elections and making advance assignments to a regular tour of duty shall be applicable before such effective date to the extent determined nec-essary by the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management; and 
‘‘(2) the Director may issue regulations as 
necessary prior to such effective date.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall be deemed to have been enacted on the date of enactment of the Bor-der Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–277). 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 1735. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 260 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1735. 
Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
P
OE) kindly take the chair. 
b1622 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OE(Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, May 13, 2015, all time for general debate pursuant to House Resolution 255 had expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 260, no 
further general debate shall be in order. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–14. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1735 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,&caret; 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; 
TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four 
divisions as follows: 
(1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-
thorizations. 
(2) Division B—Military Construction Author-
izations. 
(3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-
tional Security Authorizations and Other Au-thorizations. 
(4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table 
of contents. 
Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
Sec. 111. Limitation on availability of funds for 
AN/TPQ–53 radar systems. 
Sec. 112. Prioritization of upgraded UH-60 
Blackhawk helicopters within Army National Guard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.013 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3000 May 14, 2015 
Sec. 113. Report on options to accelerate re-
placement of UH–60A Blackhawk helicopters of Army National Guard. 
Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
Sec. 121. Modification to multiyear procurement 
authority for Arleigh Burke class destroyers and associated systems. 
Sec. 122. Procurement authority for aircraft 
carrier programs. 
Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
Sec. 131. Limitation on availability of funds for 
executive communications up-grades for C–20 and C–37 aircraft. 
Sec. 132. Backup inventory status of A–10 air-
craft. 
Sec. 133. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of A–10 aircraft. 
Sec. 134. Prohibition on retirement of EC–130H 
aircraft. 
Sec. 135. Limitation on availability of funds for 
divestment or transfer of KC–10 aircraft. 
Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
Sec. 141. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Joint Battle Command–Platform. 
Sec. 142. Strategy for replacement of A/MH–6 
Mission Enhanced Little Bird air-craft to meet special operations requirements. 
Sec. 143. Independent assessment of United 
States Combat Logistic Force re-quirements. 
Sec. 144. Report on use of different types of en-
hanced 5.56 mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, 
and Limitations 
Sec. 211. Extension of defense research and de-
velopment rapid innovation pro-gram. 
Sec. 212. Limitation on availability of funds for 
medical countermeasures pro-gram. 
Sec. 213. Limitation on availability of funds for 
F–15 infrared search and track capability development. 
Sec. 214. Independent assessment of F135 engine 
program. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
Sec. 221. Expansion of education partnerships 
to support technology transfer and transition. 
Sec. 222. Strategies for engagement with histori-
cally black colleges and univer-sities and minority-serving insti-tutions of higher education. 
Sec. 223. Plan for advanced weapons tech-
nology war games. 
Sec. 224. Comptroller General Review of auto-
nomic logistics information system for F–35 Lightening II aircraft. 
Sec. 225. Briefing on shallow water combat sub-
mersible program. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
Sec. 311. Limitation on procurement of drop-in 
fuels. 
Sec. 312. Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness 
Areas. 
Sec. 313. Revision to scope of statutorily re-
quired review of projects relating to potential obstructions to avia-tion so as to apply only to energy projects. Sec. 314. Exclusions from definition of ‘‘chem-
ical substance’’ under Toxic Sub-stances Control Act. 
Sec. 315. Exemption of Department of Defense 
from alternative fuel procurement requirement. 
Sec. 316. Limitation on plan, design, refur-
bishing, or construction of biofuels refineries. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
Sec. 321. Assignment of certain new require-
ments based on determinations of cost-efficiency. 
Sec. 322. Inclusion in annual technology and 
industrial capability assessments of a determination about defense acquisition program requirements. 
Sec. 323. Amendment to limitation on authority 
to enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or other overhaul of the F117 en-gine. 
Sec. 324. Pilot programs for availability of 
working-capital funds for product improvements. 
Sec. 325. Report on equipment purchased from 
foreign entities that could be manufactured in United States ar-senals or depots. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Sec. 333. Improvements to Department of De-
fense excess property disposal. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. 
Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty 
end strength minimum levels. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active 
duty in support of the reserves. 
Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians 
(dual status). 
Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2016 limitation on number 
of non-dual status technicians. 
Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve personnel 
authorized to be on active duty for operational support. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 421. Military personnel. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
Sec. 501. Equitable treatment of junior officers 
excluded from an all-fully-quali-fied-officers list because of admin-istrative error. 
Sec. 502. Authority to defer until age 68 manda-
tory retirement for age of a gen-eral or flag officer serving as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chap-lains of the Army, Navy, or Air Force. 
Sec. 503. Implementation of Comptroller Gen-
eral recommendation on the defi-nition and availability of costs as-sociated with general and flag of-ficers and their aides. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
Sec. 511. Clarification of purpose of reserve 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory promotion board. 
Sec. 512. Ready Reserve continuous screening 
regarding key positions disquali-fying Federal officials from con-tinued service in the Ready Re-serve. 
Sec. 513. Exemption of military technicians 
(dual status) from civilian em-ployee furloughs. Sec. 514. Annual report on personnel, training, 
and equipment requirements for the non-Federalized National Guard to support civilian authori-ties in prevention and response to non-catastrophic domestic disas-ters. 
Sec. 515. National Guard civil and defense sup-
port activities and related mat-ters. 
Subtitle C—Consolidation of Authorities to 
Order Members of Reserve Components to Per-form Duty 
Sec. 521. Administration of reserve duty. 
Sec. 522. Reserve duty authorities. Sec. 523. Purpose of reserve duty. Sec. 524. Training and other duty performed by 
members of the National Guard. 
Sec. 525. Conforming and clerical amendments. Sec. 526. Effective date and implementation. 
Subtitle D—General Service Authorities 
Sec. 531. Temporary authority to develop and 
provide additional recruitment in-centives. 
Sec. 532. Expansion of authority to conduct 
pilot programs on career flexi-bility to enhance retention of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 533. Modification of notice and wait re-
quirements for change in ground combat exclusion policy for female members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 534. Role of Secretary of Defense in devel-
opment of gender-neutral occupa-tional standards. 
Sec. 535. Burdens of proof applicable to inves-
tigations and reviews related to protected communications of mem-bers of the Armed Forces and pro-hibited retaliatory actions. 
Sec. 536. Revision of name on military service 
record to reflect change in gender identity after separation from the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 537. Establishment of breastfeeding policy 
for the Department of the Army. 
Sec. 538. Sense of the House of Representatives 
regarding Secretary of Defense re-view of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding en-listing certain aliens in the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle E—Military Justice, Including Sexual 
Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response 
Sec. 541. Improvements to Special Victims’ 
Counsel program. 
Sec. 542. Department of Defense civilian em-
ployee access to Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 543. Access to Special Victims’ Counsel for 
former dependents of members and former members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 544. Representation and assistance from 
Special Victims’ Counsel in retal-iatory proceedings. 
Sec. 545. Timely notification to victims of sex- 
related offenses of the availability of assistance from Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 546. Participation by victim in punitive 
proceedings and access to records. 
Sec. 547. Victim access to report of results of 
preliminary hearing under Article 32 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice. 
Sec. 548. Minimum confinement period required 
for conviction of certain sex-re-lated offenses committed by mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 549. Strategy to prevent retaliation against 
members of the Armed Forces who report or intervene on behalf of the victim in instances of sexual assault. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3001 May 14, 2015 
Sec. 550. Improved Department of Defense pre-
vention and response to sexual as-saults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 551. Sexual assault prevention and re-
sponse training for administrators and instructors of the Junior and Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
Sec. 552. Modification of Manual for Courts- 
Martial to require consistent prep-aration of the full record of trial. 
Sec. 553. Inclusion of additional information in 
annual reports regarding Depart-ment of Defense sexual assault prevention and response. 
Sec. 554. Retention of case notes in investiga-
tions of sex-related offenses in-volving members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps. 
Sec. 555. Additional guidance regarding release 
of mental health records of De-partment of Defense medical treatment facilities in cases in-volving any sex-related offense. 
Sec. 556. Public availability of records of cer-
tain proceedings under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice. 
Sec. 557. Revision of Department of Defense Di-
rective-type Memorandum 15-003, relating to Registered Sex Of-fender Identification, Notifica-tion, and Monitoring in the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 558. Improved implementation of changes 
to Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice. 
Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, and 
Transition 
Sec. 561. Availability of preseparation coun-
seling for members of the Armed Forces discharged or released after limited active duty. 
Sec. 562. Availability of additional training op-
portunities under Transition As-sistance Program. 
Sec. 563. Enhancements to Yellow Ribbon Re-
integration Program. 
Sec. 564. Appointments to military service acad-
emies from nominations made by Delegates in Congress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
Sec. 565. Recognition of additional involuntary 
mobilization duty authorities ex-empt from five-year limit on reem-ployment rights of persons who serve in the uniformed services. 
Sec. 566. Job Training and Post-Service Place-
ment Executive Committee. 
Sec. 567. Direct employment pilot program for 
members of the National Guard and Reserve. 
Sec. 568. Program regarding civilian 
credentialing for skills required for certain military occupational specialties. 
Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education and 
Military Family Readiness Matters 
Sec. 571. Continuation of authority to assist 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
Sec. 572. Extension of authority to conduct 
family support programs for im-mediate family members of mem-bers of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
Sec. 573. Support for efforts to improve aca-
demic achievement and transition of military dependent students. Sec. 574. Study regarding feasibility of using 
DEERS to track dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees who are elementary or secondary education students. 
Sec. 575. Sense of Congress regarding support 
for dependents of members of the Armed Forces attending special-ized camps. 
Subtitle H—Decorations and Awards 
Sec. 581. Authorization for award of the Distin-
guished-Service Cross for acts of extraordinary heroism during the Korean War. 
Sec. 582. Limitation on authority of Secretaries 
of the military departments re-garding revocation of combat valor awards. 
Sec. 583. Award of Purple Heart to members of 
the Armed Forces who were vic-tims of the Oklahoma City, Okla-homa, bombing. 
Subtitle I—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 591. Authority for United States Air Force 
Institute of Technology to charge and retain tuition for instruction of persons other than Air Force personnel detailed for instruction at the Institute. 
Sec. 592. Honoring certain members of the re-
serve components as veterans. 
Sec. 593. Support for designation of 2015 as the 
Year of the Military Diver. 
Sec. 594. Transfer and adoption of military ani-
mals. 
Sec. 595. Coordination with non-government 
suicide prevention organizations and agencies to assist in reducing suicides. 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
Sec. 601. Extension of authority to provide tem-
porary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under cer-tain circumstances. 
Sec. 602. Prohibition on per diem allowance re-
ductions based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or ci-vilian travel. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive 
Pays 
Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for re-serve forces. 
Sec. 612. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for health care professionals. 
Sec. 613. One-year extension of special pay and 
bonus authorities for nuclear offi-cers. 
Sec. 614. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to title 37 consolidated spe-cial pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. 
Sec. 615. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. 
Sec. 616. Increase in maximum annual amount 
of nuclear officer bonus pay. 
Sec. 617. Modification to special aviation incen-
tive pay and bonus authorities for officers. 
Sec. 618. Repeal of obsolete special travel and 
transportation allowance for sur-vivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces from the Vietnam conflict. 
Subtitle C—Modernization of Military 
Retirement System 
Sec. 631. Full participation for members of the 
uniformed services in Thrift Sav-ings Plan. 
Sec. 632. Modernized retirement system for 
members of the uniformed serv-ices. Sec. 633. Continuation pay for full TSP mem-
bers with 12 years of service. 
Sec. 634. Effective date and implementation. 
Subtitle D—Commissary and Nonappropriated 
Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
Sec. 641. Preserving Assured Commissary Sup-
ply to Asia and the Pacific. 
Sec. 642. Prohibition on replacement or consoli-
dation of defense commissary and exchange systems pending submis-sion of required report on defense commissary system. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 651. Improvement of financial literacy and 
preparedness of members of the Armed Forces. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
Sec. 701. Joint uniform formulary for transition 
of care. 
Sec. 702. Access to broad range of methods of 
contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration for members of the Armed Forces and military dependents at mili-tary treatment facilities. 
Sec. 703. Access to contraceptive method for du-
ration of deployment. 
Sec. 704. Access to infertility treatment for 
members of the Armed Forces and dependents. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 711. Unified medical command. 
Sec. 712. Licensure of mental health profes-
sionals in TRICARE program. 
Sec. 713. Reports on proposed realignments of 
military medical treatment facili-ties. 
Sec. 714. Pilot program for operation of network 
of retail pharmacies under TRICARE pharmacy benefits pro-gram. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 721. Extension of authority for DOD-VA 
Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. 
Sec. 722. Extension of authority for Joint De-
partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facil-ity Demonstration Fund. 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
Sec. 800. Sense of Congress on the desired tenets 
of the defense acquisition system. 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management 
Sec. 801. Report on linking and streamlining re-
quirements, acquisition, and budget processes within Armed Forces. 
Sec. 802. Required review of acquisition-related 
functions of the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 803. Independent study of matters related 
to bid protests. 
Sec. 804. Procurement of commercial items. Sec. 805. Modification to information required 
to be submitted by offeror in pro-curement of major weapon sys-tems as commercial items. 
Sec. 806. Amendment relating to multiyear con-
tract authority for acquisition of property. 
Sec. 807. Compliance with inventory of con-
tracts for services. 
Subtitle B—Workforce Development and Related 
Matters 
Sec. 811. Amendments to Department of Defense 
Acquisition Workforce Develop-ment Fund. 
Sec. 812. Dual-track military professionals in 
operational and acquisition speci-alities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3002 May 14, 2015 
Sec. 813. Provision of joint duty assignment 
credit for acquisition duty. 
Sec. 814. Requirement for acquisition skills as-
sessment biennial strategic work-force plan. 
Sec. 815. Mandatory requirement for training 
related to the conduct of market research. 
Sec. 816. Independent study of implementation 
of defense acquisition workforce improvement efforts. 
Sec. 817. Extension of demonstration project re-
lating to certain acquisition per-sonnel management policies and procedures. 
Subtitle C—Weapon Systems Acquisition and 
Related Matters 
Sec. 821. Sense of Congress on the desired char-
acteristics for the weapon systems acquisition system. 
Sec. 822. Acquisition strategy required for each 
major defense acquisition program and major system. 
Sec. 823. Revision to requirements relating to 
risk management in development of major defense acquisition pro-grams and major systems. 
Sec. 824. Modification to requirements relating 
to determination of contract type for major defense acquisition pro-grams and major systems. 
Sec. 825. Required determination before Mile-
stone A approval or initiation of major defense acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 826. Required certification and determina-
tion before Milestone B approval of major defense acquisition pro-grams. 
Subtitle D—Industrial Base Matters 
Sec. 831. Codification and amendment of Men-
tor-Protege Program. 
Sec. 832. Amendments to data quality improve-
ment plan. 
Sec. 833. Notice of contract consolidation for 
acquisition strategies. 
Sec. 834. Clarification of requirements related to 
small business contracts for serv-ices. 
Sec. 835. Review of Government access to intel-
lectual property rights of private sector firms. 
Sec. 836. Requirement that certain ship compo-
nents be manufactured in the na-tional technology and industrial base. 
Sec. 837. Policy regarding solid rocket motors 
used in tactical missiles. 
Sec. 838. FAR Council membership for Adminis-
trator of Small Business Adminis-tration. 
Sec. 839. Surety bond requirements and amount 
of guarantee. 
Sec. 840. Certification requirements for procure-
ment center representatives, Busi-ness Opportunity Specialists, and commercial market representa-tives. 
Sec. 841. Including subcontracting goals in 
agency responsibilities. 
Sec. 842. Modifications to requirements for 
qualified HUBZone small business concerns located in a base closure area. 
Sec. 843. Joint venturing and teaming. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 851. Additional responsibility for Director 
of Operational Test and Evalua-tion. 
Sec. 852. Use of recent prices paid by the Gov-
ernment in the determination of price reasonableness. 
Sec. 853. Codification of other transaction au-
thority for certain prototype projects. 
Sec. 854. Amendments to certain acquisition 
thresholds. Sec. 855. Revision of method of rounding when 
making inflation adjustment of acquisition-related dollar thresh-olds. 
Sec. 856. Repeal of requirement for stand-alone 
manpower estimates for major de-fense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 857. Examination and guidance relating to 
oversight and approval of services contracts. 
Sec. 858. Streamlining of requirements relating 
to defense business systems. 
Sec. 859. Consideration of strategic materials in 
preliminary design review. 
Sec. 860. Procurement of personal protective 
equipment. 
Sec. 861. Amendments concerning detection and 
avoidance of counterfeit elec-tronic parts. 
Sec. 862. Revision to duties of the Deputy As-
sistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evalua-tion and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering. 
Sec. 863. Extension of limitation on aggregate 
annual amount available for con-tract services. 
Sec. 864. Use of lowest price, technically accept-
able evaluation method for pro-curement of audit or audit readi-ness services. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Sec. 901. Redesignation of the Department of 
the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
Sec. 902. Change of period for Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff review of the unified command plan. 
Sec. 903. Update of statutory specification of 
functions of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force development activities. 
Sec. 904. Sense of Congress on the United States 
Marine Corps. 
Sec. 905. Additional requirements for stream-
lining of Department of Defense management headquarters. 
Sec. 906. Sense of Congress on performance 
management and workforce incen-tive system. 
Sec. 907. Guidelines for conversion of functions 
performed by civilian or con-tractor personnel to performance by military personnel. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. 
Sec. 1002. Authority to transfer funds to the 
National Nuclear Security Admin-istration to sustain nuclear weap-ons modernization and naval re-actors. 
Sec. 1003. Accounting standards to value cer-
tain property, plant, and equip-
ment items. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
Sec. 1011. Extension of authority to provide ad-
ditional support for counter-drug activities of certain foreign gov-ernments. 
Sec. 1012. Statement of policy on Plan Central 
America. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
Sec. 1021. Restrictions on the overhaul and re-
pair of vessels in foreign ship-yards. 
Sec. 1022. Extension of authority for reimburse-
ment of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat. 
Sec. 1023. Availability of funds for retirement or 
inactivation of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock landing ships. 
Sec. 1024. Limitation on the use of funds for re-
moval of ballistic missile defense capabilities from Ticonderoga class cruisers. Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
Sec. 1031. Permanent authority to provide re-
wards through Government per-sonnel of allied forces and certain other modifications to Department of Defense program to provide re-wards. 
Sec. 1032. Congressional notification of sen-
sitive military operations. 
Sec. 1033. Repeal of semiannual reports on obli-
gation and expenditure of funds for combating terrorism program. 
Sec. 1034. Reports to Congress on contact be-
tween terrorists and individuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1035. Inclusion in reports to Congress in-
formation about recidivism of in-dividuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1036. Prohibition on the use of funds for 
the transfer or release of individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1037. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1038. Prohibition on use of funds to trans-
fer or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to com-bat zones. 
Sec. 1039. Requirements for certifications relat-
ing to the transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to for-eign countries and other foreign entities. 
Sec. 1040. Submission to Congress of certain 
documents relating to transfer of individuals detained at Guanta-namo to Qatar. 
Sec. 1041. Submission of unredacted copies of 
documents relating to the transfer of certain individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
Sec. 1051. Enhancement of authority of Sec-
retary of Navy to use National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. 
Sec. 1052. Department of Defense excess prop-
erty program. 
Sec. 1053. Limitation on transfer of certain AH– 
64 Apache helicopters from Army National Guard to regular Army and related personnel levels. 
Sec. 1054. Space available travel for environ-
mental morale leave by certain spouses and children of deployed members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 1055. Information-related and strategic 
communications capabilities en-gagement pilot program. 
Sec. 1056. Prohibition on use of funds for retire-
ment of helicopter sea combat squadron 84 and 85 aircraft. 
Sec. 1057. Limitation on availability of funds 
for destruction of certain land-mines. 
Sec. 1058. Limitation on availability of funds 
for modifying command and con-trol of United States Pacific Fleet. 
Sec. 1059. Prohibition on the closure of United 
States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
Sec. 1061. Provision of defense planning guid-
ance and contingency planning guidance information to Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3003 May 14, 2015 
Sec. 1062. Modification of certain reports sub-
mitted by Comptroller General of the United States. 
Sec. 1063. Report on implementation of the geo-
graphically distributed force laydown in the area of responsi-bility of United States Pacific Command. 
Sec. 1064. Independent study of national secu-
rity strategy formulation process. 
Sec. 1065. Study and report on role of Depart-
ment of Defense in formulation of long-term strategy. 
Sec. 1066. Report on potential threats to mem-
bers of the Armed Forces of United States Naval Forces Cen-tral Command and United States Fifth Fleet in Bahrain. 
Subtitle G—Repeal or Revision of National 
Defense Reporting Requirements 
Sec. 1071. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to military per-sonnel issues. 
Sec. 1072. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements relating to readiness. 
Sec. 1073. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to naval ves-sels and Merchant Marine. 
Sec. 1074. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to nuclear, proliferation, and related matters. 
Sec. 1075. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to missile de-fense. 
Sec. 1076. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to acquisition. 
Sec. 1077. Repeal or revision of reporting re-
quirements related to civilian per-sonnel. 
Sec. 1078. Repeal or revision of miscellaneous 
reporting requirements. 
Subtitle H—Other Matters 
Sec. 1081. Technical and clerical amendments. 
Sec. 1082. Executive agent for the oversight and 
management of alternative com-pensatory control measures. 
Sec. 1083. Navy support of Ocean Research Ad-
visory Panel. 
Sec. 1084. Level of readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
Fleet carriers. 
Sec. 1085. Authorization of transfer of surplus 
firearms to Corporation for the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Firearms Safety . 
Sec. 1086. Modification of requirements for 
transferring aircraft within the Air Force inventory. 
Sec. 1087. Reestablishment of Commission to As-
sess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack. 
Sec. 1088. Department of Defense strategy for 
countering unconventional war-fare. 
Sec. 1089. Mine countermeasures master plan. Sec. 1090. Congressional notification and brief-
ing requirement on ordered evacu-ations of United States embassies and consulates involving the use of United States Armed Forces. 
Sec. 1091. Determination and disclosure of 
transportation costs incurred by Secretary of Defense for congres-sional trips outside the United States. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
Sec. 1101. One-year extension of temporary au-
thority to grant allowances, bene-fits, and gratuities to civilian per-sonnel on official duty in a com-bat zone. 
Sec. 1102. Authority to provide additional al-
lowances and benefits for defense clandestine service employees. Sec. 1103. Extension of rate of overtime pay for 
Department of the Navy employ-ees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nu-clear-powered aircraft carrier for-ward deployed in Japan. 
Sec. 1104. Modification to temporary authorities 
for certain positions at Depart-ment of Defense research and en-gineering facilities. 
Sec. 1105. Preference eligibility for members of 
reserve components of the armed forces appointed to competitive service; clarification of appeal rights. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
Sec. 1201. One-year extension of logistical sup-
port for coalition forces sup-porting certain United States mili-tary operations. 
Sec. 1202. Strategic framework for Department 
of Defense security cooperation. 
Sec. 1203. Modification and two-year extension 
of National Guard State Partner-ship Program. 
Sec. 1204. Extension of authority for non-recip-
rocal exchanges of defense per-sonnel between the United States and foreign countries. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
Sec. 1211. Commanders’ Emergency Response 
Program in Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-
thority for reimbursement of cer-tain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. 
Sec. 1213. Sense of Congress on United States 
policy and strategy in Afghani-stan. 
Sec. 1214. Extension of authority to acquire 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1215. Extension of authority to transfer de-
fense articles and provide defense services to the military and secu-rity forces of Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1216. Sense of Congress regarding assist-
ance for Afghan translators, in-terpreters, and administrative aids. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and Iraq 
Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to support op-
erations and activities of the Of-fice of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
Sec. 1222. Comprehensive strategy for the Mid-
dle East and to counter Islamic extremism. 
Sec. 1223. Modification of authority to provide 
assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
Sec. 1224. Report on United States Armed 
Forces deployed in support of Op-eration Inherent Resolve. 
Sec. 1225. Modification of authority to provide 
assistance to the vetted Syrian op-position. 
Sec. 1226. Assistance to the Government of Jor-
dan for border security oper-ations. 
Sec. 1227. Report on efforts of Turkey to fight 
terrorism. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Iran 
Sec. 1231. Extension of annual report on mili-
tary power of Iran. 
Sec. 1232. Sense of Congress on the Government 
of Iran’s nuclear program and its malign military activities. 
Sec. 1233. Report on military posture required 
in the Middle East to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weap-on. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
Sec. 1241. Notifications and updates relating to 
testing, production, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or non-state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1242. Notifications of deployment of nu-
clear weapons by Russian Federa-tion to territory of Ukrainian Re-public. 
Sec. 1243. Non-compliance by the Russian Fed-
eration with its obligations under the INF Treaty. 
Sec. 1244. Modification of notification and as-
sessment of proposal to modify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Russian Federa-tion under Open Skies Treaty. 
Sec. 1245. Sense of Congress on support for Es-
tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. 
Sec. 1246. Sense of Congress on support for 
Georgia. 
Subtitle F—Matters Relating to the Asia-Pacific 
Region 
Sec. 1251. Sense of Congress recognizing the 
70th anniversary of the end of Al-lied military engagement in the Pacific theater. 
Sec. 1252. Sense of Congress regarding consoli-
dation of United States military facilities in Okinawa, Japan. 
Sec. 1253. Strategy to promote United States in-
terests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
Sec. 1254. Sense of Congress on the United 
States alliance with Japan. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1261. Non-conventional assisted recovery 
capabilities. 
Sec. 1262. Amendment to the annual report 
under Arms Control and Disar-mament Act. 
Sec. 1263. Permanent authority for NATO spe-
cial operations headquarters. 
Sec. 1264. Extension of authorization to con-
duct activities to enhance the ca-pability of foreign countries to re-spond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction. 
Sec. 1265. Limitation on availability of funds 
for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for arms control implementation. 
Sec. 1266. Modification of authority for support 
of special operations to combat terrorism. 
Sec. 1267. United States-Israel anti-tunnel de-
fense cooperation. 
Sec. 1268. Efforts of the Department of Defense 
to prevent and respond to gender- based violence globally. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat 
Reduction funds. 
Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. 
Sec. 1402. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1403. Chemical Agents and Munitions De-
struction, Defense. 
Sec. 1404. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1405. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1406. Defense Health Program. Sec. 1407. National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. 
Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
Sec. 1411. Extension of date for completion of 
destruction of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and muni-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3004 May 14, 2015 
Subtitle C—Working-Capital Funds 
Sec. 1421. Limitation on furlough of Depart-
ment of Defense employees paid through working-capital funds. 
Sec. 1422. Working-capital fund reserve account 
for petroleum market price fluc-tuations. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Sec. 1431. Authority for transfer of funds to 
Joint Department of Defense-De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
Sec. 1432. Authorization of appropriations for 
Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 1501. Purpose. 
Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1508. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1509. Defense Health program. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional authoriza-
tions. 
Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. 
Subtitle C—European Reassurance Initiative 
and Related Matters 
Sec. 1531. Statement of policy regarding Euro-
pean Reassurance Initiative. 
Sec. 1532. Assistance and sustainment to the 
military and national security forces of Ukraine. 
Subtitle D—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 1541. Continuation of existing limitation on 
use of Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. 
Sec. 1542. Joint Improvised Explosive Device 
Defeat Fund. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
Sec. 1601. Major force program and budget for 
national security space programs. 
Sec. 1602. Modification to development of space 
science and technology strategy. 
Sec. 1603. Rocket propulsion system develop-
ment program. 
Sec. 1604. Modification to prohibition on con-
tracting with Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1605. Delegation of authority regarding 
purchase of Global Positioning System user equipment. 
Sec. 1606. Acquisition strategy for evolved ex-
pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1607. Procurement of wideband satellite 
communications. 
Sec. 1608. Limitation on availability of funds 
for weather satellite follow-on system. 
Sec. 1609. Modification of pilot program for ac-
quisition of commercial satellite communication services. 
Sec. 1610. Prohibition on reliance on China and 
Russia for space-based weather data. 
Sec. 1611. Evaluation of exploitation of space- 
based infrared system against ad-ditional threats. 
Sec. 1612. Plan on full integration and exploi-
tation of overhead persistent in-frared capability. Sec. 1613. Options for rapid space reconstitu-
tion. 
Sec. 1614. Sense of Congress on space defense. Sec. 1615. Sense of Congress on missile defense 
sensors in space. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-Related Activities 
Sec. 1621. Executive agent for open-source intel-
ligence tools. 
Sec. 1622. Waiver and congressional notifica-
tion requirements related to facili-ties for intelligence collection or for special operations abroad. 
Sec. 1623. Prohibition on National Intelligence 
Program consolidation. 
Sec. 1624. Limitation on availability of funds 
for Distributed Common Ground System of the Army. 
Sec. 1625. Limitation on availability of funds 
for Distributed Common Ground System of the United States Spe-cial Operations Command. 
Sec. 1626. Limitation on availability of funds 
for Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
Sec. 1627. Clarification of annual briefing on 
the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the combatant commands. 
Sec. 1628. Department of Defense intelligence 
needs. 
Sec. 1629. Report on management of certain 
programs of Defense intelligence elements. 
Sec. 1630. Government Accountability Office re-
view of intelligence input to the defense acquisition process. 
Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
Sec. 1641. Codification and addition of liability 
protections relating to reporting on cyber incidents or penetrations of networks and information sys-tems of certain contractors. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
Sec. 1651. Organization of nuclear deterrence 
functions of the Air Force. 
Sec. 1652. Assessment of threats to National 
Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System. 
Sec. 1653. Procurement authority for certain 
parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. 
Sec. 1654. Annual briefing on the costs of for-
ward-deploying nuclear weapons in Europe. 
Sec. 1655. Sense of Congress on importance of 
cooperation and collaboration be-
tween United States and United Kingdom on nuclear issues. 
Sec. 1656. Sense of Congress on organization of 
Navy for nuclear deterrence mis-sion. 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
Sec. 1661. Prohibitions on providing certain 
missile defense information to Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1662. Prohibition on integration of missile 
defense systems of China into mis-sile defense systems of United States. 
Sec. 1663. Prohibition on integration of missile 
defense systems of Russian Fed-eration into missile defense sys-tems of United States and NATO. 
Sec. 1664. Limitation on availability of funds 
for long-range discriminating radar. 
Sec. 1665. Limitations on availability of funds 
for Patriot lower tier air and mis-sile defense capability of the Army. 
Sec. 1666. Integration and interoperability of 
air and missile defense capabili-ties of the United States. 
Sec. 1667. Integration of allied missile defense 
capabilities. Sec. 1668. Missile defense capability in Europe. 
Sec. 1669. Availability of funds for Iron Dome 
short-range rocket defense system. 
Sec. 1670. Israeli Cooperative Missile Defense 
Program co-development and po-tential co-production. 
Sec. 1671. Development and deployment of mul-
tiple-object kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland. 
Sec. 1672. Boost phase defense system. Sec. 1673. East Coast homeport of sea-based X- 
band radar. 
Sec. 1674. Plan for medium range ballistic mis-
sile defense sensor alternatives for enhanced defense of Hawaii. 
Sec. 1675. Research and development of non- 
terrestrial missile defense layer. 
Sec. 1676. Aegis Ashore capability development. Sec. 1677. Briefings on procurement and plan-
ning of left-of-launch capability. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 2001. Short title. 
Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and 
amounts required to be specified by law. 
Sec. 2003. Effective date. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2104. Authorization of appropriations, 
Army. 
Sec. 2105. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2106. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2107. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2108. Additional authority to carry out cer-
tain fiscal year 2016 projects. 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, 
Navy. 
Sec. 2205. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2207. Townsend Bombing Range expan-
sion, phase 2. 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air 
Force. 
Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2010 project. 
Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. 
Sec. 2308. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2309. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2310. Limitation on project authorization 
to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3005 May 14, 2015 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation 
projects. 
Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, De-
fense Agencies. 
Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2407. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, 
NATO. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard 
construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construc-
tion and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine 
Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, Na-
tional Guard and Reserve. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
Sec. 2611. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2612. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2613. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for 
base realignment and closure ac-tivities funded through Depart-ment of Defense base closure ac-count. 
Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional 
Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and 
Military Family Housing Changes 
Sec. 2801. Revision of congressional notification 
thresholds for reserve facility ex-penditures and contributions to reflect congressional notification thresholds for minor construction and repair projects. 
Sec. 2802. Authority for acceptance and use of 
contributions from Kuwait for construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait military forces. 
Sec. 2803. Defense laboratory modernization 
pilot program. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
Sec. 2811. Enhancement of authority to accept 
conditional gifts of real property on behalf of military service acad-emies. 
Sec. 2812. Consultation requirement in connec-
tion with Department of Defense major land acquisitions. 
Sec. 2813. Additional master plan reporting re-
quirements related to main oper-ating bases, forward operating sites, and cooperative security lo-cations of Central Command and Africa Command Areas of Respon-sibility. 
Sec. 2814. Force-structure plan and infrastruc-
ture inventory and assessment of infrastructure necessary to sup-port the force structure. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Asia-Pacific 
Military Realignment 
Sec. 2821. Restriction on development of public 
infrastructure in connection with realignment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region. 
Sec. 2822. Annual report on Government of 
Japan contributions toward re-alignment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region. 
Subtitle D—Land Conveyances 
Sec. 2831. Land exchange authority, Mare Is-
land Army Reserve Center, Vallejo, California. 
Sec. 2832. Land exchange, Navy outlying land-
ing field, Naval Air Station, Whit-ing Field, Florida. 
Sec. 2833. Release of property interests retained 
in connection with land convey-ance, Fort Bliss Military Reserva-tion, Texas. 
Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals 
Sec. 2841. Withdrawal and reservation of public 
land, Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, California. 
Sec. 2842. Bureau of Land Management with-
drawn military lands efficiency and savings. 
Subtitle F—Military Memorials, Monuments, 
and Museums 
Sec. 2851. Renaming site of the Dayton Avia-
tion Heritage National Historical Park, Ohio. 
Sec. 2852. Extension of authority for establish-
ment of commemorative work in honor of Brigadier General Francis Marion. 
Sec. 2853. Amendments to the National Historic 
Preservation Act. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 2861. Modification of Department of De-
fense guidance on use of airfield pavement markings. 
Sec. 2862. Protection and recovery of Greater 
Sage Grouse. 
TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY 
OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and 
land acquisition project. 
Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2904. Authorized Defense Agencies con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Adminis-
tration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. 
Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Sec. 3111. Authorized personnel levels of Na-
tional Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. 
Sec. 3112. Full-time equivalent contractor per-
sonnel levels. 
Sec. 3113. Improvement to accountability of De-
partment of Energy employees and projects. 
Sec. 3114. Cost-benefit analyses for competition 
of management and operating contracts. 
Sec. 3115. Nuclear weapon design responsive-
ness program. 
Sec. 3116. Disposition of weapons-usable pluto-
nium. 
Sec. 3117. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for fixed site radiological portal monitors in foreign countries. 
Sec. 3118. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for provision of defense nuclear nonproliferation assistance to Russian Federation. 
Sec. 3119. Limitation on authorization of pro-
duction of special nuclear mate-rial outside the United States by foreign country with nuclear naval propulsion program. 
Sec. 3120. Limitation on availability of funds 
for development of certain nuclear nonproliferation technologies. 
Sec. 3121. Limitation on availability of funds 
for unilateral disarmament. 
Sec. 3122. Use of best practices for capital asset 
projects and nuclear weapon life extension programs. 
Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
Sec. 3131. Root cause analyses for certain cost 
overruns. 
Sec. 3132. Extension and modification of certain 
annual reports on nuclear non-proliferation. 
Sec. 3133. Governance and management of nu-
clear security enterprise. 
Sec. 3134. Assessments on nuclear proliferation 
risks and nuclear nonprolifera-tion opportunities. 
Sec. 3135. Independent review of laboratory-di-
rected research and development programs. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Sec. 3141. Transfer, decontamination, and de-
commissioning of nonoperational facilities. 
Sec. 3142. Research and development of ad-
vanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. 
Sec. 3143. Plutonium pit production capacity. Sec. 3144. Analysis of alternatives for Mobile 
Guardian Transporter program. 
Sec. 3145. Development of strategy on risks to 
nonproliferation caused by addi-tive manufacturing. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
Sec. 3201. Authorization. 
Sec. 3202. Administration of Defense Nuclear 
Facilities Safety Board. 
TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM 
RESERVES 
Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME 
ADMINISTRATION 
Sec. 3501. Authorization of appropriations for 
national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal year 2016. 
Sec. 3502. Sense of Congress regarding Maritime 
Security Fleet program. 
Sec. 3503. Update of references to the Secretary 
of Transportation regarding un-employment insurance and vessel operators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3006 May 14, 2015 
Sec. 3504. Reliance on classification society cer-
tification for purposes of eligi-bility for certificate of inspection. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding 
tables. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
Sec. 4101. Procurement. 
Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency 
operations. 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. 
Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for over-
seas contingency operations. 
Sec. 4303. Operation and maintenance for over-
seas contingency operations for base requirements. 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 4401. Military personnel. 
Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas con-
tingency operations. 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. 
Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas 
contingency operations. 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 4601. Military construction. 
Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas 
contingency operations. 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national secu-
rity programs. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense 
committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4101. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR AN/TPQ–53 RADAR SYS-TEMS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for AN/TPQ–53 radar systems, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the As-sistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics submits to the con-gressional defense committees the review under subsection (b). 
(b) R
EVIEW .—The Assistant Secretary of the 
Army for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall— 
(1) review the appropriateness of the current 
delegation of milestone decision authority for the AN/TPQ–53 radar program to the Program Executive Officer for Missiles and Space; and 
(2) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees such review. 
SEC. 112. PRIORITIZATION OF UPGRADED UH-60 
BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS WITHIN ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) P RIORITIZATION OF UPGRADES .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of the National Guard Bu-
reau shall issue guidance regarding the fielding of upgraded UH–60 Blackhawk helicopters to units of the Army National Guard. Such guid-ance shall prioritize for such fielding the units of the Army National Guard with assigned UH– 60 helicopters that have the most flight hours and the highest annual usage rates within the UH–60 fleet of the Army National Guard, con-sistent with the force generation unit readiness requirements of the Army. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after 
which the Chief of the National Guard Bureau issues the guidance under subsection (a), the Chief shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that details such guidance. 
SEC. 113. REPORT ON OPTIONS TO ACCELERATE 
REPLACEMENT OF UH–60A BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS OF ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
Not later than March 1, 2016, the Secretary of 
the Army shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report containing detailed options for the potential acceleration of the re-placement of all UH–60A helicopters of the Army National Guard by not later than September 30, 2020. The report shall include the following: 
(1) The additional funding and quantities re-
quired, listed by each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, for H–60M production, UH–60A- to-L RECAP, and UH-60L-to-V RECAP that is necessary to achieve such replacement of all UH-60A helicopters by September 30, 2020. 
(2) Any industrial base limitations that may 
affect such acceleration, including with respect to the production schedules for the other variants of the UH–60 helicopter. 
(3) The potential effects of such acceleration 
on the planned replacement of all UH–60A heli-copters of the regular components of the Armed Forces by September 30, 2025. 
(4) Identification of any additional funding or 
resources required to train members of the Na-tional Guard to operate and maintain UH–60M aircraft in order to achieve such replacement of all UH-60A helicopters by September 30, 2020. 
(5) Any other matters the Secretary determines 
appropriate. 
Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. MODIFICATION TO MULTIYEAR PRO-
CUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR ARLEIGH BURKE CLASS DESTROY-ERS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS. 
Section 123(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1655) is amended by inserting ‘‘or Flight III’’ after ‘‘Flight IIA’’. 
SEC. 122. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR AIR-
CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAMS. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT AUTHORITY IN SUPPORT OF  
CONSTRUCTION OF FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CAR-
RIERS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY FOR ECONOMIC ORDER QUAN -
TITY.—The Secretary of the Navy may procure 
materiel and equipment in support of the con-struction of the Ford class aircraft carriers des-ignated CVN–80 and CVN–81 in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. 
(2) L
IABILITY .—Any contract entered into 
under paragraph (1) shall provide that any obli-gation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. 
(b) R
EFUELING AND COMPLEX OVERHAUL OF  
NIMITZ CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy 
may carry out the nuclear refueling and com-plex overhaul of each of the following Nimitz class aircraft carriers: 
(A) U.S.S. George Washington (CVN–73). (B) U.S.S. John C. Stennis (CVN–74). (C) U.S.S. Harry S. Truman (CVN–75). (D) U.S.S. Ronald Reagan (CVN–76). (E) U.S.S. George H.W. Bush (CVN–77). 
(2) U
SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re-
spect to any contract entered into under para-graph (1) for the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of a Nimitz class aircraft carrier, the Secretary may use incremental funding for a pe-riod not to exceed six years after advance pro-curement funds for such nuclear refueling and complex overhaul effort are first obligated. 
(3) C
ONDITION FOR OUT -YEAR CONTRACT PAY -
MENTS .—Any contract entered into under para-
graph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for that later fiscal year. 
Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 131. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR EXECUTIVE COMMU-NICATIONS UPGRADES FOR C–20 AND C–37 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to upgrade the ex-ecutive communications of C–20 and C–37 air-craft until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such upgrades do not— 
(1) cause such aircraft to exceed any weight 
limitation; or 
(2) reduce the operational capability of such 
aircraft. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary— 
(1) determines that such waiver is necessary 
for the national security interests of the United States; and 
(2) notifies the congressional defense commit-
tees of such waiver. 
SEC. 132. BACKUP INVENTORY STATUS OF A–10 
AIRCRAFT. 
(a) M AXIMUM NUMBER .—In carrying out sec-
tion 133(b)(2)(A) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3315), the Secretary of the Air Force may not move more than 18 A–10 aircraft in the active component to backup flying status pursuant to an authorization made by the Sec-retary of Defense under such section. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such section 
133(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘36’’ and in-serting ‘‘18’’. 
SEC. 133. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF A–10 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORRETIREMENT .—Except as provided by sec-
tion 132, none of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inven-tory status any A–10 aircraft. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIRE -
MENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided by sec-
tion 132, and in addition to the limitation in subsection (a), during the period before Decem-ber 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying status any A–10 aircraft. 
(2) M
INIMUM INVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inven-tory. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORSIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEV-
ELS.—None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be ob-ligated or expended to make significant reduc-tions to manning levels with respect to any A– 10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3007 May 14, 2015 
(d) A DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON SIGNIFICANT  
REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEVELS .—-In addition 
to the limitation in subsection (c), during the period before December 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not make significant reduc-tions to manning levels with respect to any A– 10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
(e) S
TUDY ON REPLACEMENT CAPABILITY RE-
QUIREMENTS OR MISSION PLATFORM FOR THE A– 
10 A IRCRAFT .— 
(1) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall commission an appropriate entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an analysis of alternatives. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subparagraph (A) shall include each of the following: 
(i) Future needs analysis for the current A–10 
aircraft mission set to include troops-in-contact/ close air support, air interdiction, strike control and reconnaissance, and combat search and res-cue support in both contested and uncontested battle environments. At a minimum, the needs analysis should specifically address the fol-lowing areas: 
(I) The ability to safely and effectively con-
duct troops-in-contact/danger close missions or missions in close proximity to civilians in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground maneuver units. 
(II) The ability to effectively target and de-
stroy moving, camouflaged, or dug-in troops, and artillery. 
(III) The ability to engage, target, and destroy 
tanks and armored personnel carriers, including with respect to the carrying capacity of armor- piercing weaponry, including mounted cannons and missiles. 
(IV) The ability to remain within visual range 
of friendly forces and targets to facilitate re-sponsiveness to ground forces and minimize re- attack times. 
(V) The ability to safely conduct close air sup-
port beneath low cloud ceilings and in reduced visibilities at low airspeeds in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground ma-neuver units. 
(VI) The ability of the pilot and aircraft to 
survive direct hits from small arms, machine guns, MANPADs, and lower caliber anti-air-craft artillery organic or attached to enemy ground forces and maneuver units. 
(VII) The ability to communicate effectively 
with ground forces and downed pilots, including in communications jamming or satellite-denied environments. 
(VIII) The ability to execute the missions de-
scribed in subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV) in a GPS- or satellite-denied environment with or without sensors. 
(IX) The ability to deliver multiple lethal fir-
ing passes and sustain long loiter endurance to support friendly forces throughout extended ground engagements. 
(X) The ability to operate from unprepared 
dirt, grass, and narrow road runways and to generate high sortie rates under these austere conditions. 
(ii) Identification and assessment of gaps in 
the ability of existing and programmed mission platforms in providing required capabilities to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iii) Assessment of operational effectiveness of 
existing and programmed mission platforms to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iv) Assessment of probability of likelihood of 
conducting missions requiring troops-in-contact/ close air support operations specified in clause (i) in contested environments as compared to uncontested environments. 
(v) Any other matters the independent entity 
or the Secretary of the Air Force determines to be appropriate. (2) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the assessment required under paragraph (1). 
(B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
paragraph (A) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified ex-ecutive summary and may contain an unclassi-fied annex. 
(3) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notification previously submitted to Congress by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under paragraph (2) in lieu of including such information in the report required under paragraph (2). 
SEC. 134. PROHIBITION ON RETIREMENT OF EC– 
130H AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORRETIREMENT .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any EC–130H aircraft. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT .— 
In addition to the limitation in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying status any EC–130H aircraft until a period of 60 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary submits the report under subsection (c)(3)(A). 
(c) S
TUDY ON REPLACEMENT CAPABILITY RE-
QUIREMENTS OR MISSION PLATFORM FOR THE  
EC–130H A IRCRAFT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall commission an assessment of the re-quired capabilities or mission platform to replace the EC–130H aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an anal-ysis of alternatives. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under paragraph (1) shall include each of the following: 
(A) Future needs analysis for the current EC– 
130H aircraft electronic warfare mission set to include suppression of sophisticated enemy air defense systems, advanced radar jamming, avoiding radar detection, communications, sens-ing, satellite navigation, command and control, and battlefield awareness. 
(B) A review of operating concepts for air-
borne electronic attack. 
(C) An assessment of upgrades to the elec-
tronic warfare systems of EC–130H aircraft, the costs of such upgrades, and expected upgrades through 2025, and the expected service life of EC–130H aircraft. 
(D) A review of the global proliferation of 
more sophisticated air defenses and advanced commercial digital electronic devices which counter the airborne electronic attack capabili-ties of the United States by state and non-state actors. 
(E) An assessment of the ability of the current 
EC–130H fleet to meet to meet tasking require-ments of the combatant commanders. 
(F) Any other matters the Secretary deter-
mines appropriate. 
(3) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report that includes the assessments required under subparagraph (1). 
(B) F
ORM.—The report under subparagraph 
(A) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified executive summary and may contain an unclassified annex. 
(4) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notification 
previously submitted to the congressional de-fense committees by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under paragraph (1) instead of includ-ing such information in such report. 
SEC. 135. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DIVESTMENT OR TRANS-FER OF KC–10 AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be ob-ligated or expended during such fiscal year to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or trans-fer, KC–10 aircraft. 
Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 141. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR JOINT BATTLE COM-MAND–PLATFORM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for joint battle command–platform equipment, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a pe-riod of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics sub-mits to the congressional defense committees the report under subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that provides a detailed test and evaluation plan to address the effectiveness, suitability, and survivability shortfalls of the joint battle command–platform identified by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation in the fiscal year 2014 report of the Director submitted to Congress. 
SEC. 142. STRATEGY FOR REPLACEMENT OF A/ 
MH–6 MISSION ENHANCED LITTLE BIRD AIRCRAFT TO MEET SPECIAL OPERATIONS REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a strategy for replac-ing A/MH–6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird air-craft to meet the rotary-wing, light attack, re-connaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) An updated schedule and display of pro-
grammed A/MH–6 Block 3.0 modernization and upgrades, showing usable life of the fleet, and the anticipated service life extensions of all A/ MH–6 platforms. 
(2) A description of current and future rotary- 
wing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements and platforms particular to special operations, including key performance parameters of future platforms. 
(3) The feasibility of military department-com-
mon platforms satisfying future rotary-wing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements par-ticular to special operations. 
(4) The feasibility of commercially available 
platforms satisfying future rotary-wing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
(5) The anticipated funding requirements for 
the special operation forces major force program for the development and procurement of an A/ MH–6 replacement platform if military depart-ment-common platforms described in paragraph (3) are not available or if commercially available platforms described in paragraph (4) are lever-aged. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
SEC. 143. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF UNITED 
STATES COMBAT LOGISTIC FORCE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3008 May 14, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall seek to enter into an agreement with a fed-erally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capa-bility to conduct an assessment of the antici-pated future demands of the combat logistics force ships of the Navy and the challenges such ships may face when conducting and supporting future naval operations in contested maritime environments. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment under para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the programmed ability 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support the Navy and the naval forces of allies of the United States that are operating in a dis-persed manner and not concentrated in carrier or expeditionary strike groups, in accordance with the concept of distributed lethality of the Navy. 
(B) An assessment of the programmed ability 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support the Navy and the naval forces of allies of the United States that are engaged in major combat operations against an adversary pos-sessing maritime anti-access and area-denial ca-pabilities, including anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles, land-based maritime strike air-craft, submarines, and sea mines. 
(C) An assessment of the programmed ability 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support distributed and expeditionary air oper-ations from an expanded set of alternative and austere air bases in accordance with concepts under development by the Air Force and the Marine Corps. 
(D) An assessment of gaps and deficiencies in 
the capability and capacity of the United States Combat Logistic Force to conduct and support operations of the United States and allies under the conditions described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C). 
(E) Recommendations for adjustments to the 
programmed ability of the United States Combat Logistic Force to address capability and capac-ity gaps and deficiencies described in subpara-graph (D). 
(F) Any other matters the federally funded re-
search and development center considers appro-priate. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that in-cludes the assessment under subsection (a) and any other matters the Secretary considers ap-propriate. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) S
UPPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
provide the federally funded research and devel-opment center that conducts the assessment under subsection (a) with timely access to ap-propriate information, data, resources, and analyses necessary for the center to conduct such assessment thoroughly and independently. 
SEC. 144. REPORT ON USE OF DIFFERENT TYPES 
OF ENHANCED 5.56 MM AMMUNITION BY THE ARMY AND THE MARINE CORPS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the use in combat of two different types of enhanced 5.56 mm ammunition by the Army and the Ma-rine Corps. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) An explanation of the reasons for the 
Army and the Marine Corps to use in combat two different types of enhanced 5.56 mm ammu-nition. 
(2) An explanation of the appropriateness, ef-
fectiveness, and suitability issues that may arise from the use of such different types of ammuni-tion. (3) An explanation of any additional costs 
that have resulted from the use of such different types of ammunition. 
(4) An explanation of any future plans of the 
Army or the Marine Corps to eventually transi-tion to using in combat one standard type of en-hanced 5.56 mm ammunition. 
(5) If there are no plans described in para-
graph (4), an analysis of the potential benefits of a transition described in such paragraph, in-cluding the timeline for such a transition to occur. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary determines 
appropriate. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation as specified in the funding table in section 4201. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. EXTENSION OF DEFENSE RESEARCH 
AND DEVELOPMENT RAPID INNOVA-TION PROGRAM. 
Subsection (d) of section 1073 of the Ike Skel-
eton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2020’’. 
SEC. 212. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR MEDICAL COUNTER-MEASURES PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for advanced development and manufacturing ac-tivities under the medical countermeasure pro-gram, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until 45 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the report under subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a report on the advanced development and manufacturing activities under the medical countermeasure program that includes the following: 
(1) An overall description of the program, in-
cluding validated Department of Defense re-quirements. 
(2) Program goals, proposed metrics of per-
formance, and anticipated procurement and op-erations and maintenance costs during the pe-riod covered by the current future years defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. 
(3) The results of any analysis of alternatives 
and efficiency reviews conducted by the Sec-retary that justifies the manufacturing and pri-vately financed construction of an advanced manufacturing and development facility rather than using other programs and facilities of the Federal Government or industry facilities for advanced development and manufacturing of medical countermeasures. 
(4) An independent cost-benefit analysis that 
justifies the manufacturing and privately fi-nanced construction of an advanced manufac-turing and development facility described in paragraph (3). 
(5) If no independent cost-benefit analysis 
makes the justification described in paragraph (4), an explanation for why such manufacturing and privately financed construction cannot be so justified. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
determines appropriate. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report under subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees a review of such report. 
SEC. 213. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR F–15 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK CAPABILITY DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for F– 15 infrared search and track capability, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until a period of 30 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which the Secretary of De-fense submits to the congressional defense com-mittees the report under subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the re-quirements and cost estimates for the develop-ment and procurement of infrared search and track capability for F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft of the Navy and the Air Force. The report shall in-clude the following: 
(1) A comparison of the requirements between 
the F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track development efforts of the Navy and the Air Force. 
(2) An explanation of any differences between 
the F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track capability development efforts of the Navy and the Air Force. 
(3) A summary of the schedules and required 
funding to develop and field such capability. 
(4) An explanation of any need for the Navy 
and the Air Force to field different F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track systems. 
(5) Any other matters the Secretary determines 
appropriate. 
SEC. 214. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF F135 
ENGINE PROGRAM. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall seek to enter into a contract with a feder-ally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the F135 engine pro-gram. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the reliability, growth, 
and cost reduction efforts with respect to the F135 engine program, including— 
(A) a detailed description of the reliability 
and cost history of the engine; 
(B) the identification of key reliability and 
cost challenges to the program as of the date of the assessment; and 
(C) the identification of any potential options 
for addressing such challenges. 
(2) In accordance with subsection (c), a thor-
ough assessment of the incident on June 23, 2014, consisting of an F135 engine failure and subsequent fire, including— 
(A) the identification and definition of the 
root cause of the incident; 
(B) the identification of potential actions or 
design changes needed to address such root cause; and 
(C) the associated cost, schedule, and perform-
ance implications of such incident to both the F135 engine program and the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. 
(c) C
ONDUCT OF ASSESSMENT .—The federally 
funded research and development center se-lected to conduct the assessment under sub-section (a) shall carry out subsection (b)(2) by analyzing data collected by the F–35 Joint Pro-gram Office, other elements of the Federal Gov-ernment, or contractors. Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting the plans of the Secretary to dispose of the aircraft involved in the incident described in such subsection (b)(2). 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the as-sessment conducted under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3009 May 14, 2015 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 221. EXPANSION OF EDUCATION PARTNER-
SHIPS TO SUPPORT TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND TRANSITION. 
Section 2194(a) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting after ‘‘mathematics,’’ the following: ‘‘technology transfer or transi-tion,’’. 
SEC. 222. STRATEGIES FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY- SERVING INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
(a) M ILITARY DEPARTMENTS .— 
(1) S TRATEGY .—The Secretaries of the military 
departments shall each develop a strategy for how to engage with and support the develop-ment of scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities of covered educational institutions in carrying out section 2362 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each strategy under para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Goals and vision for maintaining a cred-
ible and sustainable program relating to the en-gagement and support under the strategy. 
(B) Metrics to enhance scientific, technical, 
engineering, and mathematics capabilities at covered educational institutions, including with respect to measuring progress towards increas-ing the success of such institutions to compete for broader research funding sources other than set-aside funds. 
(C) Promotion of mentoring opportunities be-
tween covered educational institutions and other research institutions. 
(D) Regular assessment of activities that are 
used to develop, maintain, and grow scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capa-bilities. 
(E) Inclusion of faculty of covered edu-
cational institutions into program reviews, peer reviews, and other similar activities. 
(F) Targeting of undergraduate, graduate, 
and postgraduate students at covered edu-cational institutions for inclusion into research or internship opportunities within the military department. 
(b) O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall develop and implement a strat-egy for how to engage with and support the de-velopment of scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities of covered edu-cational institutions pursuant to the strategies developed under subsection (a). 
(c) S
UBMISSION .— 
(1) M ILITARY DEPARTMENTS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the military departments shall each submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy developed by the Sec-retary under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy developed under subsection (b). 
(d) C
OVERED INSTITUTION DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered educational institu-tion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2362(e) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 223. PLAN FOR ADVANCED WEAPONS TECH-
NOLOGY WAR GAMES. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall develop a plan for in-tegrating advanced weapons technologies into exercises carried out individually and jointly by the military departments to improve the develop-ment and experimentation of various concepts for employment by the Armed Forces. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of specific exercises to be 
carried out individually or jointly by the mili-tary departments under the plan. 
(2) Identification of emerging advanced weap-
ons technologies based on joint and individual recommendations of the military departments, 
including with respect to directed-energy weap-ons, hypersonic strike systems, autonomous sys-tems, or other technologies as determined by the Secretary. 
(3) A schedule for integrating either prototype 
capabilities or table-top exercises into relevant exercises. 
(4) A method for capturing lessons learned 
and providing feedback both to the developers of the advanced weapons technology and the mili-tary departments. 
(c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plan under subsection (a). 
SEC. 224. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF 
AUTONOMIC LOGISTICS INFORMA-TION SYSTEM FOR F–35 LIGHTENING II AIRCRAFT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the autonomic logistics information system for the F–35 Lightening II aircraft pro-gram. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) The fielding status, in terms of units 
equipped with various software and hardware configurations, for the autonomic logistics infor-mation system element of the F–35 Lightening II aircraft program, as of the date of the report. 
(2) The development schedule for upgrades to 
the autonomic logistics information system, and an assessment of the ability of the F–35 Light-ening II aircraft program to maintain such schedule. 
(3) The views of maintenance personnel and 
other personnel involved in operating and main-taining F–35 Lightening II aircraft in testing and operational units. 
(4) The effect of the autonomic logistics infor-
mation system program on the operational avail-ability of the F–35 Lightening II aircraft pro-gram. 
(5) Improvements, if any, regarding the time 
required for maintenance personnel to input data and use the autonomic logistics informa-tion system. 
(6) The ability of the autonomic logistics in-
formation system to be deployed on both ships and to forward land-based locations, including any limitations of such a deployable version. 
(7) The cost estimates for development and 
fielding of the autonomic logistics information system program and an assessment of the capa-bility of the program to address performance problems within the planned resources. 
(8) Other matters regarding the autonomic lo-
gistics information system that the Comptroller General determines of critical importance to the long-term viability of the system. 
SEC. 225. BRIEFING ON SHALLOW WATER COMBAT 
SUBMERSIBLE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the first arti-
cle delivery date of the shallow water combat submersible program of the United States Spe-cial Operations Command, the Secretary of De-fense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on such program. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) An updated acquisition strategy, schedule, 
and costs for the shallow water combat submers-ible program. 
(2) Major milestones for the program during 
the period beginning with the delivery of addi-tional articles and ending on the full oper-ational capability date. 
(3) Performance of contractors and sub-
contractors under the program. 
(4) Integration with dry deck shelter and 
other diving technologies. 
(5) Any other element the Secretary or the 
Commander of the United States Special Oper-ations Command determine appropriate. TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. LIMITATION ON PROCUREMENT OF 
DROP-IN FUELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 173 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2922h. Limitation on procurement of drop- 
in fuels 
‘‘(a) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), the Secretary of Defense may not make a bulk purchase of a drop-in fuel for oper-ational purposes unless the fully burdened cost of that drop-in fuel is cost-competitive with the fully burdened cost of a traditional fuel avail-able for the same purpose. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—(1) Subject to the requirements 
of paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation under subsection (a) with respect to a purchase. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after issuing a 
waiver under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees notice of the waiver. Any such notice shall include each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The rationale of the Secretary for issuing 
the waiver. 
‘‘(B) A certification that the waiver is in the 
national security interest of the United States. 
‘‘(C) The expected fully burdened cost of the 
purchase for which the waiver is issued. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘drop-in fuel’ means a neat or 
blended liquid hydrocarbon fuel designed as a direct replacement for a traditional fuel with comparable performance characteristics and compatible with existing infrastructure and equipment. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘traditional fuel’ means a liquid 
hydrocarbon fuel derived or refined from petro-leum. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘operational purposes’— ‘‘(A) means for the purposes of conducting 
military operations, including training, exer-cises, large scale demonstrations, and moving and sustaining military forces and military plat-forms; and 
‘‘(B) does not include research, development, 
testing, evaluation, fuel certification, or other demonstrations. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘fully burdened cost’ means the 
commodity price of the fuel plus the total cost of all personnel and assets required to move and, when necessary, protect the fuel from the point at which the fuel is received from the commer-cial supplier to the point of use.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2922g the following new item: 
‘‘2922h. Limitation on procurement of drop-in 
fuels.’’. 
SEC. 312. SOUTHERN SEA OTTER MILITARY READ-
INESS AREAS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS.—Chapter 
631 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea 
Otter Military Readiness Areas 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall establish areas, to be known as ‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’, for national defense purposes. Such areas shall include each of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3010 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(1) The area that includes Naval Base Ven-
tura County, San Nicolas Island, and Begg Rock and the adjacent and surrounding waters 
within the following coordinates: 
‘‘N. Latitude/W. Longitude 
33°27.8′/119°34.3′
33°20.5′/119°15.5′
33°13.5′/119°11.8′
33°06.5′/119°15.3′
33°02.8′/119°26.8′
33°08.8′/119°46.3′
33°17.2′/119°56.9′
33°30.9′/119°54.2′. 
‘‘(2) The area that includes Naval Base Coro-
nado, San Clemente Island and the adjacent and surrounding waters running parallel to shore to 3 nautical miles from the high tide line designated by part 165 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, on May 20, 2010, as the San Clemente Island 3NM Safety Zone. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES WITHIN THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER ENDANGERED  
SPECIES ACT OF 1973 .—Sections 4 and 9 of the En-
dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533, 1538) shall not apply with respect to the inci-dental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
‘‘(2) I
NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER MARINE MAM -
MAL PROTECTION ACT OF 1972 .—Sections 101 and 
102 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371, 1372) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT AS SPECIES PROPOSED TO BE  
LISTED .—For purposes of conducting a military 
readiness activity, any southern sea otter while within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readi-ness Areas shall be treated for the purposes of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) as a member of a species that is proposed to be listed as an endangered species or a threatened species under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL .—Nothing in this section or 
any other Federal law shall be construed to re-quire that any southern sea otter located within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas be removed from the Areas. 
‘‘(d) R
EVISION OR TERMINATION OF EXCEP-
TIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior may revise 
or terminate the application of subsection (b) if the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, determines that military activities occurring in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas are impeding the southern sea otter conservation or the return of southern sea otters to optimum sustainable pop-ulation levels. 
‘‘(e) M
ONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy 
shall conduct monitoring and research within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas to determine the effects of military readi-ness activities on the growth or decline of the southern sea otter population and on the near- shore ecosystem. Monitoring and research pa-rameters and methods shall be determined in consultation with the Service. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 24 months after 
the date of the enactment of this section and every three years thereafter, the Secretary of the Navy shall report to Congress and the public on monitoring undertaken pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) S OUTHERN SEA OTTER .—The term ‘south-
ern sea otter’ means any member of the sub-species Enhydra lutris nereis. 
‘‘(2) T
AKE.—The term ‘take’— 
‘‘(A) when used in reference to activities sub-
ject to regulation by the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), shall have the meaning given such term in that Act; and 
‘‘(B) when used in reference to activities sub-
ject to regulation by the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) shall have the meaning given such term in that Act. 
‘‘(3) I
NCIDENTAL TAKING .—The term ‘inci-
dental taking’ means any take of a southern sea otter that is incidental to, and not the purpose of, the carrying out of an otherwise lawful ac-tivity. 
‘‘(4) M
ILITARY READINESS ACTIVITY .—The term 
‘military readiness activity’ has the meaning given that term in section 315(f) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (16 U.S.C. 703 note) and in-cludes all training and operations of the armed forces that relate to combat and the adequate and realistic testing of military equipment, vehi-cles, weapons, and sensors for proper operation and suitability for combat use. 
‘‘(5) O
PTIMUM SUSTAINABLE POPULATION .—The 
term ‘optimum sustainable population’ means, with respect to any population stock, the num-ber of animals that will result in the maximum productivity of the population or the species, keeping in mind the carrying capacity of the habitat and the health of the ecosystem of which they form a constituent element.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea 
Otter Military Readiness Areas.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1 of 
Public Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 313. REVISION TO SCOPE OF STATUTORILY 
REQUIRED REVIEW OF PROJECTS RELATING TO POTENTIAL OBSTRUC-TIONS TO AVIATION SO AS TO APPLY ONLY TO ENERGY PROJECTS. 
(a) S COPE OF SECTION .—Section 358 of the Ike 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4200; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘from State 
and local officials or the developer of a renew-able energy development or other energy project’’ and inserting ‘‘from a State govern-ment, an Indian tribal government, a local gov-ernment, a landowner, or the developer of an energy project’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(4), by striking ‘‘readiness, 
and’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘readi-ness and to clearly communicate actions being taken by the Department of Defense to the party requesting an early project review under this section.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘as 
high, medium, or low’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (k); and (5) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-
lowing new subsection (j): 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY OF SECTION .—This section 
does not apply to a non-energy project.’’. 
(b) D EFINITIONS .—Subsection (k) of such sec-
tion, as redesignated by paragraph (4) of sub-section (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) The term ‘energy project’ means a project 
that provides for the generation or transmission of electrical energy. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘non-energy project’ means a 
project that is not an energy project. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘landowner’ means a person or 
other legal entity that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located.’’. 
SEC. 314. EXCLUSIONS FROM DEFINITION OF 
‘‘CHEMICAL SUBSTANCE’’ UNDER TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT. 
Section 3(2)(B)(v) of the Toxic Substances 
Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2602(2)(B)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting ‘‘and any component of such an article (including, with-out limitation, shot, bullets and other projec-tiles, propellants when manufactured for or used in such an article, and primers), and’’. 
SEC. 315. EXEMPTION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE FROM ALTERNATIVE FUEL PROCUREMENT REQUIREMENT. 
Section 526 of the Energy Independence and 
Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 42 U.S.C. 17142) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This section shall not apply to the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 316. LIMITATION ON PLAN, DESIGN, REFUR-
BISHING, OR CONSTRUCTION OF BIOFUELS REFINERIES. 
The Secretary of Defense may not enter into a 
contract for the planning, design, refurbishing, or construction of a biofuels refinery any other facility or infrastructure used to refine biofuels unless such planning, design, refurbishing, or construction is specifically authorized by law. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 321. ASSIGNMENT OF CERTAIN NEW RE-
QUIREMENTS BASED ON DETER-MINATIONS OF COST-EFFICIENCY. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 146 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2463 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2463a. ASSIGNMENT OF CERTAIN NEW RE-
QUIREMENTS BASED ON DETER-MINATIONS OF COST-EFFICIENCY. 
‘‘(a) A SSIGNMENTS BASED ON DETERMINATIONS  
OFCOST-EFFICIENCY .—(1) Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and subject to subsection (b), the assignment of performance of a new requirement by the Department of Defense to members of the Armed Forces, civilian employees, or contractors shall be based on a determination of which sec-tor of the Department’s workforce can perform the new requirement in the most cost-efficient manner, based on an analysis of the costs to the Federal Government in accordance with Depart-ment of Defense Instruction 7041.04 (‘‘‘Esti-mating and Comparing the Full Costs of Civil-ian and Active Duty Military Manpower and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3011 May 14, 2015 
Contract Support’’’) or successor guidance, con-
sistent with the needs of the Department with respect to factors other than cost, including quality, reliability, and timeliness. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply in the case 
of a new requirement that is inherently govern-mental, closely associated with inherently gov-ernmental functions, critical, or required by law to be performed by members of the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilian employees. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this section may be construed 
as affecting the requirements of the Department of Defense under policies and procedures estab-lished by the Secretary of Defense under section 129a of this title for determining the most appro-priate and cost-efficient mix of military, civil-ian, and contractor personnel to perform the mission of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER DURING AN EMERGENCY OR EXI-
GENT CIRCUMSTANCES .—The head of an agency 
may waive subsection (a) for a specific new re-quirement in the event of an emergency or exi-gent circumstances, as long as the head of an agency, within 60 days of exercising the waiver, submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives notice of the specific new requirement involved, where such new requirement is being performed, and the date on which it would be practical to sub-ject such new requirement to the requirements of subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO ASSIGNMENT OF  
CIVILIAN PERSONNEL .—If a new requirement is 
assigned to a Department of Defense civilian employee consistent with the requirements of this section— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense may not— ‘‘(A) impose any constraint or limitation on 
the size of the civilian workforce in terms of man years, end strength, full-time equivalent positions, or maximum number of employees; or 
‘‘(B) require offsetting funding for civilian 
pay or benefits or require a reduction in civilian full-time equivalents or civilian end-strengths; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary may assign performance of 
such requirement without regard to whether the employee is a temporary, term, or permanent employee. 
‘‘(d) N
EWREQUIREMENT DESCRIBED .—For pur-
poses of this section, a new requirement is an activity or function that is not being performed, as of the date of consideration for assignment of performance under this section, by military per-sonnel, civilian personnel, or contractor per-sonnel at a Department of Defense component, organization, installation, or other entity. For purposes of the preceding sentence, an activity or function that is performed at such an entity and that is re-engineered, reorganized, modern-ized, upgraded, expanded, or changed to become more efficient but is still essentially providing the same service shall not be considered a new requirement.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2463 the following new item: 
‘‘2463a. Assignment of certain new require-
ments based on determinations of cost-ef-ficiency.’’. 
SEC. 322. INCLUSION IN ANNUAL TECHNOLOGY 
AND INDUSTRIAL CAPABILITY AS-SESSMENTS OF A DETERMINATION ABOUT DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 2505(b) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as 
paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) determine the extent to which the re-
quirements associated with defense acquisition programs can be satisfied by the present and projected performance capacities of industries supporting the sectors or capabilities in the as-sessment and evaluate the reasons for any vari-ance from applicable preceding determina-
tions;’’. 
SEC. 323. AMENDMENT TO LIMITATION ON AU-
THORITY TO ENTER INTO A CON-TRACT FOR THE SUSTAINMENT, MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, OR OTHER OVERHAUL OF THE F117 ENGINE. 
Section 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. 
‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3345) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and all that follows through ‘‘is paying’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Senior Acquisition Executive of the Air Force has determined that the Air Force has ob-tained sufficient data to establish that the Air Force is paying’’; and 
(2) by striking the sentence beginning with 
‘‘The Secretary may waive’’. 
SEC. 324. PILOT PROGRAMS FOR AVAILABILITY 
OF WORKING-CAPITAL FUNDS FOR PRODUCT IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS REQUIRED .—During fis-
cal year 2016, each of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Tech-nology, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, and the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Ac-quisition shall initiate a pilot program pursuant to section 330 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 68), as amended by section 332 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112-239; 126 Stat. 1697). 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
A minimum of $5,000,000 of working-capital funds shall be used for each of the pilot pro-grams initiated under subsection (a) for fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 325. REPORT ON EQUIPMENT PURCHASED 
FROM FOREIGN ENTITIES THAT COULD BE MANUFACTURED IN UNITED STATES ARSENALS OR DE-POTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the 
date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2017 is submitted to Congress pursu-ant to section 1105 of title 31, Unites States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the equipment, weapons, weapons systems, com-ponents, subcomponents, and end-items pur-chased from foreign entities that identifies those items which could be manufactured in the mili-tary arsenals of the United States or the mili-tary depots of the United States to meet the goals of subsection (a) or section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, as well as a plan for moving that workload into such arsenals or depots. 
(b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include each of the following: 
(1) An identification of items purchased by 
foreign manufacturers— 
(A) described in section 8302(a)(1) of title 41, 
United States Code, and purchased from a for-eign manufacturer by reason of an exception under section 8302(a)(2)(A) or section 8302(a)(2)(B) of such title; 
(B) described in section 2533b(a)(1) of title 10, 
United States Code, and purchased from a for-eign manufacturer by reason of an exception under section 2533b(b); and 
(C) described in section 2534(a) of such title 
and purchased from a foreign manufacturer by reason of a waiver exercised under paragraph (1), (2), (4), or (5) of section 2534(d) of such title. 
(2) An assessment of the skills required to 
manufacture the items identified in paragraph (1) and a comparison of those skills with skills required to meet the critical capabilities identi-fied by the Army Report to Congress on Critical Manufacturing Capabilities and Capacities dated August 2013 and the core logistics capa-bilities identified by each military service pursu-ant to section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, as of the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
(3) An identification of the tooling, equip-
ment, and facilities upgrades necessary for a military arsenal or depot to perform the manu-facturing workload identified under paragraph (1). 
(4) An identification of workload identified in 
paragraph (1) most appropriate for transfer to military arsenals or depots to meet the goals of subsection (a) or the requirements of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code. 
(5) Such other information the Secretary con-
siders necessary for adherence to paragraphs (4) and (5). 
(6) An explanation of the rationale for con-
tinuing to sole-source manufacturing workload identified in paragraph (1) from a foreign source rather than a military arsenal, depot, or other organic facility. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 333. IMPROVEMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE EXCESS PROPERTY DIS-POSAL. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than June 30, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the improved management and oversight of the systems, processes, and controls involved in the disposition of excess non-mission essential equipment and materiel by the Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN.—At a minimum, the 
plan shall address each of the following: 
(1) Backlogs of unprocessed property at dis-
position sites that do not meet Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services goals. 
(2) Customer wait times. (3) Procedures governing the disposal of serv-
iceable items in order to prevent the destruction of excess property eligible for utilization, trans-fer, or donation before potential recipients are able to view and obtain the property. 
(4) Validation of materiel release orders. (5) Assuring adequate physical security for 
the storage of equipment. 
(6) The number of personnel required to effec-
tively manage retrograde sort yards. 
(7) Managing any potential increase in the 
amount of excess property to be processed. 
(8) Improving the reliability of Defense Logis-
tics Agency Disposition Services data. 
(9) Procedures for ensuring no property is of-
fered for public sale until all requirements for utilization, transfer, and donation are met. 
(10) Validation of physical inventory against 
database entries. 
(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—By not later 
than September 30, 2016, the Secretary shall pro-vide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the actions taken to implement the plan required under subsection (a). 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths 
for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army, 475,000. (2) The Navy, 329,200. (3) The Marine Corps, 184,000. (4) The Air Force, 320,715. 
SEC. 402. REVISIONS IN PERMANENT ACTIVE 
DUTY END STRENGTH MINIMUM LEV-ELS. 
Section 691(b) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) For the Army, 475,000. ‘‘(2) For the Navy, 329,200. ‘‘(3) For the Marine Corps, 184,000. ‘‘(4) For the Air Force, 317,000.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3012 May 14, 2015 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-
SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-
thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 342,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 198,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 57,400. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,900. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 105,500. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,200. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end 
strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Se-lected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— 
(1) the total authorized strength of units orga-
nized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and 
(2) the total number of individual members not 
in units organized to serve as units of the Se-lected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for un-satisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. 
(c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever 
units or individual members of the Selected Re-serve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-
TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in section 
411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2016, the following number of Reserves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 30,770. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 9,934. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,260. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 14,748. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,032. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-
NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military technicians 
(dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2016 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the fol-lowing: 
(1) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 26,099. 
(2) For the Army Reserve, 7,395. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United 
States, 22,104. 
(4) For the Air Force Reserve, 9,814. 
SEC. 414. FISCAL YEAR 2016 LIMITATION ON NUM-
BER OF NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNI-CIANS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— 
(1) N ATIONAL GUARD .—Within the limitation 
provided in section 10217(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the number of non-dual status technicians employed by the National Guard as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed the fol-lowing: 
(A) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 1,600. 
(B) For the Air National Guard of the United 
States, 350. (2) A
RMY RESERVE .—The number of non-dual 
status technicians employed by the Army Re-serve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 595. 
(3) A
IR FORCE RESERVE .—The number of non- 
dual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 90. 
(b) N
ON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-dual sta-
tus technician’’ has the meaning given that term in section 10217(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 415. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-
SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2016, the maximum number 
of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under sec-tion 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 17,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 16,000. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The 
authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appro-priations (definite or indefinite) for such pur-pose for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. EQUITABLE TREATMENT OF JUNIOR OF-
FICERS EXCLUDED FROM AN ALL- FULLY-QUALIFIED-OFFICERS LIST BECAUSE OF ADMINISTRATIVE ERROR. 
(a) O FFICERS ON ACTIVE -DUTY LIST.—Section 
624(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) If the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned determines that one or more of-ficers or former officers were not placed on an all-fully-qualified-list under this paragraph be-cause of administrative error, the Secretary may prepare a supplemental all-fully-qualified-offi-cers list containing the names of any such offi-cers for approval in accordance with this para-graph.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS ON RESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS  
LIST.—Section 14308(b)(4) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) If the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned determines that one or more of-ficers or former officers were not placed on an all-fully-qualified-list under this paragraph be-cause of administrative error, the Secretary may prepare a supplemental all-fully-qualified-offi-cers list containing the names of any such offi-cers for approval in accordance with this para-graph.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO SPECIAL SE-
LECTION BOARD AUTHORITY .— 
(1) R EGULAR COMPONENTS .—Section 628(a)(1) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or the name of a person that should have been placed on an all-fully-qualified-offi-cers list under section 624(a)(3) of this title was not so placed,’’. 
(2) R
ESERVE COMPONENTS .—Section 14502(a)(1) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or whose name was not placed on an 
all-fully-qualified-officers list under section 14308(b)(4) of this title because of administrative error,’’. 
SEC. 502. AUTHORITY TO DEFER UNTIL AGE 68 
MANDATORY RETIREMENT FOR AGE OF A GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER SERVING AS CHIEF OR DEPUTY CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, OR AIR FORCE. 
(a) D EFERRAL AUTHORITY .— Section 1253 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) D
EFERRED RETIREMENT OF CHAPLAINS .— 
(1) The Secretary of the military department concerned may defer the retirement under sub-section (a) of an officer serving in a general or flag officer grade who is the Chief of Chaplains or Deputy Chief of Chaplains of that officer’s armed force. 
‘‘(2) A deferment of the retirement of an offi-
cer referred to in paragraph (1) may not extend beyond the first day of the month following the month in which the officer becomes 68 years of age. 
‘‘(3) The authority to defer the retirement of 
an officer referred to in paragraph (1) expires December 31, 2020. Subject to paragraph (2), a deferment granted before that date may con-tinue on and after that date.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
1253 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1253. Age 64: regular commissioned officers 
in general and flag officer grades; excep-tions’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 63 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 1253 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘1253. Age 64: regular commissioned officers in 
general and flag officer grades; excep-tions.’’. 
SEC. 503. IMPLEMENTATION OF COMPTROLLER 
GENERAL RECOMMENDATION ON THE DEFINITION AND AVAILABILITY OF COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH GEN-ERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS AND THEIR AIDES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF COSTS.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall direct the Director, Cost Assess-ment and Program Evaluation, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Readiness and the Secretaries of the military departments, to define the costs that could be associated with general and flag offi-cers, such as security details, Government air travel, enlisted and officer aide housing costs, additional support staff, official residences, and any other associated costs incurred due to the nature of their position, for the purpose of pro-viding a consistent approach to estimating and managing the full costs associated with these of-ficers and aides. 
(b) R
EPORT ONCOSTS ASSOCIATED WITHGEN-
ERAL ANDFLAGOFFICERS AND AIDES.—Not later 
than June 30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report describing the costs associated 
with general and flag officers and their enlisted and officer aides. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 511. CLARIFICATION OF PURPOSE OF RE-
SERVE COMPONENT SPECIAL SELEC-TION BOARDS AS LIMITED TO COR-RECTION OF ERROR AT A MANDA-TORY PROMOTION BOARD. 
Section 14502(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘a selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘a mandatory promotion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title’’; and 
(B) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by striking 
‘‘selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘mandatory promotion board’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3013 May 14, 2015 
(2) in the first sentence of paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Such board’’ and inserting 
‘‘The special selection board’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘selection board’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘mandatory promotion board’’. 
SEC. 512. READY RESERVE CONTINUOUS SCREEN-
ING REGARDING KEY POSITIONS DISQUALIFYING FEDERAL OFFICIALS FROM CONTINUED SERVICE IN THE READY RESERVE. 
Section 10149 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) That members who also occupy a Federal 
key position whose mobilization in an emer-gency would seriously impair the capability of the parent Federal agency or office to function effectively are not retained in the Ready Re-serve.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(c) In this section, the term ‘Federal key po-
sition’ means a Federal position that shall not be vacated during a national emergency or mo-bilization without seriously impairing the capa-bility of the parent Federal agency or office to function effectively. There are four categories of Federal key positions, the first three of which are, by definition, key positions while the fourth category requires a case-by-case determination and designation, as follows: 
‘‘(1) The Vice President of the United States 
or any official specified in the order of presi-dential succession in section 19 of title 3. 
‘‘(2) The heads of the Federal agencies ap-
pointed by the President with the consent of the Senate, except that this paragraph does not in-clude any position on a multi-member board or commission. Such a position may be designated as a Federal key position only in accordance with paragraph (4). 
‘‘(3) Article III Judges. However, each Article 
III Judge, who is a member of the Ready Reserve and desires to remain in the Ready Reserve, must have his or her position reviewed by the Chief Judge of the affected Judge’s Circuit. If the Chief Judge determines that mobilization of the Article III Judge concerned will not seri-ously impair the capability of the Judge’s court to function effectively, the Chief Judge will pro-vide a certification to that effect to the Sec-retary concerned. Concurrently, the affected Judge will provide a statement to the Secretary concerned requesting continued service in the Ready Reserve and acknowledging that he or she may be involuntarily called to active duty under the laws of the United States and the di-rectives and regulations of the Department of Defense and pledging not to seek to be excused from such orders based upon his or her judicial duties. 
‘‘(4) Other Federal positions determined by 
the head of a Federal Agency.’’. 
SEC. 513. EXEMPTION OF MILITARY TECHNICIANS 
(DUAL STATUS) FROM CIVILIAN EM-PLOYEE FURLOUGHS. 
Section 10216(b)(3) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘reduc-tions’’ the following: ‘‘(including temporary re-ductions by furlough or otherwise)’’. 
SEC. 514. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERSONNEL, 
TRAINING, AND EQUIPMENT RE-QUIREMENTS FOR THE NON-FED-ERALIZED NATIONAL GUARD TO SUPPORT CIVILIAN AUTHORITIES IN PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO NON-CATASTROPHIC DOMESTIC DIS-ASTERS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Section 10504 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘R EPORT .—’’ 
and inserting ‘‘R EPORT ON STATE OF THE NA-
TIONAL GUARD .—(1)’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘(b) S UBMISSION OF REPORT TO  
CONGRESS .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘annual report of the Chief of 
the National Guard Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘an-nual report required by paragraph (1)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NON-FEDERALIZED  
SERVICE NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , TRAIN-
ING, AND EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Not 
later than January 31 of each of calendar years 2016 through 2022, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the officials specified in paragraph (5) a report setting forth the per-sonnel, training, and equipment required by the National Guard during the next fiscal year to carry out its mission, while not Federalized, to provide prevention, protection mitigation, re-sponse, and recovery activities in support of ci-vilian authorities in connection with non-cata-strophic natural and man-made disasters. 
‘‘(2) To determine the annual personnel, 
training, and equipment requirements of the Na-tional Guard referred to in paragraph (1), the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall take into account, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) Core civilian capabilities gaps for the 
prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery activities in connection with natural and man-made disasters, as collected by the De-partment of Homeland Security from the States. 
‘‘(B) Threat and hazard identifications and 
risk assessments of the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the States. 
‘‘(3) Personnel, training, and equipment re-
quirements shall be collected from the States, validated by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, and be categorized in the report re-quired by paragraph (1) by each of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Emergency support functions of the Na-
tional Response Framework. 
‘‘(B) Federal Emergency Management Agency 
regions. 
‘‘(4) The annual report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be prepared in consultation with the chief executive of each State, other appropriate civilian authorities, and the Council of Gov-ernors. 
‘‘(5) In addition to the congressional defense 
committees, the annual report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted to the following of-ficials: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(C) The Council of Governors. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(E) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(F) The Commander of the United States 
Northern Command. 
‘‘(G) The Commander of the United States 
Cyber Command.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: 
annual reports’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 1011 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 10504 and inserting the following new section: 
‘‘10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: 
annual reports.’’. 
SEC. 515. NATIONAL GUARD CIVIL AND DEFENSE 
SUPPORT ACTIVITIES AND RELATED MATTERS. 
(a) O PERATIONAL USE OF THE NATIONAL  
GUARD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 32, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 116. OPERATIONAL USE OF THE NATIONAL 
GUARD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—This section authorizes the 
operational use of the National Guard and rec-ognizes that the basic premise of both the Na-tional Incident Management System and the National Response Framework is that— 
‘‘(1) incidents are typically managed at the 
local level first; and ‘‘(2) local jurisdictions retain command, con-
trol, and authority over response activities for their jurisdictional areas. 
‘‘(b) A
SSISTANCE TO CIVILIAN FIREFIGHTING  
ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—Members and 
units of the National Guard shall be authorized to support firefighting operations, missions, or activities, including aerial firefighting employ-ment of the Modular Airborne Firefighting Sys-tem (MAFFS), undertaken in support of a civil-ian authority or a State or Federal agency. 
‘‘(2) R
OLE OF GOVERNOR AND STATE ADJUTANT  
GENERAL .—For the purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) the Governor of a State shall be the prin-
cipal civilian authority; and 
‘‘(B) the adjutant general of the State shall be 
the principal military authority, when acting in his or her State capacity, and has the primary authority to mobilize members and units of the 
National Guard of the State in any duty status under this title the adjutant general deems ap-propriate to employ necessary forces when funds to perform such operations, missions, or activi-ties are reimbursed.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘116. Operational use of the National 
Guard.’’. 
(b) A
CTIVE GUARD AND RESERVE (AGR) S UP-
PORT.—Section 328(b) of title 32, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘duty as specified in section 
116(b) of this title or may perform’’ after ‘‘sub-section (a) may perform’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(A) and (B)’’ after ‘‘ speci-
fied in section 502(f)(2)’’. 
(c) F
EDERAL TECHNICIANS SUPPORT .— Section 
709(a)(3) of title 32, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘duty as specified in sec-tion 116(b) of this title or’’ after ‘‘(3) the per-formance of’’. 
Subtitle C—Consolidation of Authorities to 
Order Members of Reserve Components to Perform Duty 
SEC. 521. ADMINISTRATION OF RESERVE DUTY. 
Chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by inserting before section 12301 the fol-
lowing subchapter heading: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION OF 
RESERVE DUTY’’. 
(2) by striking sections 12301, 12302, 12303, 
12304, 12310, 12319 and 12322; 
(3) in subsections (a) and (b) of section 12305, 
by striking ‘‘section 12301, 12302, or 12304 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for a purpose specified under subsections (a) through (e) of section 12351(a) of this title’’; 
(4) in section 12306— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
12301’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12351’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
12301(a) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a) of this title’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
12301(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12351(a)’’; 
(5) in section 12307, by striking ‘‘12301(a)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘12351(a)’’; 
(6) in section 12318— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
12302 or 12304 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 12341 of this title for a purpose specified under subsection (b) or (c) of section 12351’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 12310’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 12353(c)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 12302 or 12304’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subsection (b) or (c) of section 12351’’; and 
(7) by inserting after section 12321 the fol-
lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 12323. Policies and procedures 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of the Department in which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3014 May 14, 2015 
the Coast Guard is operating shall prescribe 
such policies and procedures for the armed forces under their respective jurisdictions as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this chapter. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—When members of 
the Ready Reserve are ordered to active duty pursuant to section 12351(b) of this title, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report, at least once a year, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives describing the policies and proce-dures prescribed under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 522. RESERVE DUTY AUTHORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1209 of title 10, 
United States Code, is further amended by in-serting after section 12323, as added by section 521(7) of this Act, the following new subchapter: ‘‘ 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—RESERVE DUTY 
AUTHORITIES 
‘‘§ 12341. Active duty 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO ORDER A MEMBER TO PER-
FORM ACTIVE DUTY.—At any time, the Secretary 
concerned may order a member of a reserve com-ponent under the Secretary’s jurisdiction to ac-tive duty, or retain the member on active duty, subject to the purpose and limitations described in subsections (b) and (c). 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE AND LIMITATIONS .—The pur-
poses and limitations referred to in subsection (a) are as follows: 
‘‘(1) P
URPOSE OF ORDER .—To account for 
manpower utilization and expenditure of appro-priations, each order shall cite the purpose of the order to active duty as provided under sub-chapter III of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—A member of a reserve 
component shall not be ordered to active duty or retained on active duty beyond the limitations and restrictions specified in the purpose of the order to active duty. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTINUOUS PERIOD OF DUTY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—When the purpose for the 
member to serve on active duty changes, the order to active duty shall be amended to cite the new purpose and applicable funding code, but the member shall remain on the same order to active duty. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTINUOUS FEDERAL SERVICE .—If a 
member is released from active duty and subse-quently ordered to active duty or full-time Na-tional Guard duty with a break in service of 24 hours or fewer, the period of service shall be treated as continuous Federal service for the purposes of pay and benefits, unless otherwise specified in law. 
‘‘§ 12342. Call to Federal service 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO CALL A MEMBER INTO 
FEDERAL SERVICE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may call into 
Federal service the militia of any State, and use such of the armed forces, as the President con-siders necessary for the purposes specified in chapter 15 of this title. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE REQUEST REQUIRED .—A call into 
Federal service for the purposes specified in sec-tion 331 of this title shall only be made upon the request of the legislature of a State or of the Governor of a State if the legislature cannot be convened. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL GUARD IN FEDERAL SERVICE .— 
The President may call into Federal service members and units of the National Guard of any State in such numbers as the President con-siders necessary for the purposes specified in section 12406 of this title. 
‘‘§ 12343. Inactive duty 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO ORDER A MEMBER TO PER-
FORM INACTIVE DUTY.—Under regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary of Defense or the Sec-retary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, the Secretary concerned may, at any time, order a member of a reserve component under the Secretary’s jurisdiction to perform inactive duty, subject to the purpose and limitations described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE AND LIMITATIONS .—The purpose 
and limitations referred to in subsection (a) are as follows: 
‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—To account for manpower uti-
lization and expenditure of appropriations, the Secretary concerned shall document the purpose for inactive duty. 
‘‘(2) H
OSTILE FIRE OR IMMINENT DANGER  
AREA.—Inactive duty shall not be performed in 
designated hostile fire or imminent danger area. 
‘‘(3) D URATION .—Each period of inactive duty 
shall be for duration of at least two hours. 
‘‘(4) C OMPENSATION .—Compensation under 
section 206 of title 37 and service credit under section 12732(a)(2)(E) of this title shall not ex-ceed two periods of inactive duty in a calendar day.’’. 
(b) R
EDESIGNATION OF INACTIVE DUTY TO EN-
COMPASS OPERATIONAL AND OTHER DUTIES PER-
FORMED WHILE IN AN ACTIVE DUTYSTATUS .— 
(1) R EFERENCES .—Any reference that is made 
in any law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to inactive- duty training, as such term applies to members of the reserve components of the uniformed serv-ices, shall be deemed to be a reference to inac-tive duty. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF UNIFORMED SERVICES .—In 
this subsection the term ‘‘uniformed services’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 523. PURPOSE OF RESERVE DUTY. 
Chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, is 
further amended by inserting after section 12343, as added by section 522(a), the following new subchapter: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PURPOSE OF RESERVE 
DUTY 
‘‘§ 12351. Reserve component: required duty 
‘‘(a) M
OBILIZATION OF THE RESERVE COMPO -
NENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In time of war or of na-
tional emergency declared by Congress, or when otherwise authorized by law, an authority des-ignated by the Secretary concerned may, with-out the consent of the persons affected, order any unit, and any member not assigned to a unit organized to serve as a unit, of a reserve component under the jurisdiction of that Sec-retary to active duty under section 12341 of this title for the duration of the war or emergency and for six months thereafter. However a mem-ber on an inactive status list or in a retired sta-tus may not be ordered to active duty under this subsection unless the Secretary concerned, with the approval of the Secretary of Defense in the case of the Secretary of a military department, determines that there are not enough qualified Reserves in an active status or in the inactive National Guard in the required category who are readily available. 
‘‘(2) E
XPANSIONS .—So far as practicable, dur-
ing any expansion of the active armed forces that requires that units and members of the re-serve components be ordered to active duty as provided in paragraph (1), members of units or-ganized and trained to serve as units who are ordered to that duty without their consent shall be so ordered with their units. However, mem-bers of those units may be reassigned after being so ordered to active duty. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF TIME .—The period of time al-
lowed between the date when a Reserve ordered to active duty pursuant to paragraph (1) is alerted for that duty and the date when the Re-serve is required to enter upon that duty shall be determined by the Secretary concerned based upon military requirements at that time. 
‘‘(b) R
EADY RESERVE MOBILIZATION .—In time 
of national emergency declared by the President after January 1, 1953, or when otherwise au-thorized by law, an authority designated by the Secretary concerned may, without the consent of the persons concerned, order any unit, and any member not assigned to a unit organized to serve as a unit, in the Ready Reserve under the jurisdiction of that Secretary to active duty under section 12341 of this title for not more 
than 24 consecutive months. Not more than 1,000,000 members of the Ready Reserve may be on active duty, without their consent, under this section at any one time. 
‘‘(c) C
ALL-UP OF THE SELECTED RESERVE AND  
CERTAIN INDIVIDUAL READY RESERVE MEMBERS ; 
OTHER THANDURING WAR OR NATIONAL EMER-
GENCY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the provi-
sions of subsection (b) or any other provision of law, when the President determines that it is necessary to augment the active forces for any operational mission or that it is necessary to provide assistance referred to in paragraph (2), the President may authorize the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, without the consent of the members concerned, to order any unit, and any member not assigned to a unit or-ganized to serve as a unit, of the Selected Re-serve, or any member in the Individual Ready Reserve mobilization category and designated as essential under regulations prescribed by the Secretary concerned, under their respective ju-risdictions, to active duty under section 12341 of this title for not more than 365 days. 
‘‘(2) E
MERGENCIES .—The augmentation under 
paragraph (1) includes providing assistance in responding to an emergency involving— 
‘‘(A) a use or threatened use of a weapon of 
mass destruction; or 
‘‘(B) a terrorist attack or threatened terrorist 
attack in the United States that results, or could result, in significant loss of life or property. 
‘‘(3) F
UNCTION LIMITATION .—No unit or mem-
ber of a reserve component may be ordered to active duty pursuant to this subsection to per-form any of the functions authorized by chapter 15 of this title or section 12406 of this title or, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2), to provide as-sistance to the Federal Government or a State in time of a serious natural or manmade disaster, accident, or catastrophe. 
‘‘(4) N
UMERICAL LIMITATION .—Not more than 
200,000 members of the Selected Reserve and the Individual Ready Reserve may be on active duty pursuant to this subsection at any one time, of whom not more than 30,000 may be members of the Individual Ready Reserve. 
‘‘(5) R
ESPONSE CAPABILITIES .—No unit or 
member of a reserve component may be ordered to active duty pursuant to this subsection to provide assistance referred to in paragraph (2) unless the President determines that the require-ments for responding to an emergency referred to in that subsection have exceeded, or will ex-ceed, the response capabilities of local, State, and Federal civilian agencies. 
‘‘(6) T
ERMINATION .—Whenever any unit of the 
Selected Reserve or any member of the Selected Reserve not assigned to a unit organized to serve as a unit, or any member of the Individual Ready Reserve, is ordered to active duty pursu-ant to paragraph (1), the service of all units or members so ordered to active duty may be termi-nated by— 
‘‘(A) order of the President; or ‘‘(B) law. ‘‘(7) R
EPORT .—Whenever the President au-
thorizes the Secretary of Defense or the Sec-retary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating to order any unit or member of the Selected Reserve or Individual Ready Re-serve to active duty, pursuant to paragraph (1), the President shall, within 24 hours after exer-cising such authority, submit to Congress a re-port setting forth the circumstances necessi-tating the action taken under this section and describing the anticipated use of these units or members. 
‘‘(8) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing con-
tained in this subsection shall be construed as amending or limiting the application of the pro-visions of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
‘‘(d) A
NNUAL ACTIVE DUTY.—At any time, an 
authority designated by the Secretary concerned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3015 May 14, 2015 
may, without the consent of the persons af-
fected, order any unit, and any member not as-signed to a unit organized to serve as a unit, in an active status in a reserve component under the jurisdiction of that Secretary to active duty under section 12341 of this title for not more than 15 days a year. However, units and mem-bers of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States may not be ordered to active duty under this subsection without the consent of the gov-ernor of the State (or, in the case of the District of Columbia National Guard, the commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard). The consent of a Governor may not be withheld (in whole or in part) with regard to ac-tive duty outside the United States, its terri-tories, and its possessions, because of any objec-tion to the location, purpose, type, or schedule of such active duty. 
‘‘(e) R
EADY RESERVE : UNSATISFACTORY PAR-
TICIPATION .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY TO ORDER TO ACTIVE DUTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the President may order to ac-tive duty under section 12341 of this title any member of the Ready Reserve of an armed force who— 
‘‘(i) is not assigned to, or participating satis-
factorily in, a unit of the Ready Reserve; 
‘‘(ii) has not fulfilled the member’s statutory 
reserve obligation; and 
‘‘(iii) has not served on active duty for a total 
of 24 months. 
‘‘(B) D
URATION AND EXTENSION .—A member 
who is ordered to active duty pursuant to para-graph (1) may be required to serve on active duty until the member’s total service on active duty equals 24 months. If the member’s enlist-ment or other period of military service would expire before the member has served the required period under this paragraph, the enlistment or other period of military service may be extended until the member has served the required period. 
‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO PERFORM SATISFACTORILY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A member of the Ready Re-
serve covered by section 12352 of this title who fails in any year to perform satisfactorily the training duty prescribed in that section, as de-termined by the Secretary concerned under reg-ulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, may be ordered without the member’s consent to perform additional active duty for training under section 12341 of this title for not more than 45 days. If the failure occurs during the last year of the member’s required membership in the Ready Reserve, the member’s membership is extended until the member performs that addi-tional active duty for training, but not for more than six months. 
‘‘(B) A
RMY NATIONAL GUARD OR AIR NATIONAL  
GUARD .—A member of the Army National Guard 
of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States who fails in any year to perform satisfactorily the training duty pre-scribed by or under law for members of the Army National Guard or the Air National Guard, as the case may be, as determined by the Secretary concerned, may, upon the request of the Gov-ernor of the State (or, in the case of the District of Columbia, the commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard) be or-dered, without the member’s consent, to perform additional active duty for training under section 12341 of this title for not more than 45 days. A member ordered to active duty under this sub-section shall be ordered to duty as a Reserve of the Army or as a Reserve of the Air Force, as the case may be. However, the consent of a Gov-ernor may not be withheld (in whole or in part) with regard to active duty outside the United States, its territories, and its possessions, be-cause of any objection to the location, purpose, type, or schedule of such active duty. 
‘‘(f) C
APTIVE STATUS .—A member of a reserve 
component may be ordered to active duty under section 12341 of this title without the member’s consent if the Secretary concerned determines that the member is in a captive status. A member 
ordered to active duty under this section may not be retained on active duty, without the member’s consent, for more than 30 days after the member’s captive status is terminated. 
‘‘(g) M
USTER DUTY.—A member of the Ready 
Reserve may be ordered without the member’s consent to muster duty under section 12343 of this title one time each year. A member ordered to muster duty under this section shall be re-quired to perform a minimum of two hours of muster duty on the day of muster. The muster duty shall be subject to the following require-ments: 
‘‘(1) P
ERIOD OF TIME .—The period which a 
member may be required to devote to muster duty under this section, including round-trip travel to and from the location of that duty, may not total more than one day each calendar year. 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS INACTIVE DUTY AND TRAV -
EL.—Except as specified in paragraph (3), mus-
ter duty (and travel directly to and from that duty) under this section shall be treated as inac-tive duty (and travel directly to and from that duty) for the purposes of this title and the pro-visions of title 37 (other than section 206(a) of title 37) and title 38, including provisions relat-ing to the determination of eligibility for and the receipt of benefits and entitlements provided under those titles for Reserves performing inac-tive duty and for their dependents and sur-vivors. 
‘‘(3) N
OT CREDITED FOR RETIRED PAY PUR -
POSES .—Muster duty under this subsection shall 
not be credited in determining entitlement to, or in computing, retired pay under chapter 1223 of this title. 
‘‘(h) C
ONSIDERATION FOR MOBILIZATION .—To 
achieve fair treatment between members in the Ready Reserve who are being considered for re-call to duty without their consent pursuant to subsection (b), (c) or (e)(1), consideration shall be given to— 
‘‘(1) the length and nature of previous service, 
to assure such sharing of exposure to hazards as the national security and military requirements will reasonably allow; 
‘‘(2) the frequency of assignments during serv-
ice career; 
‘‘(3) family responsibilities; and ‘‘(4) employment necessary to maintain the 
national health, safety, or interest. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C APTIVE STATUS .—The term ‘captive sta-
tus’ means the status of a member of the armed forces who is in a missing status (as defined in section 551(2) of title 37) which occurs as the re-sult of a hostile action and is related to the member’s military status. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL READY RESERVE MOBILIZATION  
CATEGORY .—The term ‘Individual Ready Re-
serve mobilization category’ means, in the case of any reserve component, the category of the Individual Ready Reserve described in section 10144(b) of this title. 
‘‘(3) W
EAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The 
term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given that term in section 1403 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2302). 
‘‘§ 12352. Reserve component: required train-
ing 
‘‘(a) P
URPOSE .—Except as specifically pro-
vided in regulations to be prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense, or by the Secretary of the De-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, each person who is enlisted, inducted, or appointed in an armed force, and who becomes a member of the Ready Reserve under any pro-vision of law except section 513 or 10145(b) of this title, shall be required, while in the Ready Reserve, to maintain readiness as determined by the Secretary concerned by— 
‘‘(1) participating in at least 48 scheduled 
drills or training periods during each year pur-suant to section 12343 of this title and serve on active duty for training under section 12341 of 
this title for not less than 14 days (exclusive of travel time) during each year; or 
‘‘(2) serving on active duty for training under 
section 12341 of this title for not more than 30 days during each year. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS .—A 
member who has served on active duty for one year or longer may not be required to perform a period of active duty for training if the first day of that period falls during the last 120 days of the member’s required membership in the Ready Reserve. 
‘‘§ 12353. Reserve component: optional duty 
‘‘(a) A
CTIVE DUTY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—At any time, an authority 
designated by the Secretary concerned may order a member of a reserve component under his jurisdiction to active duty under section 12341 of this title, or retain the member on active duty, with the consent of that member for train-ing, to provide operational support or perform other duty as determined by the Secretary con-cerned. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSES .—Such duty includes service 
on active duty for the purpose specified in sec-tion or section 802(d), 1491, 3038, 5143, 5144, 8038, 10211, 10301 through 10305, 10502, 10505, 10506, 10507, 12402, or 12405 of this title. 
‘‘(3) A
RMY NATIONAL GUARD OR AIR NATIONAL  
GUARD .—However, a member of the Army Na-
tional Guard of the United States or the Air Na-tional Guard of the United States may not be or-dered to active duty under this subsection with-out the consent of the Governor or other appro-priate authority of the State concerned. The consent of a Governor may not be withheld (in whole or in part) with regard to active duty out-side the United States, its territories, and its possessions, because of any objection to the lo-cation, purpose, type, or schedule of such active duty. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVE DUTY FOR HEALTH CARE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—When authorized by the 
Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of a military department may, with the consent of the mem-ber, order a member of a reserve component to active duty under section 12341 of this title— 
‘‘(A) to receive authorized medical care; ‘‘(B) to be medically evaluated for disability 
or other purposes; or 
‘‘(C) to complete a required Department of De-
fense health care study, which may include an associated medical evaluation of the member. 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT FOR OR RECOVERY FROM AN  
INJURY , ILLNESS OR DISEASE .—A member of a 
uniformed service described in paragraph (1)(B) or (2)(B) of section 1074a(a) of this title may be ordered to active duty under section 12341 of this title, and a member of a uniformed service described in paragraph (1)(A) or (2)(A) of sec-tion 1074a may be continued on active duty under section 12341 of this title, for a period of more than 30 days while the member is being treated for (or recovering from) an injury, ill-ness, or disease incurred or aggravated in the line of duty as described in any of such para-graphs. 
‘‘(3) R
ETENTION ON ACTIVE DUTY .—A member 
ordered to active duty under this subsection may, with the member’s consent, be retained on active duty, if the Secretary concerned considers it appropriate, for medical treatment for a con-dition associated with the study or evaluation, if that treatment of the member is otherwise au-thorized by law. 
‘‘(4) A
RMY NATIONAL GUARD OR AIR NATIONAL  
GUARD .—However, a member of the Army Na-
tional Guard of the United States or the Air Na-tional Guard of the United States may not be or-dered to active duty under this subsection with-out the consent of the Governor or other appro-priate authority of the State concerned. 
‘‘(c) O
RGANIZING , ADMINISTERING , ETC., R E-
SERVE COMPONENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned 
may order a member of a reserve component 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3016 May 14, 2015 
under the Secretary’s jurisdiction to active duty 
pursuant to section 12341 of this title to perform Active Guard and Reserve duty to organize, ad-minister, recruit, instruct, or train the reserve components. 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVE GRADE ; ELIGIBILITY FOR PRO -
MOTION .—A Reserve ordered to active duty 
under paragraph (1) shall be ordered in the Re-serve’s reserve grade. While so serving, the Re-serve continues to be eligible for promotion as a Reserve, if otherwise qualified. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES .—A Reserve on active 
duty under this subsection may perform the fol-lowing additional duties to the extent that the performance of those duties does not interfere with the performance of the Reserve’s primary Active Guard and Reserve duties described in paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) S
UPPORTING RESERVE COMPONENTS .— 
Supporting operations or missions assigned in whole or in part to the reserve components. 
‘‘(B) S
UPPORTING UNITS .—Supporting oper-
ations or missions performed or to be performed by— 
‘‘(i) a unit composed of elements from more 
than one component of the same armed force; or 
‘‘(ii) a joint forces unit that includes— ‘‘(I) one or more reserve component units; or ‘‘(II) a member of a reserve component whose 
reserve component assignment is in a position in an element of the joint forces unit. 
‘‘(C) A
DVISING .—Advising the Secretary of De-
fense, the Secretaries of the military depart-ments, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the com-manders of the combatant commands regarding reserve component matters. 
‘‘(D) I
NSTRUCTION OR TRAINING .—Instructing 
or training in the United States, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, or possessions of the United States of— 
‘‘(i) active-duty members of the armed forces; ‘‘(ii) members of foreign military forces (under 
the same authorities and restrictions applicable to active-duty members providing such instruc-tion or training); 
‘‘(iii) Department of Defense contractor per-
sonnel; or 
‘‘(iv) Department of Defense civilian employ-
ees. 
‘‘(4) O
PERATIONS RELATING TO DEFENSE  
AGAINST WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION AND  
TERRORIST ATTACKS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (3), a Reserve on active duty as described in paragraph (1), or a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serving on full-time Na-tional Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32 in connection with functions referred to in paragraph (1), may, subject to subparagraph (C), perform duties in support of emergency pre-paredness programs to prepare for or to respond to any emergency involving any of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) W
EAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The use 
or threatened use of a weapon of mass destruc-tion (as defined in section 1403 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2302) in the United States. 
‘‘(ii) T
ERRORIST ATTACK OR THREATENED TER -
RORIST ATTACK .—A terrorist attack or threat-
ened terrorist attack in the United States that results, or could result, in catastrophic loss of life or property. 
‘‘(iii) R
ELEASE OF CERTAIN MATERIALS .—The 
intentional or unintentional release of nuclear, biological, radiological, or toxic or poisonous chemical, materials in the United States that re-sults, or could result, in catastrophic loss of life or property. 
‘‘(iv) N
ATURAL OR MAN -MADE DISASTER .—A 
natural or manmade disaster in the United States that results in, or could result in, cata-strophic loss of life or property. 
‘‘(B) C
OSTS.—The costs of the pay, allow-
ances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for a Reserve performing duties under the authority of paragraph (1) shall be paid from the appropriation that is available to pay such costs for other members of 
the reserve component of that Reserve who are performing duties as described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(C) C
IVIL SUPPORT TEAM .—A Reserve may 
perform duty described in subparagraph (A) only while assigned to a reserve component 
weapons of mass destruction civil support team. 
‘‘(D) A
NNUAL END STRENGTH AUTHORIZATION  
AND JUSTIFICATION MATERIAL .—Reserves on ac-
tive duty who are performing duties described in subparagraph (A) shall be counted against the annual end strength authorizations required by sections 115(a)(1)(B) and 115(a)(2) of this title. The justification material for the defense budget request for a fiscal year shall identify the num-ber and component of the Reserves programmed to be performing duties described in subpara-graph (A) during that fiscal year. 
‘‘(E) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—A reserve 
component weapons of mass destruction civil support team, and any Reserve assigned to such a team, may not be used to respond to an emer-gency described in subparagraph (A) unless the Secretary of Defense has certified to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives of that team, or that Reserve, possesses the requisite skills, training, and equipment to be proficient in all mission require-ments. 
‘‘(F) R
EQUEST FOR LEGISLATION .—If the Sec-
retary of Defense submits to Congress any re-quest for the enactment of legislation to modify the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (C), the Secretary shall provide with the request— 
‘‘(i) justification for each such requested 
modification; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary’s plan for sustaining the 
qualifications of the personnel and teams de-scribed in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(G) D
EFINITION OF UNITED STATES .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘United States’ includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. 
‘‘(5) T
RAINING .—A Reserve on active duty as 
described in this subsection may be provided training consistent with training provided to other members on active duty, as the Secretary concerned sees fit. 
‘‘(d) I
NACTIVE DUTY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—At any time, an authority 
designated by the Secretary concerned may re-quire a member of a reserve component under the Secretary’s jurisdiction, with the consent of the member, to perform inactive duty under sec-tion 12343 of this title to provide readiness train-ing, perform administrative function to prepare for unit training, perform funeral honors func-tions at the funeral of a veteran as defined in section 1491 of this title (other than for members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States who perform funeral honors duty under section 502(g) of title 32), or perform other inac-tive duty as determined by the Secretary con-cerned. 
‘‘(2) P
AY.—As directed by the Secretary con-
cerned, a member performing funeral honors functions may be paid— 
‘‘(A) the allowance under section 495 of title 
37; or 
‘‘(B) compensation under section 206 of title 
37. 
‘‘(3) T
RAVEL AND TRANSPORTATION EX -
PENSES .—A member who performs funeral hon-
ors functions may be reimbursed for travel and transportation expenses incurred in conjunction with such duty as authorized under section 495 of title 37 if such duty is performed at a location 50 miles or more from the member’s residence.’’. 
SEC. 524. TRAINING AND OTHER DUTY PER-
FORMED BY MEMBERS OF THE NA-TIONAL GUARD. 
(a) C HAPTER HEADING .—The chapter heading 
for chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘ AND OTHER DUTY ’’ 
after ‘‘ TRAINING ’’; 
(b) O
THER AMENDMENTS .—Section 502 of title 
32, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘§ 502. Required training, field exercises, and 
other duty’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘drill’’ and inserting ‘‘train-
ing’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘under subsection (g)’’ before 
‘‘at least’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘under sub-
section (f)(1)’’ before ‘‘at least’’; 
(3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘drill’’ each 
place the term appears and inserting ‘‘train-ing’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘drill’’ and inserting ‘‘training’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘one and 
one-half hours’’ and inserting ‘‘two hours’’; 
(5) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘drill’’ each 
place the term appears and inserting ‘‘train-ing’’; 
(6) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘, which regulations shall conform to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of De-fense for Reserve component members,’’ after ‘‘as the case may be,’’; and 
(ii) in the matter following subparagraph (B), 
by inserting ‘‘to full-time National Guard duty’’ after ‘‘be ordered’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) Support for funerals of veterans of the 
armed forces pursuant to section 1491 of title 10.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (8); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2), as 
amended by subparagraph (B), the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(3) F
ULL-TIME NATIONAL GUARD DUTY .—Full- 
time National Guard duty shall not be per-formed on land outside the United States, its territories or possessions. 
‘‘(4) P
URPOSE OF CALL ORDER .—To account for 
manpower utilization and expenditure of appro-priations, each order to full-time National Guard duty shall cite the purpose of the call or order as provided in this section or section 112, 114, 316, 503, 504, 505, 509, or 904 of this title. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS .—A mem-
ber of the National Guard shall not be ordered to full-time National Guard duty or retained on full-time National Guard duty beyond the limi-tations and restrictions specified in the purpose of the order to full-time National Guard duty. 
‘‘(6) A
MENDED ORDERS .—When the purpose for 
the member to serve on full-time National Guard duty changes, the order to full-time National Guard duty shall be amended to cite the new purpose and applicable funding code, but the member shall remain on the same order to full- time National Guard duty. 
‘‘(7) C
ONTINUOUS FEDERAL SERVICE .—If a 
member is released from full-time National Guard duty and subsequently ordered to active duty with a break in service of 24 hours or fewer, the period of service shall be treated as continuous Federal service for the purposes of pay and benefits unless otherwise specified in law.’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) I
NACTIVE DUTY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Under regulations to be 
prescribed by the Secretary of the Army or the Secretary of the Air Force, as the case may be, which shall conform to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for reserve component members, a member of the National Guard may be required to perform inactive duty, in addition to that prescribed under subsection (a), to pro-vide additional readiness training, perform ad-ministrative function to prepare for unit train-ing, perform funeral honors functions for vet-erans of the armed forces pursuant to section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3017 May 14, 2015 
1491 of title 10, or perform other inactive duty as 
authorized by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(2) D OCUMENTATION .—To account for man-
power utilization and expenditure of appropria-tions, the purpose for inactive duty and the as-sociated funding code shall be documented. 
‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATED HOSTILE FIRE OR IMMINENT  
DANGER AREA .—Inactive duty shall not be per-
formed in designated hostile fire or imminent danger area. 
‘‘(4) L
AND OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES , ITS 
TERRITORIES OR POSSESSIONS .—Inactive duty 
shall not be performed on land outside the United States, its territories or possessions. 
‘‘(5) D
URATION OF INACTIVE DUTY .—Each pe-
riod of inactive duty shall be for duration of at least two hours. 
‘‘(6) D
URATION OF COMPENSATION AND SERVICE  
CREDIT .—Compensation under section 206 of 
title 37 and service credit under section 12732(a)(2)(E) of title 10 shall not exceed two pe-riods of inactive duty in a calendar day. 
‘‘(7) P
AY FOR PERFORMING FUNERAL HONORS .— 
As directed by the Secretary concerned, a mem-ber performing funeral honors functions may be paid— 
‘‘(A) the allowance under section 495 of title 
37; or 
‘‘(B) compensation under section 206 of title 
37.’’. 
SEC. 525. CONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND-
MENTS. 
(a) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 5, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Paragraph (2) of 
section 5517(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under section 10147’’ and inserting ‘‘as provided under section 12352’’. 
(2) Section 6323 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘funeral honors duty (as de-
scribed in section 12503 of title 10 and section 115 of title 32)’’ and inserting ‘‘funeral honors func-tions (as described in section 12353 of title 10 and section 114 of title 32)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1) subsection (d), by strik-
ing ‘‘section 12301(b) or 12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of title 10 for the purposes speci-fied in section 12351(d) or 12353(a)’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 7, 
UNITED STATES CODE.—Paragraph (1) of section 
332(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act (7 U.S.C. 1982(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘12301(a), 12301(g), 12302, 12304, 12306, or 12406,’’ and inserting ‘‘12341 for the purpose specified in section 12306, 12342, 12351(a)(1), 12351(b), 12351(c), or 12351(f), 12342 for the pur-pose specified in section 12406,’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 10, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 101 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(13), 
by striking ‘‘section 688, 12301(a), 12302, 12304, 12304a, 12305, or12406 of this title, chapter 15 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 688 or 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12304a, 12305, 12351(a)(1), 12351(b), 12351(c) of this title, section 12342 of this title for the pur-pose specified in section 12406, chapter 15 of this title’’; 
(B) in paragraph (16) of subsection (b), by 
striking ‘‘section 12301(d) of this title’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the pur-pose specified in section 12353(c) of this title’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5) of subsection (d)— (i) by inserting ‘‘502(f) of title 32 for the pur-
pose specified in section’’ after ‘‘under section’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘505 of title 32’’ and inserting 
‘‘505 of such title’’; 
(D) in paragraph (7) of subsection (d)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and insert-ing ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 
206 of title 37’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12352(a)(1) of this title, section 502(a)(1) of title 32,’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘under section 12353(d) of this 
title or section 502(g) of title 32’’ after ‘‘special additional duties authorized’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, or other activities that a 
member may perform when authorized by the designated authority’’ before the period. 
(2) Section 115 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 
12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘section 
12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 12301(g)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 12341’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘as provided under section 
12351(f) of such title’’ before the semicolon; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘12301(h) or 12322’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 12341’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘as provided under section 
12353(b) of this title’’ before the semicolon; 
(B) in subsection (i)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
12301(a) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a) of this title’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
12301(b) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(d) of this title’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 
12302 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(b) of this title’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 
12304 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(c) of this title’’; 
(v) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘section 
12342 of this title for the purpose specified in’’ after ‘‘Federal service under’’; 
(vi) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘section 
12342 of this title for the purpose specified in’’ after ‘‘ Federal service under’’; and 
(vii) in paragraph (11), by inserting ‘‘12341 for 
the purpose specified in section’’ after ‘‘active duty under section’’. 
(3) Section 331 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting ‘‘under section 12342 of this title’’ after ‘‘call into Federal service’’. 
(4) Section 332 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting ‘‘under section 12342 of this title’’ after ‘‘call into Federal service’’. 
(5) Paragraph (3) of section 511(d) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 10147(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12352(a)(1)’’. 
(6) Subparagraph (B) of section 523(b)(1) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by in-serting ‘‘12341 of this title for the purpose speci-fied in section’’ after ‘‘on active duty under sec-tion’’. 
(7) Subparagraph (B) of section 641(1) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘section 12341 for the purpose described in’’ after ‘‘on active duty under’’. 
(8) Section 802 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended in each of subsections (a)(3), (d)(2)(B), and (d)(5)(B), by striking ‘‘inactive- duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(9) Subsection (d) of section 803 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active-duty training’’ each place the term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(10) The matter preceding paragraph (1) of 
subsection (a) and the matter preceding para-graph (1) of subsection (b) of section 936 of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(11) Paragraph (1) of section 976(a) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(12) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1061(b) 
of title 10, United States Code, are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and in-
serting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(13) Subsection (a) of section 1074a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended in each of para-graphs (1)(B), (2)(B), and (3) by striking ‘‘inac-tive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(14) Subsection (a) of section 1074a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended further— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a period; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (C); (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a period; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) by striking paragraph (4). (15) Subsection (a) of section 1076 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in each paragraphs (2)(B)(i), (2)(B)(ii), 
and (2)(C), by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (E). 
(16) Clauses (i) and (ii) of section 1086(c)(2)(B) 
of title 10, United States Code, are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and in-serting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(17) Paragraph (2) of section 1175(e) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(18) Section 1175a(j) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘under section 12341 of this 
title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a)(1), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(d), 12351(e)(1), or 12351(f) of this title’’ after ‘‘invol-untarily recalled to active duty’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘in accordance with section 
12301(a), 12301(b), 12301(g), 12302, 12303, or 12304 of this title or’’ and inserting ‘‘under’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘12301(d)’’ and inserting 
‘‘12353(a)’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘12319, or 12503’’ and inserting 
‘‘12351(g)’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘, 115,’’. 
(19) Paragraph (2) of section 1201(c) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under section 10148(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘pursu-ant to section 12351(e)(2)’’. 
(20) Section 1204 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive-duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A)(i), (A)(iii), 
(B)(i), and (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
(ii) in clause (iii) of subparagraph (A), by in-
serting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; 
(iii) in clause (iii) of subparagraph (B), by 
striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and 
(iv) by striking subparagraph (C). (21) Section 1206 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive-duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) the disability is a result of an injury, ill-
ness, or disease incurred or aggravated in line of duty while— 
‘‘(A) performing active duty or inactive duty; ‘‘(B) traveling directly to or from the place at 
which such duty is performed; or 
‘‘(C) remaining overnight immediately before 
the commencement of inactive duty, or while re-maining overnight between successive periods of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3018 May 14, 2015 
inactive duty, at or in the vicinity of the site of 
the inactive duty, if the site is outside reason-able commuting distance of the member’s resi-dence;’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘inactive- 
duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
(22) Subparagraph (B) of section 1448(f)(1) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. 
(23) Clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 
1471(b)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty for training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(24) Section 1475 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive-duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; and 
(B) in each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of sub-
section (a), by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. 
(25) Paragraphs (1)(B) and (2)(A) of section 
1476(a) of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(26) Paragraphs (3), (4), (8), and (9) of section 
1478(a) of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. 
(27) Section 1481(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in each of subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), 
and (F), by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘inactive 
duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(28) Paragraph (2) of section 1481(a) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended further— 
(A) in subparagraph (E) (as amended by para-
graph (27)(B)), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semi-colon; 
(B) in subparagraph (F) (as amended by para-
graph (27)(A)), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (G). (29) Subsections (d)(2) and (e)(5) of section 
2031 of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(30) Subparagraph (D) of section 2107(c)(5) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘inactive duty for training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(31) Subparagraph (D) of section 2107a(c)(4) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘inactive duty for training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(32) The matter preceding paragraph (1) of 
section 2601a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(33) Paragraph (3) of section 9446(a) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inac-tive duty’’. 
(34) Subsection (a) of section 10142 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘as provided in sections 12301 and 12302 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12341 of this title for the purposes specified in sections 12351(a) and 12351(b) of this title’’. 
(35) Subsection (a) of section 10143 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10147(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘12352’’. 
(36) The matter preceding subparagraph (A) of 
section 10144(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in accordance with section 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(c)’’. 
(37) Chapter 1005 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) by repealing section 10147; and (B) by repealing section 10148. (38) Section 10151 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 12301 and 12306’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12351(a)’’. 
(39) Subsection (b) of section 10204 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(40) Subsection (a) of section 10215 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘section 12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 12341 of this title as provided in section 12353(a)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), by 
striking ‘‘section 12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 12341 of this title as provided in section 12353(a)’’. 
(41) Paragraph (9) of section 10541(b) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘12304(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘12351(c)(2)’’. 
(42) Paragraph (1) of section 12011(e) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘12310’’ and inserting ‘‘12353(c)’’. 
(43) Subsection (a) of section 12012 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 10211 or 12310’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 10211 or 12353(c) of this title’’. 
(44) Section 12305 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
12301, 12302, or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), or 12351(c)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
12301, 12302, or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), or 12351(c)’’. 
(45) Section 12306 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
12301’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(d), 12351(f), 12353(a), or 12353(b)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1) of subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 12301(a)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose speci-fied in section 12351(a)(1) of this title’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) of subsection (b), by 
striking ‘‘12301(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘12351(a)’’. 
(46) Section 12307 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘12301(a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘12351(a)’’. 
(47) Section 12317 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(48) Section 12318 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
12302 or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(b) or 12351(c)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘referred to section 12310’’ and 
inserting ‘‘performing duty referred to in section 12353(c)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 12302 or 12304’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 12351(b) or 12351(c)’’. 
(49) Section 12321 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of organizing, ad-ministering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components’’ and inserting ‘‘speci-fied in section 12353(c) of this title’’. 
(50) Section 12408 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 12301(a), 12302, or 12304 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a)(1), 12351(b) or 12351(c) of this title’’. 
(51) Section 12503 of title 10, United States 
Code, is repealed. 
(52) Section 12552 of title 10, United States 
Code, is repealed. 
(53) Subsections (a)(3) and (b)(3) of section 
12602 of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. 
(54) Section 12603 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive-duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘inactive 
duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(55) Section 12604 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive-duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘inactive- 
duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(56) Subsection (b) of section 12686 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 12301’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(d), 12351(f), 12353(a) or 12353(b)’’. 
(57) Subparagraph (B) of section 12731(f)(2) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘under section 12301(d)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘for the purpose specified in section 12353(a)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘under section 12310’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for the purpose specified in 12353(c)’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘section 
12301(h)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12353(b)(1)’’. 
(58) Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the matter following subparagraph (E), 
by striking ‘‘clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) and (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (B), (C) and (D)’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (E). (59) Clause (i) of section 16131(c)(3)(B) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a)(1), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f), or 12353(a)’’. 
(60) The matter preceding subparagraph (A) of 
section 16133(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose speci-fied in section 12351(a)(1), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f), or 12353(a)’’. 
(61) Clause (i) of section 16162(d)(2)(B) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section 12351(a)(1), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f), or 12353(a) of this title’’. 
(62) Section 18505 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive-duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘inactive- 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 704 of title 
14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inac-tive duty’’. 
(2) Subsection (a) of section 705 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(3) Paragraph (1) of section 712(c) of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10147’’ and inserting ‘‘12352’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 20, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Subsection (c) of 
section 1404 of the Defense Dependents’ Edu-cation Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 923) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i) of paragraph (2)(B), by strik-
ing ‘‘section 12301 or 12302’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 12341 of title 10, United States Code, for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(d), 12351(f), 12353(a) or 12353(b)’’; and 
(B) in clause (i) of paragraph (2)(C), by strik-
ing ‘‘section 12301 or 12302’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 12341 of title 10, United States Code, for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3019 May 14, 2015 
purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 
12351(d), 12351(f), 12353(a) or 12353(b)’’. 
(2) Subparagraph (A) of section 481(d)(4) of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1088(d)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 12301(a), 12301(g), 12302, 12304, or 12306’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 12341 of title 10, United States Code, for a purpose specified in section 12306, 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), or 12351(f)’’. 
(3) Subparagraph (C) of section 484C(c)(3) of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 
12301(g), 12302, 12304, or 12305 of title 10, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of title 10, United States Code, under section 12341 of such title for the purpose specified in section 12305, 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), or 12351(f) of such title,’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘section 12304 of 
title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 12341 of title 10, United States Code, for the purpose specified in section 12351(c) of such title’’. 
(4) Subparagraph (A) of section 5 of Higher 
Education Relief Opportunities for Students Act of 2003 (20 U.S.C. 1098ee(5)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 12301(a), 12301(g), 12302, 12304, or 12306 of title 10, United States Code,’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 12341 of title 10, United States Code, for the purpose specified in section 12306, 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), or 12351(f) of such title,’’. 
(f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO INTERNAL  
REVENUE CODE.—Subsection (m) of section 206 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 3121) is amended— 
(1) in each of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3), by 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(2) in the heading for paragraph (3), by strik-
ing ‘‘I
NACTIVE DUTY TRAINING ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INACTIVE DUTY ’’. 
(g) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 32, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Paragraph (19) of 
section 101 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 316, 502, 503, 504, or 505’’ and inserting ‘‘section 502(f) of this title for the purpose specified under section in sec-tion 112, 114, 316, 502, 503, 504, 505, 509, or 904’’. 
(2) Section 114 of title 32, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘may not be considered to be a period of drill or training, but may be performed as funeral honors duty under section 115 of this title.’’ and inserting ‘‘may be per-formed under section 502 of this title.’’. 
(3) Section 115 of title 32, United States Code, 
is repealed. 
(h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 37, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) The matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) of section 101(22) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. 
(2) Section 204 of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1) of subsections (g)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (B) and (D), by 
striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (E); (iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a period; and 
(B) in paragraph (1) of subsections (h)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (B) and (D), by 
striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (E); (iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a period. 
(3) Subparagraph (A) of section 205(e)(2) of 
title 37, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. (4) Section 206 of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive-duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; and 
(B) in each of paragraphs (3)(A)(ii) and (3)(C) 
of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(5) Section 305b of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in the heading for subsection (c), by strik-
ing ‘‘I
NACTIVE DUTY TRAINING ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INACTIVE DUTY’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘12310(c)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘12353(c)(4)’’. 
(6) Subsection (a) of section 308d of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active duty for training’’ and inserting ‘‘inac-tive duty’’. 
(7) The heading for subsection (e) of section 
320 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘I
NACTIVE DUTYTRAINING ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘I NACTIVE DUTY’’. 
(8) Section 334 of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in the heading for subsection (e), by strik-
ing ‘‘I NACTIVE DUTY TRAINING ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INACTIVE DUTY’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘for inactive- 
duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘for inactive duty’’. 
(9) Section 352 of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in the heading for subsection (d), by strik-
ing ‘‘I
NACTIVE DUTY TRAINING ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INACTIVE DUTY’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘for inac-
tive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘for inactive duty’’. 
(10) Subparagraph (B) of section 353(c)(1) of 
title 37, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. 
(11) Section 415 of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (3) of subsection (a), by 
striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1) of subsection (c), by 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(12) Section 433 of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘12319’’ and 
inserting ‘‘12351(g)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘inactive- 
duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(13) Subsection (a) of section 433a of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘12319’’ and inserting ‘‘12351(g)’’. 
(14) Paragraph (1) of section 474(i) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(15) Section 478a of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ inac-
tive duty training ’’ and inserting ‘‘ inactive 
duty’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘inactive 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(16) Paragraph (1) of section 495(a) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘fu-neral honors duty pursuant to section 12503 of title 10 or section 115 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘funeral honors functions pursuant to section 12353(d)(2) of title 10 or section 502(g)(7) of title 32’’. 
(17) The matter preceding paragraph (1) of 
subsection (a), the matter following paragraph (2) of subsection (a), and subsection (d), of sec-tion 552 of title 37, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive-duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(18) Subparagraph (B) of section 910(b)(2) of 
title 37, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
12301(h)(1) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of title 10 pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 12353(b)(1) of such title’’. 
(i) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 38, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 101 of title 
38, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (22), by 
striking ‘‘section 316, 502, 503, 504, or 505 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘section 502(f) of title 32’’; 
(B) in paragraph (23)— (i) by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(ii) in the matter following paragraph (C), by 
striking ‘‘sections 316, 502, 503, 504, or 505 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘section 502(g) of title 32’’; and 
(C) in the matter preceding clause (i) of para-
graph (24)(C), by striking ‘‘inactive duty train-ing’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(2) Subparagraph (B) and the matter fol-
lowing subparagraph (B) of section 106(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and insert-ing ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(3) Clause (ii) of section 1112(c)(3)(A) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inac-tive duty’’. 
(4) Paragraph (2) of section 1302(b) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(5) Subparagraph (A) of section 1312(a)(2) of 
title 38, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’. 
(6) Section 1965 of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (D) of paragraph (2), by 
striking ‘‘sections 316, 502, 503, 504, or 505 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘section 502(f) of title 32’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and insert-ing ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sections 
316, 502, 503, 504, or 505 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘section 502(g) of title 32’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘inactive 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
(D) in each of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of 
paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘inactive duty train-ing’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (5), by 
striking ‘‘a mobilization category in the Indi-vidual Ready Reserve, as defined in section 12304(i)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘a mobilization cat-egory in the Individual Ready Reserve, as de-fined in section 12351(i)(2)’’. 
(7) Section 1967 of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (5), by 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in each of paragraphs (1) and (2), by strik-
ing ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘in-active duty’’; and 
(ii) in the matter following paragraph (2), by 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(8) Section 1968 of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘scheduled training period’’ 
and inserting ‘‘scheduled period of duty’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3020 May 14, 2015 
(III) by striking ‘‘such training’’ each place 
the term appears and inserting ‘‘such duty’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2) of subsection (b), by 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(9) Paragraph (3) of section 1969(a) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(10) Subsection (e) of section 1977 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in-active duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(11) Paragraph (2) of section 2402(a) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inac-tive duty’’. 
(12) Paragraph (3) of section 3011(d) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘which an individual in the Selected Reserve was ordered to perform under section 12301, 12302, 12304, 12306, or 12307 of title 10’’ and in-serting ‘‘under section 12341 of title 10, which an individual in the Selected Reserve was ordered to perform duty for a purpose specified in sec-tion 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f), 12353(a), or 12353(b) of title 10’’. 
(13) Subparagraph (A) of section 3013(f)(2) of 
title 38, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(14) Subsection (f) of section 3103 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(15) Paragraph (2) of section 3105(e) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(16) Clause (i) of section 3231(a)(5)(B) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(17) Subparagraph (B) of section 3301(1) of 
title 38, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10 or’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title, or under’’. 
(18) Clause (i) of section 3312(c)(2)(A) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(19) Clause (i) of section 3511(a)(2)(B) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(20) Subsection (h) of section 3512 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(21) Subparagraph (C) of section 4211(4) of 
title 38, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 12301(a), (d), or (g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’. 
(22) Section 4303 of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (13)— (i) by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘funeral honors duty as au-
thorized by section 12503 of title 10 or section 115 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘funeral honors func-tions as provided under section 12353 of title 10 or section 114 of title 32’’; and 
(B) in paragraphs (16), by striking ‘‘inactive 
duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(23) Subsection (c) of section 4312 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘10147’’; and 
inserting ‘‘12352’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (4), by 
striking ‘‘, 12301(a), 12301(g), 12302, 12304, or 12305 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘or 12341 of title 10 for a purpose specified in section 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), 12351(f) or 12353(a) of such title’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘12304 of 
title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘12341 of title 10 for the purpose specified in section 12351(c) of such title’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by inserting ‘‘under section 12342 of title 
10’’ after ‘‘Federal service’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘for a purpose specified’’ fol-
lowing ‘‘National Guard’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘under’’ each place the term 
appears and inserting ‘‘in’’. 
(24) Paragraph (1) of section 4316(e) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘fu-neral honors duty as authorized by section 12503 of title 10 or section 115 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘funeral honors functions as provided under section 12353 of title 10 or section 114 of title 32’’. 
(j) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 42, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Subparagraph (D) of 
section 202(t)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402(t)(4)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘or inactive duty training’’ 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘or inactive duty’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘on inactive duty training’’ 
and inserting ‘‘performing inactive duty’’. 
(2) Subsection (l) of section 210 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 410) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘on inactive duty training’’ and insert-ing ‘‘performing inactive duty’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘inactive 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
(k) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 50, 
APPENDIX , UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 6 
of the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. App. 456) is amended— 
(A) in the matter following subsection 
(c)(2)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘10147’’ and inserting ‘‘12352’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1) of subsection (d), by 
striking ‘‘under section 10147’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to section 12352’’. 
(2) Paragraph (1) of section 703(a) of the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 593(a)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘sections 688, 12301(a), 
12301(g), 12302, 12304, 12306, or 12307 of title 10, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 688 or 12341 of title 10, United States Code, for a purpose specified in section 12306, 12307, 12351(a), 12351(b), 12351(c), or 12351(f) of such title,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘12301(d)’’ and inserting 
‘‘12341 for the purpose specified in section 12353(a)’’. 
(l) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking the item related to section 1204 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘1204. Members on active duty for 30 days or 
less or on inactive duty: retirement.’’’’; and 
(B) by striking the item relating to section 
1206 and inserting the following: 
‘‘1206. Members on active duty for 30 days or 
less or on inactive duty: separation.’’. 
(2) The table of sections at the beginning of 
subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item re-
lated to section 1475 and inserting the following: 
‘‘1475. Death gratuity: death of members on 
active duty or inactive duty and of cer-tain other persons.’’. 
(3) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 1005 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 10147 and 10148. 
(4) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION OF RESERVE  
DUTY  
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘12304a. Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine 
Corps Reserve, Air Force Reserve: order to active duty to provide assistance in re-sponse to a major disaster or emergency. 
‘‘12304b. Selected Reserve: order to active duty 
for preplanned missions in support of the combatant commands. 
‘‘12305. Authority of President to suspend cer-
tain laws relation to promotion, retire-ment, and separation. 
‘‘12306. Standby Reserve. ‘‘12307. Retired Reserve. ‘‘12308. Retention after becoming qualified for 
retired pay. 
‘‘12309. Reserve officers: use of in expansion of 
armed forces. 
‘‘12311. Active duty agreements. ‘‘12312. Active duty agreements: release from 
duty. 
‘‘12313. Reserves: release from active duty. ‘‘12314. Reserves: kinds of duty. 
‘‘12315. Reserves: duty with or without pay. ‘‘12316. Payment of certain Reserves while on 
duty. 
‘‘12317. Reserves: theological students; limita-
tions. 
‘‘12318. Reserves on active duty: duties; fund-
ing. 
‘‘12320. Reserve officers: grade in which or-
dered to active duty. 
‘‘12321. Reserve Officer Training Corps units: 
limitation on number of Reserves as-signed. 
‘‘12323. Policies and procedures. 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —RESERVE DUTY AUTHORITIES  
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘12341. Active duty. ‘‘12342. Call to Federal service. ‘‘12343. Inactive duty. 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PURPOSE OF RESERVE DUTY  
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘12351. Reserve component: required duty. ‘‘12352. Reserve component: required training. ‘‘12353. Reserve component: optional duty.’’. (5) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 1213 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 12503. 
(6) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 1215 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 12552. 
(7) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 1217 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items related to sections 12603 and 12604 and inserting the following: 
‘‘12603. Attendance at inactive duty assem-
blies: commercial travel at Federal supply schedule rates. 
‘‘12604. Billeting in Department of Defense fa-
cilities: Reserves attending inactive duty.’’. 
(8) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 1805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item related to section 18505 and inserting the following: 
‘‘18505. Reserves traveling for inactive duty: 
space-required travel on military air-craft.’’. 
(9) The table of chapters at the beginning of 
title 32, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to chapter 5 and inserting the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:45 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3021 May 14, 2015 
‘‘5. Training and Other Duty 
501’’. 
(10) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 1 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 115. 
(11) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 502 and inserting the following: 
‘‘502. Required training, field exercises, and 
other duty.’’. 
SEC. 526. EFFECTIVE DATE AND IMPLEMENTA-
TION. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this subtitle shall take effect on October 1, 2017. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to the Coast Guard, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing a plan to implement the amendments made by this subtitle when they take effect on the date specified in subsection (a). 
(c) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall contain a draft of such legisla-tion as may be necessary to make any addi-tional technical and conforming changes to ti-tles 10, 14, 32, and 37, United States Code, and other provisions of law that are required or should be made by reason of the amendments made by this subtitle. 
Subtitle D—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 531. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO DEVELOP 
AND PROVIDE ADDITIONAL RE-CRUITMENT INCENTIVES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL RECRUITMENT INCENTIVES AU-
THORIZED .—The Secretary of a military depart-
ment may develop and provide incentives, not otherwise authorized by law, to encourage indi-viduals to accept an appointment as a commis-sioned officer, to accept an appointment as a warrant officer, or to enlist in an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. 
(b) R
ELATION TO OTHER PERSONNEL AUTHORI -
TIES.—A recruitment incentive developed under 
subsection (a) may be provided— 
(1) without regard to the lack of specific au-
thority for the recruitment incentive under title 10 or 37, United States Code; and 
(2) notwithstanding any provision of such ti-
tles, or any rule or regulation prescribed under such provision, relating to methods of providing incentives to individuals to accept appointments or enlistments in the Armed Forces, including the provision of group or individual bonuses, pay, or other incentives. 
(c) N
OTICE AND WAITREQUIREMENT .—The 
Secretary of a military department may not pro-vide a recruitment incentive developed under subsection (a) until— 
(1) the Secretary submits to the congressional 
defense committees a plan regarding provision of the recruitment incentive, which includes— 
(A) a description of the incentive, including 
the purpose of the incentive and the potential recruits to be addressed by the incentive; 
(B) a description of the provisions of titles 10 
and 37, United States Code, from which the in-centive would require a waiver and the ration-ale to support the waiver; 
(C) a statement of the anticipated outcomes as 
a result of providing the incentive; and 
(D) a description of the method to be used to 
evaluate the effectiveness of the incentive; and 
(2) the expiration of the 30-day period begin-
ning on the date on which the plan was received by Congress. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF INCENTIVES .— 
The Secretary of a military department may not provide more than three recruitment incentives under the authority of this section. 
(e) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF INDIVIDUALS  
RECEIVING INCENTIVES .—The number of individ-uals who receive one or more of the recruitment 
incentives provided under subsection (a) by the Secretary of a military department during a fis-cal year for an Armed Force under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary may not exceed 20 percent of the accession objective of that Armed Force for that fiscal year. 
(f) D
URATION OF DEVELOPED INCENTIVE .—A 
recruitment incentive developed under sub-section (a) may be provided for not longer than a three-year period beginning on the date on which the incentive is first provided, except that the Secretary of the military department con-cerned may extend the period if the Secretary determines that additional time is needed to fully evaluate the effectiveness of the incentive. 
(g) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—If the Sec-
retary of a military department provides an re-cruitment incentive under subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report, not later than 60 days after the end of the fiscal year, containing— 
(1) a description of each incentive provided 
under subsection (a) during that fiscal year; and 
(2) an assessment of the impact of the incen-
tives on the recruitment of individuals for an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary. 
(h) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE  
INCENTIVES .—Notwithstanding subsection (f); 
the authority to provide recruitment incentives under this section expires on December 31, 2020. 
SEC. 532. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-
DUCT PILOT PROGRAMS ON CAREER FLEXIBILITY TO ENHANCE RETEN-TION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF LIMITATION ON ELIGIBLE PAR-
TICIPANTS .—Subsection (b) of section 533 of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF LIMITATION ON NUMBER OF  
PARTICIPANTS .—Subsection (c) of section 533 of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 533 of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d) through 
(m) as subsections (b) through (k), respectively; and 
(2) in subsections (b)(1), (d), and (f)(3)(D) (as 
so redesignated), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’. 
SEC. 533. MODIFICATION OF NOTICE AND WAIT 
REQUIREMENTS FOR CHANGE IN GROUND COMBAT EXCLUSION POL-ICY FOR FEMALE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R ULE FOR GROUND COMBAT PERSONNEL  
POLICY .—Section 652(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘before 
any such change is implemented’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 30 calendar days before such change is implemented’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (5). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
652(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘calendar’’ before ‘‘days’’. 
SEC. 534. ROLE OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE IN 
DEVELOPMENT OF GENDER-NEU-TRAL OCCUPATIONAL STANDARDS. 
Section 524(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3361; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph 
(1); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) measure the combat readiness of combat 
units, including special operations forces.’’. 
SEC. 535. BURDENS OF PROOF APPLICABLE TO IN-
VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS RE-LATED TO PROTECTED COMMUNICA-TIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND PROHIBITED RETALIA-TORY ACTIONS. 
(a) B URDENS OF PROOF .—Section 1034 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (i) and (j) as 
subsections (j) and (k), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-
lowing new subsection (i): 
‘‘(i) B URDENS OF PROOF .—The burdens of 
proof specified in section 1221(e) of title 5 shall apply in any investigation conducted by an In-spector General under subsection (c) or (d), any review performed by a board for the correction of military records under subsection (g), and any review conducted by the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (h).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to alle-gations pending or submitted under section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, on or after that date. 
SEC. 536. REVISION OF NAME ON MILITARY SERV-
ICE RECORD TO REFLECT CHANGE IN GENDER IDENTITY AFTER SEPA-RATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EVISION REQUIRED .—Section 1551 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) S ERVICE UNDER ASSUMED  
NAME.—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) C HANGE IN GENDER IDENTITY .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall reissue a certificate of discharge or an order of acceptance of resigna-tion in the new name of any person who, after separation from the armed forces, undergoes a change in gender identity and assumes a dif-ferent name.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
1551 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1551. Correction of name after separation 
from service’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 79 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 1551 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘1551. Correction of name after separation 
from service.’’. 
SEC. 537. ESTABLISHMENT OF BREASTFEEDING 
POLICY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. 
The Secretary of the Army shall develop a 
comprehensive policy regarding breastfeeding by female members of the Army who are breastfeeding. At a minimum, the policy shall address the following: 
(1) The provision of a designated room or area 
that will provide the member with adequate pri-vacy and cleanliness and that includes an elec-trical outlet to facilitate the use of a breast pump. Restrooms should not be considered an appropriate location. 
(2) An allowance for appropriate breaks, 
when practicable, to permit the member to breastfeed or utilize a breast pump. 
SEC. 538. SENSE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-
TIVES REGARDING SECRETARY OF DEFENSE REVIEW OF SECTION 504 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, REGARDING ENLISTING CERTAIN ALIENS IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of the House of Representatives 
that the Secretary of Defense should review sec-tion 504 of title 10, United States Code, for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:45 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3022 May 14, 2015 
purpose of making a determination and author-
ization pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of such sec-tion regarding the enlistment in the Armed Forces of an alien who possesses an employment authorization document issued under the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program of the Department of Homeland Security estab-lished pursuant to the memorandum of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security dated June 15, 2012. 
Subtitle E—Military Justice, Including Sexual 
Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response 
SEC. 541. IMPROVEMENTS TO SPECIAL VICTIMS’ 
COUNSEL PROGRAM. 
(a) Q UALIFICATIONS AND DESIGNATION .—Sec-
tion 1044e(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘An individual’’; (2) by designating existing paragraphs (1) and 
(2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall direct the 
Secretary of each military department to imple-ment additional selection criteria requiring that judge advocates have adequate criminal justice experience before they are assigned as Special Victims’ Counsel. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall develop a 
policy to standardize both the time frame within which Special Victims’ Counsel receive training and the training that each Special Victims’ Counsel receives.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 
1044e(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall establish 
appropriate program performance measures and standards, including evaluating, monitoring, and reporting on the Special Victims’ Counsel programs, establishing guiding principles for the military departments, and ensuring centralized, standardized assessment of program effective-ness and client satisfaction. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense shall direct the 
Secretary of each military department to per-form regular evaluations to ensure that Special Victims’ Counsel are assigned to locations that maximize the opportunity for face-to-face inter-actions between counsel and clients and to de-velop effective means by which a Special Vic-tims’ Counsel may communicate with a client when face-to-face communication is not fea-sible.’’. 
SEC. 542. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIAN 
EMPLOYEE ACCESS TO SPECIAL VIC-TIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Section 1044e(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A civilian employee of the Department of 
Defense who is not eligible for military legal as-sistance under section 1044(a)(7) of this title, but who is the victim of an alleged sex-related of-fense, and the Secretary of Defense or the Sec-retary of the military department concerned waives the condition in such section for the pur-poses of offering Special Victims’ Counsel serv-ices to the employee.’’. 
SEC. 543. ACCESS TO SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL 
FOR FORMER DEPENDENTS OF MEM-BERS AND FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1044e(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after subpara-graph (C), as added by section 542, the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) An individual who is a former dependent 
of a member or former member of the armed forces described in subparagraph (A) or (B), if the alleged sex-related offense— 
‘‘(i) was perpetrated by a person who is, or is 
reasonably believed to be, a person subject to chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) pursuant to section 802 of this 
title (article 2(a) of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice); and 
‘‘(ii) occurred while the individual was a de-
pendent of the member or former member.’’. 
SEC. 544. REPRESENTATION AND ASSISTANCE 
FROM SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL IN RETALIATORY PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 1044e(b) of title 10, United States Code 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-
graph (10); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(9) Legal representation and assistance in 
any action or proceeding that, in the judgment of the Special Victims’ Counsel, may have been undertaken in retaliation for the victim’s report of an alleged sex-related offense or for the vic-tim’s involvement in related military justice pro-ceedings.’’. 
SEC. 545. TIMELY NOTIFICATION TO VICTIMS OF 
SEX-RELATED OFFENSES OF THE AVAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE FROM SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Section 1044e(f)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘Notice of the availability of a Special Victims’ Counsel shall be provided to the victim before any of the personnel identi-fied or designated by the Secretary concerned under this paragraph interviews, or requests any statement from, the victim regarding the al-leged sex-related offense.’’. 
SEC. 546. PARTICIPATION BY VICTIM IN PUNITIVE 
PROCEEDINGS AND ACCESS TO RECORDS. 
(a) V ICTIM SUBMISSION OF MATTERS FOR CON-
SIDERATION BY COMMANDING OFFICER IN NON-
JUDICIAL PUNISHMENT PROCEEDINGS .—Section 
815 of title 10, United States Code (article 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(h) V
ICTIM PARTICIPATION IN NONJUDICIAL  
PUNISHMENT PROCEEDINGS .—(1) For any offense 
that involves a victim, in any case in which a commanding officer or other person authorized to act under this section (article) is considering imposing a punishment authorized in subsection (b) on a member of the command, mitigation of a punishment under subsection (d), or an ap-peal of a punishment under subsection (e), the victim shall be provided an opportunity to sub-mit written matters for consideration by the per-son authorized to act under this section (arti-cle). 
‘‘(2) The victim shall be notified of a com-
mander’s decision to consider a punishment, consider mitigating a punishment, or consider an appeal under this section (article). The vic-tim shall also be notified of the opportunity to submit matters for consideration under this sub-section. 
‘‘(3) The submission of matters under para-
graph (1) shall be made within the three-day pe-riod the accused is given to seek legal counsel. 
‘‘(4) A victim may waive the right under this 
subsection to make a submission to the com-manding officer or other person taking action under this section (article). Such a waiver shall be made in writing and may not be revoked. 
‘‘(5) In the case of proceedings under this sec-
tion (article) for an offense that involved a vic-tim, a copy of all prepared records of the pro-ceedings, including a written copy of any admo-nition or reprimand, shall be given to the victim without charge and as soon as a decision is fi-nalized. The victim shall be notified of the op-portunity to receive the records of the pro-ceedings under this subsection. 
‘‘(6) In this section, the term ‘victim’ means a 
person who has suffered a direct physical, emo-tional, or pecuniary loss as a result of a commis-sion of an offense under this chapter (the Uni-form Code of Military Justice) and on which a commanding officer or other person authorized to take action under this section (article) is tak-ing action under this section (article). ‘‘(7) This subsection applies only with respect 
to the Department of Defense.’’. 
(b) V
ICTIM SUBMISSION OF MATTERS FOR CON-
SIDERATION IN ADMINISTRATIVE SEPARATION  
PROCEEDINGS .—Chapter 59 of title 10, United 
States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1159. Victim participation in administra-
tive separation proceedings 
‘‘(a)(1) Under regulations prescribed by the 
Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned shall ensure that, when administrative separation is considered for a member of the of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps in connection to an offense that involved a victim, the person or board au-thorized to provide recommendations and act on recommendations for retention or separation under this chapter must consider the impact of the offense on the victim and the views of the victim on retention. 
‘‘(2) Such regulations shall ensure that vic-
tims are provided an opportunity to submit writ-ten matters for consideration, including, but not limited to, written testimony, to the person or board authorized to provide recommendations and act on recommendations for administrative separation proceedings under this chapter. A victim may waive the right under this section to make a submission. 
‘‘(b) Under regulations prescribed by the Sec-
retary of Defense, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall ensure that a copy of all prepared records of the proceedings, in-cluding, but not limited to, the decision on re-tention or separation and any written expla-nation thereof, shall be given to the victim with-out charge and as soon as a decision is final-ized. The victim shall be notified of the oppor-tunity to receive the records of the proceedings under this subsection. 
‘‘(c) In this section, the term ‘victim’ means a 
person who has suffered a direct physical, emo-tional, or pecuniary loss as a result of a commis-sion of an offense under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) and on which the armed forces are considering adminis-trative separation or retention.’’. 
(c) V
ICTIM SUBMISSION OF MATTERS FOR CON-
SIDERATION IN ADMINISTRATIVE SEPARATION  
PROCEEDINGS OF OFFICERS .—Section 1185 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: 
‘‘(c) Under regulations prescribed by the Sec-
retary of Defense, when a board of inquiry is held under this section for an officer of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps in con-nection with an offense that involved a victim, the board of inquiry— 
‘‘(1) shall consider the impact of the offense 
on the victim and the views of the victim on re-tention; 
‘‘(2) shall provide victims an opportunity to 
submit matters for consideration, including in- person testimony, although a victim may waive the right under this subsection to make a sub-mission; and 
‘‘(3) shall provide victims with all prepared 
records of the proceedings, including the deci-sion on retention or separation and any written explanation thereof. 
‘‘(d) When a record is withheld under sub-
section (a)(4), the victim shall, to the extent that the interest of national security permits, be fur-nished a summary of the record so withheld. 
‘‘(e) In this section, the term ‘victim’ means a 
person who has suffered a direct physical, emo-tional, or pecuniary loss as a result of a commis-sion of an offense under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) and on which an officer is required to show cause for retention on active duty under section 1181 of this title.’’’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3023 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 547. VICTIM ACCESS TO REPORT OF RE-
SULTS OF PRELIMINARY HEARING UNDER ARTICLE 32 OF THE UNI-FORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
Section 832(c) of title 10, United States Code 
(article 32(c) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘R
EPORT OF RE-
SULTS .—’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The report prepared under paragraph (1) 
shall be provided to the victim, without charge, at the same time as the report is delivered to the accused.’’. 
SEC. 548. MINIMUM CONFINEMENT PERIOD RE-
QUIRED FOR CONVICTION OF CER-TAIN SEX-RELATED OFFENSES COM-MITTED BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) M ANDATORY PUNISHMENTS .—Section 
856(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code (article 56(b)(1) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by striking ‘‘at a minimum’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of the paragraph and inserting the following: ‘‘at a minimum except as provided for in section 860 of this title (article 60)— 
‘‘(A) dismissal or dishonorable discharge; and ‘‘(B) confinement for two years.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subparagraph (B) of 
paragraph (1) of section 856(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 56(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by subsection (a), shall apply to offenses specified in paragraph (2) of such section committed on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 549. STRATEGY TO PREVENT RETALIATION 
AGAINST MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO REPORT OR INTER-VENE ON BEHALF OF THE VICTIM IN INSTANCES OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall establish a comprehensive strategy to prevent retaliation carried out by members of the Armed Forces against other members who re-port or otherwise intervene on behalf of the vic-tim in instances of sexual assault. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive strategy 
required by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Bystander intervention programs empha-
sizing the importance of guarding against such retaliation. 
(2) Department of Defense and military de-
partment policies and requirements to ensure protection from retaliation against victims of sexual assault and members who intervene on behalf of a victim. 
(3) Additional training for commanders on 
methods and procedures to combat attitudes and beliefs that lead to retaliation acts by members. 
(c) R
ETALIATION DESCRIBED .—For purposes of 
this section, the term ‘‘retaliation’’ has the meaning given that term in the regulations issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 1709(b)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) and shall include os-tracism and other acts of maltreatment des-ignated by the Secretary pursuant to subpara-graph (B) of such section. 
(d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives on the comprehensive strategy re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 550. IMPROVED DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN WHICH THE VICTIM IS A MALE MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LAN TO IMPROVE PREVENTION AND RE-
SPONSE .—The Secretary of Defense, in collabo-
ration with the Secretaries of the military de-partments, shall develop a plan to improve De-partment of Defense prevention and response to sexual assaults in which the victim is a male 
member of the Armed Forces. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Sexual assault prevention and response 
training to more comprehensively and directly address the incidence of male members of the Armed Forces who are sexually assaulted and how certain behavior and activities, such as hazing, can constitute a sexual assault. 
(2) Methods to evaluate the extent to which 
differences exist in the medical and mental health-care needs of male and female sexual as-sault victims, and the care regimen, if any, that will best meet those needs. 
(3) Data-driven decision making to improve 
male-victim sexual assault prevention and re-sponse program efforts. 
(4) Goals with associated metrics to drive the 
changes needed to address sexual assaults of male members of the Armed Forces. 
(5) Information about the sexual victimization 
of males in communications to members that are used to raise awareness of sexual assault and efforts to prevent and respond to it. 
(6) Guidance for the department’s medical and 
mental health providers, and other personnel as appropriate, based on the results of the evalua-tion described in paragraph (2), that delineates these gender-specific distinctions and the care regimen that is recommended to most effectively meet those needs. 
SEC. 551. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-
SPONSE TRAINING FOR ADMINIS-TRATORS AND INSTRUCTORS OF THE JUNIOR AND SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS. 
(a) T RAINING AND EDUCATION REQUIRED .—The 
Secretary of a military department shall ensure that the commander of each unit of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps or Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps and all Professors of Military Science, senior military instructors, and civilian employees detailed, assigned, or em-ployed as administrators and instructors of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps receive regular sexual assault prevention and response training and education. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The Secretary 
of a military department shall ensure that infor-mation regarding the availability of legal assist-ance and the sexual assault prevention and re-sponse program is made available to the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps personnel referred to in subsection (a). 
SEC. 552. MODIFICATION OF MANUAL FOR 
COURTS-MARTIAL TO REQUIRE CON-SISTENT PREPARATION OF THE FULL RECORD OF TRIAL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, Rule 1103 of the Manual for Courts-Martial (relating to preparation of the record of trial) shall be amended to ensure that, for any general or special court-martial proceeding under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), trial counsel shall prepare a complete record of trial, consisting of each available con-tent item, matter, or attachment specified in the Rule. No content item, matter, or attachment may be exempted based on the outcome of the court-martial proceeding. 
SEC. 553. INCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL INFORMA-
TION IN ANNUAL REPORTS REGARD-ING DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SEX-UAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) R OLE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY  
ADVOCACY PROGRAM .—Section 1631(b) of the Ike 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘by 
the report,’’ the following: ‘‘including all cases under the purview of the Department of Defense Family Advocacy Program pursuant to section 1058 of title 10, United States Code,’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘by 
the report,’’ the following: ‘‘including all cases under the purview of the Department of Defense 
Family Advocacy Program pursuant to such sec-tion 1058,’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by inserting after ‘‘sub-
stantiated case,’’ the following: ‘‘including each case under the purview of the Department of Defense Family Advocacy Program pursuant to such section 1058,’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
SEXUAL HARASSMENT INVOLVING MEMBERS OF  
THEARMED FORCES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1631(b) of the Ike 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(12) Information and data collected on sex-
ual harassment involving members of the Armed Forces during the year covered by the report. The information shall include the number of substantiated and unsubstantiated cases, a syn-opsis of each such substantiated case, and the action taken in each substantiated case, includ-ing the type of disciplinary or administrative sanction imposed, if any, such as conviction and sentence by court-martial, imposition of non-judicial punishment under section 815 of title 10, United States Code (article 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or adminis-trative separation or other type administrative action imposed.’’. 
(2) S
ECRETARY OF DEFENSE ASSESSMENT OF IN -
FORMATION IN REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 
1631(d)(2) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(11)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (11) and (12) of subsection (b)’’. 
(c) R
ETALIATION AGAINST ALLEGED VICTIMS  
OFSEXUAL ASSAULT .—Section 1631(b) of the Ike 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by inserting after para-graph (12), as added by subsection (b), the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(13)(A) Information and data collected on re-
ports of retaliation against alleged victims of sexual assault, including the number of sub-stantiated and unsubstantiated cases. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘retaliation’ 
has the meaning given such term by the Sec-retary of Defense as required by section 1709(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 962; 10 U.S.C. 113 note).’’. 
(d) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The 
amendments made by this section shall take ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply beginning with the reports required to be submitted by March 1, 2016, under section 1631 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111– 383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note). 
SEC. 554. RETENTION OF CASE NOTES IN INVES-
TIGATIONS OF SEX-RELATED OF-FENSES INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, AIR FORCE, OR MA-RINE CORPS. 
(a) R ETENTION OF ALL INVESTIGATIVE  
RECORDS REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update Department of Defense records retention policies to ensure that, for all investigations relating to an alleged sex-related offense (as defined in section 1044e(g) of title 10, United States Code) involv-ing a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps, all elements of the case file shall be retained as part of the investigative records retained in accordance with section 3500 of title 18, United States Code, and section 586 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In updating records retention 
policies as required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall address, at a minimum, the following matters: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3024 May 14, 2015 
(1) The elements of the case file to be retained 
must include, at a minimum, the case activity record, case review record, investigative plans, and all case notes made by an investigating agent or agents. 
(2) All investigative records must be retained 
for no less than 50 years. 
(3) No element of the case file may be de-
stroyed until the expiration of the time that in-vestigative records must be kept. 
(4) Records may be stored digitally or in hard 
copy, in accordance with existing law or regula-tions or additionally prescribed policy consid-ered necessary by the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
(c) C
ONSISTENT EDUCATION AND POLICY .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall ensure that existing policy, education, and training are updated to reflect policy changes in accordance with sub-section (a). 
(d) U
NIFORM APPLICATION TO MILITARY DE-
PARTMENTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall en-
sure that, to the maximum extent practicable, the policy developed under subsections (a) is im-plemented uniformly by the military depart-ments. 
SEC. 555. ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE REGARDING RE-
LEASE OF MENTAL HEALTH RECORDS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILI-TIES IN CASES INVOLVING ANY SEX- RELATED OFFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish and 
issue uniform guidance to ensure that, with re-spect to any case involving any sex-related of-fense, mental health records of the alleged vic-tim of the sex-related offense and communica-tions related to such mental health records that are maintained by a Department of Defense medical treatment facility are neither sought by investigators or military justice practitioners nor acknowledged or released by the medical treat-ment facility unless and until the production of such mental health records or communications has been ordered by a military judge or a hear-ing officer described in section 832(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
SEC. 556. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF RECORDS OF 
CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUS-TICE. 
(a) P UBLIC AVAILABILITY REQUIRED .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall make available, elec-tronically through a website of the Department of Defense, to the public all information speci-fied in subsection (c) (subject to such exceptions as may apply under subsection (d)) for all of the proceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice specified in subsection (b). 
(b) C
OVERED PROCEEDINGS .—The system es-
tablished under subsection (a) shall contain in-formation for the following proceedings under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice): 
(1) Special and general courts-martial under 
subchapter IV of such chapter. 
(2) Actions by the convening authority under 
section 860 of such title (article 60). 
(3) Reviews conducted by the Courts of Crimi-
nal Appeals under section 866 of such title (arti-cle 66). 
(4) Reviews conducted by the Court of Appeals 
for the Armed Forces under section 867 of such title (article 67). 
(c) C
OVERED INFORMATION .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (d), the following informa-tion, either directly or through links to another website, shall be made available through the system established under subsection (a) as soon as the information is reasonably available: 
(1) The location of the proceeding and contact 
information for each base and court jurisdic-tion, including, when applicable, the name and telephone number of the legal office with juris-diction over the proceeding. 
(2) The calendar of proceedings. (3) The docket information for the proceeding. (4) Any motions and documents filed in con-
nection with the proceeding. 
(5) The substance of all written rulings and 
opinions issued in the proceeding, in a text- searchable format. 
(6) The authenticated record of the pro-
ceeding. 
(7) Any other information related to the pro-
ceeding that the Secretary of Defense determines to be useful to the public. 
(d) P
ROTECTION OF PRIVACY AND SECURITY .— 
(1) R EVISION OF MANUAL FOR COURTS -MAR-
TIAL.—The Manual for Courts-Martial shall be 
updated to address privacy and security con-cerns related to the electronic filing of docu-ments and the public availability of documents made available through the system established under subsection (a). Such guidance must con-sider, at minimum, the protection of privacy of individuals named in records and status of records under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Free-dom of Information Act), section 552a of such title (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act), restricted reporting cases, and laws and guid-ance related to privilege. Such guidance shall provide to the extent practicable for uniform treatment of privacy and security issues throughout each proceeding specified in sub-section (b) and across all branches of the Armed Forces. To the extent that such guidance pro-vide for the redaction of certain categories of in-formation to address privacy and security con-cerns, such guidance shall provide that a party that wishes to file an otherwise proper docu-ment containing such information may file an unredacted document under seal, which shall be retained as part of the proceeding as part of the record, and which, at the discretion of the court and subject to any applicable guidance issued in the Manual for Courts Martial, shall be either in lieu of, or in addition, to, a redacted copy in the public file. 
(2) I
NTERIM GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of De-
fense may issue interim guidance, and interpre-tive statements relating to the application of such guidance, which conform to the require-ments of paragraph (1) and which shall cease to have effect upon the effective date of the guid-ance required under paragraph (1). Pending issuance of the guidance required under para-graph (1), any guidance or order of any court, or of the Secretary of Defense, providing for the redaction of certain categories of information in order to address privacy and security concerns arising from electronic filing shall comply with, and be construed in conformity with, the last sentence of paragraph (1). 
(e) E
LECTRONIC FILINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (d) or under paragraph (2), each court- martial and the courts specified in paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (b) shall make each document that is filed electronically with the court available to the public through a website of the Department of Defense. To the extent practicable, the court shall convert any docu-ment that is filed in paper form to electronic form. To the extent such conversions are made, all such electronic versions of the document shall be made available to the public. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) does not apply 
to any filed document that is not otherwise available to the public, such as a document filed under seal. 
(f) M
AINTENANCE OF DATA.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall ensure that the information in the system established under subsection (a) is up-dated regularly and kept reasonably current. Electronic files and docket information for a proceeding closed for more than five years are not required to be made available through the system, except all written opinions with a date of issuance after the date specified in subsection (h) shall remain available to the public through the system. 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION TO CHARGE FEES.—The 
Secretary of Defense may prescribe reasonable fees for access to information made available 
through the system established under subsection (a). These fees may distinguish between classes of persons, and shall provide for exempting per-sons or classes of persons from the fees, in order to avoid unreasonable burdens and to promote public access to such information. The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe a schedule of reason-able fees for electronic access to information which the Secretary is required to maintain and make available to the public. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit each schedule of fees pre-scribed under this subsection to the Congress at least 30 days before the schedule of fees becomes effective. 
(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .—The 
information system required by this section shall be available to the public no later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and apply to all proceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice specified in subsection (b) that have begun or been completed since the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 557. REVISION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE DIRECTIVE-TYPE MEMO-RANDUM 15-003, RELATING TO REG-ISTERED SEX OFFENDER IDENTI-FICATION, NOTIFICATION, AND MON-ITORING IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EVISION REQUIRED ; DATABASE .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense Directive-type Memo-randum 15-003, relating to Registered Sex Of-fender Identification, Notification, and Moni-toring in the Department of Defense, and all subsequent directive and guidance to ensure the following: 
(1) All provisions of the Department of De-
fense Directive-type Memorandum 15-003 shall go into effect not later than 180 days after its re-vision under this section. 
(2) The Department of Defense shall create a 
database (in this section referred to as the ‘‘database’’) to track the following sex offend-ers: 
(A) Sex offenders who are active-duty or re-
serve component members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps or civilian employees of the Department of Defense. 
(B) Former active-duty or reserve component 
members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Ma-rine Corps who have been convicted of a sex of-fense under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), if not already covered by subparagraph (A). 
(3) For each individual identified in the data-
base pursuant to paragraph (2)(A), the database shall contain the following information: 
(A) The name of the sex offender (including 
any alias used by the individual). 
(B) The Social Security number of the sex of-
fender. 
(C) A physical description of the sex offender. (D) A current photograph of the sex offender. (E) The address of each residence at which 
the sex offender resides. 
(F) The name and address of any place where 
the sex offender is an employee, including the sex offender’s current assignment, duty station, physical place of work, and deployment status, if applicable. 
(G) The name and address of any place where 
the sex offender is a student. 
(H) The text of the provision of law defining 
the criminal offense for which the sex offender is registered in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other Fed-eral, State, or local laws. 
(I) The criminal history of the sex offender, 
including the date of all arrests and convictions; the status of parole, probation, or supervised re-lease; registration status in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other applicable Federal, State, or local laws; and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3025 May 14, 2015 
existence of any outstanding arrest warrants for 
the sex offender. 
(J) Any other information required by Sec-
retary of Defense. 
(4) For each individual identified in the data-
base pursuant to paragraph (2)(B), the database shall contain the following information: 
(A) The name of the sex offender (including 
any alias used by the individual). 
(B) The Social Security number of the sex of-
fender. 
(C) A physical description of the sex offender. (D) A current photograph of the sex offender. (E) The last known address of each residence 
of the sex offender and, if released or about to be released from a military correctional facility, the intended address of residence of the sex of-fender. 
(F) The text of the provision of law defining 
the criminal offense for which the sex offender is registered in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other Fed-eral, State, or local laws. 
(G) The criminal history of the sex offender, 
including the date of all arrests and convictions; the status of parole, probation, or supervised re-lease; registration status in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other Federal, State, or local laws; and the existence of any outstanding arrest warrants for the sex offender. 
(H) Any other information required by Sec-
retary of Defense. 
(5) The database shall be available to local, 
State, and Federal law enforcement agencies. In the case of each individual identified in the database pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) who fails to register with a sex offender registry in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other applicable Federal, State, or local laws, the Secretary of Defense shall make available on the Internet, in a manner that is readily accessible to the public, the fol-lowing information: 
(A) The name of the sex offender (including 
any alias used by the individual). 
(B) A physical description of the sex offender. (C) A most recent photograph of the sex of-
fender. 
(D) The last known address of each residence 
of the sex offender and, if applicable, the in-tended address of residence of the sex offender. 
(E) The criminal offense for which the sex of-
fender is registered in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other applicable Federal, State, or local laws. 
(F) Notification that the sex offender has 
failed to register on a sex offender registry in accordance with Federal, State, or local laws. 
(G) Any other information required by Sec-
retary of Defense, in accordance with existing laws and regulations. 
(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
1631(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(12) The number of individuals released from 
active-duty as a members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps as a result of a con-viction of a sex-related offense, including the number who have registered with a local sex of-fender registry in accordance with local, State, and Federal law and the number who have failed to register with a local sex offender reg-istry in accordance with local, State, and Fed-eral law.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) In this section, the term ‘‘sex offender’’ 
means an individual who is required to be placed on a sexual offender registry by Federal, State, or local laws, including the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587). (2) In this section, the term ‘‘sex offense’’ 
means an offense in a category of conduct pun-ishable under the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice specified by the Secretary of Defense pursu-ant to section 115(a)(8)(C)(i) of Public Law 105– 119 (10 U.S.C. 951 note). 
SEC. 558. IMPROVED IMPLEMENTATION OF 
CHANGES TO UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall examine the 
Department of Defense and interagency review process for implementing statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice for the purpose of developing options for streamlining such process. The Secretary shall adopt proce-dures to ensure that legal guidance is published at the same time as statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice are imple-mented. 
Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, and 
Transition 
SEC. 561. AVAILABILITY OF PRESEPARATION 
COUNSELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DISCHARGED OR RE-LEASED AFTER LIMITED ACTIVE DUTY. 
Section 1142(a)(4) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘that 
member’s first 180 days of active duty’’ and in-serting ‘‘the first 180 continuous days of active duty of the member’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of calculating the days of 
active duty of a member under subparagraph (A), the Secretary concerned shall exclude any day on which— 
‘‘(i) the member performed full-time training 
duty or annual training duty; and 
‘‘(ii) the member attended, while in the active 
military service, a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
SEC. 562. AVAILABILITY OF ADDITIONAL TRAIN-
ING OPPORTUNITIES UNDER TRAN-SITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL TRAINING OPPORTUNITIES .— 
(1) As part of the program carried out under this section, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy, shall permit a member of the armed forces eligible for assistance under the program to elect to receive additional training in any of the fol-lowing subjects: 
‘‘(A) Preparation for higher education or 
training. 
‘‘(B) Preparation for career or technical train-
ing. 
‘‘(C) Preparation for entrepreneurship. ‘‘(D) Other training options determined by the 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense and the Sec-
retary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy, shall ensure that a member of the armed forces who elects to receive additional training in subjects available under paragraph (1) is able to receive the training.’’. 
SEC. 563. ENHANCEMENTS TO YELLOW RIBBON 
REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) S COPE AND PURPOSE .—Section 582(a) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘combat veteran’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—Section 582 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following 
new subsection: 
‘‘(l) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS DEFINED .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible indi-vidual’ means a member of a reserve component, a member of their family, or a designated rep-resentative who the Secretary of Defense deter-mines to be eligible for the Yellow Ribbon Re-integration Program.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 582 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘National 
Guard and Reserve members and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘members of 
the reserve components of the Armed Forces, their families,’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individ-uals’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘mem-
bers of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(D) in subsection (h), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘members of the Armed Forces 
and their family members’’ and inserting ‘‘eligi-ble individuals’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such members and their fam-
ily members’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible indi-viduals’’; 
(E) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘members of 
the Armed Forces and their families’’ and insert-ing ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
(F) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘individual 
members of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’. 
(c) O
FFICE FOR REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS .— 
Section 582(d) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
stance abuse and mental health treatment serv-ices’’ and inserting ‘‘substance abuse, mental health treatment, and other quality of life serv-ices’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—The Office for Reintegration 
Programs may make grants to conduct data col-lection, trend analysis, and curriculum develop-ment and to prepare reports in support of activi-ties under this section.’’. 
(d) O
PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) E NHANCED FLEXIBILITY .—Subsection (g) of 
section 582 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110– 181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) O
PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Office for Reintegra-
tion Programs shall assist State National Guard and Reserve organizations with the development and provision of information, events, and activi-ties to support the health and well-being of eli-gible individuals before, during, and after peri-ods of activation, mobilization, or deployment. 
‘‘(2) F
OCUS OF INFORMATION , EVENTS , AND AC -
TIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) B EFORE ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—Before a period of activation, 
mobilization, or deployment, the information, events, and activities described in paragraph (1) should focus on preparing eligible individuals and affected communities for the rigors of acti-vation, mobilization, and deployment. 
‘‘(B) D
URING ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—During such a period, the infor-
mation, events, and activities described in para-graph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) helping eligible individuals cope with the 
challenges and stress associated with such pe-riod; 
‘‘(ii) decreasing the isolation of eligible indi-
viduals during such period; and 
‘‘(iii) preparing eligible individuals for the 
challenges associated with reintegration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3026 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(C) A FTER ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—After such a period, but no ear-
lier than 30 days after demobilization, the infor-mation, events, and activities described in para-graph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) reconnecting the member with their fami-
lies, friends, and communities; 
‘‘(ii) providing information on employment op-
portunities; 
‘‘(iii) helping eligible individuals deal with the 
challenges of reintegration; 
‘‘(iv) ensuring that eligible individuals under-
stand what benefits they are entitled to and what resources are available to help them over-come the challenges of reintegration; and 
‘‘(v) providing a forum for addressing nega-
tive behaviors related to operational stress and reintegration. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBER PAY .—Members shall receive ap-
propriate pay for days spent attending such events and activities. 
‘‘(4) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF EVENTS AND ACTIVI -
TIES.—The State National Guard and Reserve 
Organizations shall provide to eligible individ-uals— 
‘‘(A) one event or activity before a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment; 
‘‘(B) one event or activity during a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment; and 
‘‘(C) two events or activities after a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 582 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘throughout 
the entire deployment cycle’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘well-being through the 4 
phases’’ through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘well-being.’’; 
(ii) in the heading, by striking ‘‘; D
EPLOY -
MENT CYCLE’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking 
‘‘throughout the deployment cycle described in subsection (g)’’; and 
(D) in the heading of subsection (f), by strik-
ing ‘‘S
TATE DEPLOYMENT CYCLE’’. 
(e) A DDITIONAL PERMITTED OUTREACH SERV-
ICE.—Section 582(h) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(16) Stress management and positive coping 
skills.’’. 
(f) S
UPPORT OF DEPARTMENT -WIDE SUICIDE  
PREVENTION EFFORTS .—Section 582 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) S
UPPORT OF SUICIDE PREVENTION EF-
FORTS .—The Office for Reintegration Programs 
shall assist the Defense Suicide Prevention Of-fice and the Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain In-jury to collect and analyze information, sugges-tions, and best practices from State National Guard and Reserve organizations with suicide prevention and community response programs.’’. 
(g) N
AMECHANGE .—Section 582(d)(1)(B) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Substance Abuse and the Mental Health Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration’’. 
SEC. 564. APPOINTMENTS TO MILITARY SERVICE 
ACADEMIES FROM NOMINATIONS MADE BY DELEGATES IN CONGRESS FROM THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, GUAM, AMERICAN SAMOA, AND THE COM-MONWEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. 
(a) U NITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY .—Sec-
tion 4342(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’. 
(b) U
NITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY .—Section 
6954(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’. 
(c) U
NITED STATES AIRFORCE ACADEMY .— 
Section 9342(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Four’’; 
(3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Two’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Three’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply with respect to the nomination of candidates for appointment to the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United States Air Force Academy for classes entering these military service academies after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 565. RECOGNITION OF ADDITIONAL INVOL-
UNTARY MOBILIZATION DUTY AU-THORITIES EXEMPT FROM FIVE- YEAR LIMIT ON REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS OF PERSONS WHO SERVE IN THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
Section 4312(c)(4)(A) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘12304,’’ the following: ‘‘12304a, 12304b,’’. 
SEC. 566. JOB TRAINING AND POST-SERVICE 
PLACEMENT EXECUTIVE COM-MITTEE. 
Section 320 of title 38, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘a subor-
dinate Job Training and Post-Service Placement Executive Committee,’’ before ‘‘and such other committees’’; 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) J
OBTRAINING AND POST-SERVICE PLACE-
MENT EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE .—The Job Train-
ing and Post-Service Placement Executive Com-mittee described in subsection (b)(2) shall— 
‘‘(1) review existing policies, procedures, and 
practices of the Departments (including the mili-tary departments) with respect to job training and post-service placement programs; and 
‘‘(2) identify changes to such policies, proce-
dures, and practices to improve job training and post-service placement.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (d)(2), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing with respect to job training and post-service placement’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 567. DIRECT EMPLOYMENT PILOT PROGRAM 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
Defense may carry out a pilot program to en-hance the efforts of the Department of Defense to provide job placement assistance and related employment services directly to members in the National Guard and Reserves. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The pilot program shall 
be offered to, and administered by, the adju-tants general appointed under section 314 of title 32, United States Code. 
(c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—As a condi-
tion on the provision of funds under this section to a State to support the operation of the pilot program in the State, the State must agree to contribute an amount, derived from non-Federal sources, equal to at least 30 percent of the funds 
provided by the Secretary of Defense under this section. 
(d) D
IRECT EMPLOYMENT PROGRAM MODEL .— 
The pilot program should follow a job placement program model that focuses on working one-on- one with a member of a reserve component to cost-effectively provide job placement services, including services such as identifying unem-ployed and under employed members, job match-ing services, resume editing, interview prepara-tion, and post-employment follow up. Develop-ment of the pilot program should be informed by State direct employment programs for members of the reserve components, such as the programs conducted in California and South Carolina. 
(e) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall develop outcome measurements to evaluate the success of the pilot program. 
(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 
1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the results of the pilot program. The Secretary shall prepare the report in coordina-tion with the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau. 
(2) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—A report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description and assessment of the effec-
tiveness and achievements of the pilot program, including the number of members of the reserve components hired and the cost-per-placement of participating members. 
(B) An assessment of the impact of the pilot 
program and increased reserve component em-ployment levels on the readiness of members of the reserve components. 
(C) Any other matters considered appropriate 
by the Secretary. 
(g) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL FISCAL -YEAR OBLI-
GATIONS .—The total amount obligated by the 
Secretary of Defense to carry out the pilot pro-gram for any fiscal year may not exceed $20,000,000. 
(h) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to carry out 
the pilot program expires September 30, 2018. 
(2) E XTENSION .—Upon the expiration of the 
authority under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may extend the pilot program for not more than two additional fiscal years. 
SEC. 568. PROGRAM REGARDING CIVILIAN 
CREDENTIALING FOR SKILLS RE-QUIRED FOR CERTAIN MILITARY OC-CUPATIONAL SPECIALTIES. 
Section 558 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2015 note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) I
NCLUSION OF SPECIFIED MILITARY OCCU-
PATIONAL SPECIALTIES .—The pilot program re-
quired by this section shall include at a min-imum the following military occupational spe-cialties: 
‘‘(1) Army 31B Military Police. ‘‘(2) Navy MA Master-At-Arms. ‘‘(3) Air Force 3P0X1 Security Forces. ‘‘(4) Marine Corps 5811 Military Police. ‘‘(5) Army 11B Infantryman. ‘‘(6) Marine Corps 0311 Rifleman.’’. 
Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education 
and Military Family Readiness Matters 
SEC. 571. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-
SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  
NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— 
Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide ac-tivities as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301, $30,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local edu-cational agencies under subsection (a) of section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3027 May 14, 2015 
572 of the National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). 
(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 8013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 572. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-
DUCT FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS FOR IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ASSIGNED TO SPECIAL OP-ERATIONS FORCES. 
Section 554(f) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1785 note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 573. SUPPORT FOR EFFORTS TO IMPROVE 
ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT AND TRANSITION OF MILITARY DEPEND-ENT STUDENTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make grants to 
nonprofit organizations that provide services to improve the academic achievement of military dependent students, including those nonprofit organizations whose programs focus on improv-ing the civic responsibility of military dependent students and their understanding of the Federal Government through direct exposure to the oper-ations of the Federal Government. 
SEC. 574. STUDY REGARDING FEASIBILITY OF 
USING DEERS TO TRACK DEPEND-ENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES WHO ARE ELEMENTARY OR SECONDARY EDUCATION STUDENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report containing the results of a study regarding the feasibility of using the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS) to maintain records of where students who are dependents of members of the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilian em-ployees are enrolled in elementary or secondary education, be it private, public, or home- schooled. 
SEC. 575. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING SUP-
PORT FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT-TENDING SPECIALIZED CAMPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) It has been shown that some members of 
the Armed Forces have a difficult time transitioning back into civilian life due to post- traumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders from traumatic events they experi-enced during combat. 
(2) The children of returning members of the 
Armed Forces who suffer from post-traumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders often also suffer from severe distress due to the lack of a stable home environment and loss of a strong parental figure for guidance. 
(3) The children of members of the Armed 
Forces who are in severe distress can be helped by being given the opportunity to participate in intensive specialized programs outside of their regular environment with other children who are going through similar situations. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department of Defense should continue to support dependents of members of the Armed Forces in attending camps offered by nonprofit organizations that are using evidence- based practices to provide support to children grieving the loss of a parent, guardian, or sib-ling, or who have a parent, guardian, or sibling who suffers from post-traumatic stress or a be-havioral health disorder. Subtitle H—Decorations and Awards 
SEC. 581. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE 
DISTINGUISHED-SERVICE CROSS FOR ACTS OF EXTRAORDINARY HER-OISM DURING THE KOREAN WAR. 
Notwithstanding the time limitations specified 
in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Distinguished-Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to Edward Halcomb who, while serving in Korea as a mem-ber of the United States Army in the grade of Private First Class in Company B, 1st Battalion, 29th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division, distinguished himself by acts of extraordinary heroism from August 20, 1950, to October 19, 1950, during the Korean War. 
SEC. 582. LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY OF SECRE-
TARIES OF THE MILITARY DEPART-MENTS REGARDING REVOCATION OF COMBAT VALOR AWARDS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Chapter 57 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1133 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1133a. Limitation on revocation of combat 
valor awards 
‘‘The Secretary of a military department may 
not revoke a combat valor award awarded to a member of the armed forces under the jurisdic-tion of that Secretary unless the conduct of the member during the period of service during which the distinguished act occurred was not honorable. The Secretary may not consider the characterization of the member’s service outside of the actual time period covered by the award.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 57 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1133 the following new item: 
‘‘1133a. Limitation on revocation of combat 
valor awards.’’. 
SEC. 583. AWARD OF PURPLE HEART TO MEMBERS 
OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO WERE VICTIMS OF THE OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA, BOMBING. 
Notwithstanding section 571(a)(2) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3387), the Secretary of the military department con-cerned shall award the Purple Heart pursuant to section 1129a of title 10, United States Code, to the following members of the Armed Forces who were killed in the bombing that occurred at the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on April 19, 1995: 
(1) Sergeant First Class Lola Renee Bolden, 
United States Army. 
(2) Sergeant Benjamin Laranzo Davis, United 
States Marine Corps. 
(3) Captain Randolph Albert Guzman, United 
States Marine Corps. 
(4) Airman First Class Lakesha Racquel Levy, 
United States Air Force. 
(5) Airman First Class Cartney Jean Mcraven, 
United States Air Force. 
(6) Master Sergeant Victoria Lee Sohn, United 
States Army. 
Subtitle I—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 591. AUTHORITY FOR UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY TO CHARGE AND RETAIN TUITION FOR INSTRUCTION OF PERSONS OTHER THAN AIR FORCE PER-SONNEL DETAILED FOR INSTRUC-TION AT THE INSTITUTE. 
(a) I NSTITUTE INSTRUCTION OF PERSONS OTHER 
THANAIRFORCE PERSONNEL .—Section 9314a of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (a), (c), (d), 
(e), and (f) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as para-
graph (4) of subsection (d), as so redesignated; and 
(3) by inserting before subsection (d), as so re-
designated, the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) M
EMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES OTHER 
THAN THE AIRFORCE WHOAREDETAILED TO  
THE INSTITUTE .—(1) The Department of the 
Army, the Department of the Navy, and the De-partment of Homeland Security shall bear the cost of the instruction at the Air Force Institute of Technology that is received by members of the armed forces detailed for that instruction by the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Homeland Security, respectively. 
‘‘(2) Members of the Army, Navy, Marine 
Corps, and Coast Guard may only be detailed for instruction at the Institute on a space-avail-able basis. 
‘‘(3) In the case of an enlisted member of the 
Army, Navy, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard de-tailed to receive instruction at the Institute, the Secretary of the Air Force shall charge the Sec-retary concerned only for such costs and fees as the Secretary considers appropriate (taking into consideration the admission of enlisted members on a space-available basis). 
‘‘(b) F
EDERAL CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OTHER 
THAN AIRFORCE EMPLOYEES WHOAREDE-
TAILED TO THE INSTITUTE .—(1) The Institute 
shall charge tuition for the cost of providing in-struction at the Institute for any civilian em-ployee of a military department (other than a ci-vilian employee of the Department of the Air Force), of another component of the Department of Defense, or of another Federal agency who is detailed to receive instruction at the Institute. 
‘‘(2) The cost of any tuition charged an indi-
vidual under this subsection shall be borne by the department, agency, or component that de-tails the individual for instruction at the Insti-tute. 
‘‘(c) N
ON-DETAILED PERSONS .—(1) The Sec-
retary of the Air Force may permit persons de-scribed in paragraph (2) to receive instruction at the United States Air Force Institute of Tech-nology on a space-available basis. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to any of the fol-
lowing persons: 
‘‘(A) A member of the armed forces not de-
tailed for that instruction by the Secretary con-cerned. 
‘‘(B) A civilian employee of a military depart-
ment, of another component of the Department of Defense, of another Federal agency, or of a State’s National Guard not detailed for that in-struction by the Secretary concerned or head of the other Department of Defense component, other Federal agency, or the National Guard. 
‘‘(C) A United States citizen who is the recipi-
ent of a competitively selected Federal or De-partment of Defense sponsored scholarship or fellowship with a defense focus in areas of study related to the academic disciplines offered by the Air Force Institute of Technology and which requires a service commitment to the Fed-eral government in exchange for educational fi-nancial assistance. 
‘‘(3) If a scholarship or fellowship described in 
paragraph (2)(C) includes a stipend, the Insti-tute may accept the stipend payment from the scholarship or fellowship sponsor and make a direct payment to the individual.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  
REDESIGNATION AND OTHER CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .—Section 9314a of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), as redesignated by sub-
section (a)(1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘A DMISSION AUTHORIZED ’’ and 
inserting ‘‘D EFENSE INDUSTRY EMPLOYEES ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by sub-
section (a)(2), by striking ‘‘E LIGIBLE DEFENSE  
INDUSTRY EMPLOYEES .—’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)(1), as redesignated by sub-
section (a)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(1)’’; 
(3) in subsection (g)(1), as redesignated by 
subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘under this section’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under subsections (c) and (d)’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3028 May 14, 2015 
(B) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘who are detailed to receive in-struction at the Institute under subsection (b)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (h), as redesignated by sub-
section (a)(1), by striking ‘‘defense industry em-ployees enrolled under this section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘persons enrolled under this section who are not members of the armed forces or Government civilian employees’’. 
(c) C
ONDITIONS ON ADMISSION OF DEFENSE IN-
DUSTRY CIVILIANS .—Subsection (e)(1) of section 
9314a of title 10, United States Code, as redesig-nated by subsection (a)(1), is amended by strik-ing ‘‘will be done on a space-available basis and not require an increase in the size of the fac-ulty’’ and inserting ‘‘will not require an in-crease in the permanently authorized size of the faculty’’. 
(d) S
TATUTORY REORGANIZATION .—Chapter 
901 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by transferring subsections (d) and (f) of 
section 9314 to the end of section 9314b and re-designating those subsections as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) by striking subsection (e) of section 9314. (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADINGS .—(A) The heading of 
section 9314 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 9314. United States Air Force Institute of 
Technology: degree granting authority’’. 
(B) The heading of section 9314a of such title 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 9314a. United States Air Force Institute of 
Technology: reimbursement and tuition; in-struction of persons other than Air Force personnel’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 901 of such title is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 9314 and 9314a and inserting the following new items: 
‘‘9314. United States Air Force Institute of 
Technology: degree granting authority. 
‘‘9314a. United States Air Force Institute of 
Technology: reimbursement and tuition; instruction of persons other than Air Force personnel.’’. 
SEC. 592. HONORING CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE 
RESERVE COMPONENTS AS VET-ERANS. 
(a) V ETERAN STATUS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 107 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 107A. Honoring as veterans certain persons 
who performed service in the reserve compo-nents 
‘‘Any person who is entitled under chapter 
1223 of title 10 to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to retired pay for nonregular serv-ice shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this sec-tion.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 107 the following new item: 
‘‘107A. Honoring as veterans certain persons 
who performed service in the reserve com-ponents’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING BENEFITS .—No 
person may receive any benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs solely by reason of section 107A of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 593. SUPPORT FOR DESIGNATION OF 2015 AS 
THE YEAR OF THE MILITARY DIVER. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Military divers are serving and have served 
in the noble and self-sacrificing profession of military diving in the Armed Forces. 
(2) Military divers were created at the turn of 
the twentieth century, the trademark of diving is the Mark Five Dive Helmet created in 1915. (3) Military divers perform a dangerous and 
selfless task often without recognition, risking their lives on behalf of the United States. 
(4) The United States will forever be in debt to 
personnel in the profession of military diving for their bravery and sacrifice in times of peace and war. 
(4) People in the United States should express 
their recognition and gratitude for military div-ers and the diving profession. 
(5) In 1939, when the submarine U.S.S. 
Squalus sank, Navy divers used an experimental rig to rescue all 33 sailors aboard the vessel who survived the initial sinking, and the divers were awarded the Medal of Honor for their role in the rescue. 
(6) In 1941, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, 
Navy divers raised every battleship that was sunk at Pearl Harbor, to the surface (with the exception of the U.S.S. Arizona, U.S.S. Utah, and the U.S.S. Oklahoma). 
(7) The raised ships were repaired and sent 
back out to fight the Imperial Japanese Navy. 
(8) In 1986, when Space Shuttle Challenger ex-
ploded, Navy divers recovered the remains and debris. 
(9) When TWA Flight 800, Swissair Flight 111, 
and EgyptAir Flight 990 crashed, among others, Navy divers recovered the remains and debris. 
(10) In 1999, when John F. Kennedy Jr., Caro-
lyn Bessette, and Lauren Bessette died in a plane crash, Navy divers recovered their re-mains and debris. 
(11) In 2003, during the Quecreek Mine Rescue 
in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, Navy divers treated the recovered miners in Fly Away Re-compression Chambers. 
(12) 2015 would be an appropriate year to 
highlight the achievements of the military diver. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—In light of the find-
ings under subsection (a), Congress— 
(1) reaffirms its support for the sacrifices made 
by military divers during the past 100 years; 
(2) recognizes the sacrifices of those who have 
volunteered as military divers for their bravery; and 
(3) encourages and supports the Department 
of Defense to designate 2015 as the Year of the Military Diver to honor those who are serving and have served in the noble and self-sacrificing profession of military diving in the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 594. TRANSFER AND ADOPTION OF MILITARY 
ANIMALS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY FOR ADOPTION .—Section 
2583(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘may’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZED RECIPIENTS .—Subsection (c) 
of section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED RECIPIENTS .—(1) A military 
animal shall be made available for adoption under this section, in order of recommended pri-ority— 
‘‘(A) by former handlers of the animal; ‘‘(B) by law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(C) by other persons capable of humanely 
caring for the animal. 
‘‘(2) If the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned determines that an adoption is justified under subsection (a)(2) under cir-cumstances under which the handler of a mili-tary working dog is wounded in action, the dog shall be made available for adoption only by the handler. If the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned determines that such an adop-tion is justified under circumstances under which the handler of a military working dog is killed in action or dies of wounds received in ac-tion, the military working dog shall be made available for adoption only by a parent, child, spouse, or sibling of the deceased handler.’’. 
SEC. 595. COORDINATION WITH NON-GOVERN-
MENT SUICIDE PREVENTION ORGA-NIZATIONS AND AGENCIES TO AS-SIST IN REDUCING SUICIDES. 
(a) P OLICY REQUIRED .— (1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall develop a policy to coordinate the efforts of the Department of Defense and non-govern-ment suicide prevention organizations regard-ing— 
(A) the use of such non-government organiza-
tions to reduce the number of suicides among members of the Armed Forces by comprehen-sively addressing the needs of members of the Armed Forces who have been identified as being at risk of suicide; 
(B) the delineation of the responsibilities 
within the Department of Defense regarding interaction with such organizations; and 
(C) the collection of data regarding the effi-
cacy and cost of coordinating with such organi-zations; and 
(D) the preparation and preservation of any 
reporting material the Secretary determines nec-essary to carry out this section. 
(2) S
ELECTION OF ORGANIZATIONS .—The policy 
required by paragraph (1) shall include a policy on the identification of appropriate non-govern-ment organizations by the Secretary of Defense using factors developed by the Secretary. Such factors shall include— 
(A) the record of an organization in reducing 
suicide rates among participants in the pro-grams carried out by the organization; 
(B) the familiarity of an organization with the 
structure, ethos, and environment of the Armed Forces; 
(C) the demonstrated experience of an organi-
zation in understanding and working with in-jured and disabled members of the Armed Forces, including those who were injured in combat; 
(D) the expertise of an organization in im-
proving the emotional well being, mental clarity, and ability to perform missions of program par-ticipants; and 
(E) the expertise of an organization in improv-
ing the health and fitness of program partici-pants. 
(3) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall be authorized to take any necessary measures to prevent suicides by members of the Armed Forces, including by facilitating the access of members of the Armed Forces to successful non-governmental treat-ment regimen. 
(4) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the policy 
under this subsection, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Secretaries of each of the military departments and the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau. 
(b) S
UBMISSION AND IMPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a copy of the policy developed under this section. 
(2) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall ensure that the policy developed under this section is implemented by not later than the date that is 180 days after the submission of the policy under paragraph (1). 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE 
TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 602. PROHIBITION ON PER DIEM ALLOW-
ANCE REDUCTIONS BASED ON THE DURATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY AS-SIGNMENT OR CIVILIAN TRAVEL. 
(a) M EMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES .— 
Section 474(d)(3) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretaries concerned shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3029 May 14, 2015 
or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a 
locality based on the duration of the temporary duty assignment of a member of the uniformed services in the locality.’’. 
(b) C
IVILIAN EMPLOYEES .—Section 5702(a)(2) 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of the Department of Defense shall not alter the amount of the per diem al-lowance, or the maximum amount of reimburse-ment, for a locality based on the duration of the travel of an employee of the Department in the locality.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF POLICY AND REGULATIONS .— 
The policy, and any regulations issued pursu-ant to such policy, implemented by the Sec-retary of the Department of Defense on Novem-ber 1, 2014, with respect to reductions in per diem allowances based on duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel shall have no force or effect. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and 
Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR RESERVE FORCES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 308b(g), relating to Selected Re-
serve reenlistment bonus. 
(2) Section 308c(i), relating to Selected Reserve 
affiliation or enlistment bonus. 
(3) Section 308d(c), relating to special pay for 
enlisted members assigned to certain high-pri-ority units. 
(4) Section 308g(f)(2), relating to Ready Re-
serve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service. 
(5) Section 308h(e), relating to Ready Reserve 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
(6) Section 308i(f), relating to Selected Reserve 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
(7) Section 478a(e), relating to reimbursement 
of travel expenses for inactive-duty training outside of normal commuting distance. 
(8) Section 910(g), relating to income replace-
ment payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service. 
SEC. 612. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) T ITLE10 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-
tions of title 10, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse offi-
cer candidate accession program. 
(2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of 
education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. 
(b) T
ITLE37 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-
tions of title 37, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 302c–1(f), relating to accession and 
retention bonuses for psychologists. 
(2) Section 302d(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for registered nurses. 
(3) Section 302e(a)(1), relating to incentive 
special pay for nurse anesthetists. 
(4) Section 302g(e), relating to special pay for 
Selected Reserve health professionals in criti-cally short wartime specialties. 
(5) Section 302h(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for dental officers. 
(6) Section 302j(a), relating to accession bonus 
for pharmacy officers. 
(7) Section 302k(f), relating to accession bonus 
for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
(8) Section 302l(g), relating to accession bonus 
for dental specialist officers in critically short wartime specialties. SEC. 613. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF SPECIAL PAY 
AND BONUS AUTHORITIES FOR NU-CLEAR OFFICERS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 312(f), relating to special pay for 
nuclear-qualified officers extending period of active service. 
(2) Section 312b(c), relating to nuclear career 
accession bonus. 
(3) Section 312c(d), relating to nuclear career 
annual incentive bonus. 
SEC. 614. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLI-DATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus 
authority for enlisted members. 
(2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus 
authority for officers. 
(3) Section 333(i), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for nuclear offi-cers. 
(4) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation 
incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. 
(5) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. 
(6) Section 336(g), relating to contracting 
bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(7) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty 
pay. 
(8) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay 
or special duty pay. 
(9) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive 
pay or proficiency bonus. 
(10) Section 355(h), relating to retention incen-
tives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. 
SEC. 615. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL PAYS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 301b(a), relating to aviation officer 
retention bonus. 
(2) Section 307a(g), relating to assignment in-
centive pay. 
(3) Section 308(g), relating to reenlistment 
bonus for active members. 
(4) Section 309(e), relating to enlistment 
bonus. 
(5) Section 316a(g), relating to incentive pay 
for members of precommissioning programs pur-suing foreign language proficiency. 
(6) Section 324(g), relating to accession bonus 
for new officers in critical skills. 
(7) Section 326(g), relating to incentive bonus 
for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage. 
(8) Section 327(h), relating to incentive bonus 
for transfer between branches of the Armed Forces. 
(9) Section 330(f), relating to accession bonus 
for officer candidates. 
SEC. 616. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM ANNUAL 
AMOUNT OF NUCLEAR OFFICER BONUS PAY. 
Section 333(d)(1)(A) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$50,000’’. 
SEC. 617. MODIFICATION TO SPECIAL AVIATION 
INCENTIVE PAY AND BONUS AU-THORITIES FOR OFFICERS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF SECRETARIAL AUTHOR -
ITY TO SETREQUIREMENTS FOR AVIATION INCEN-
TIVEPAYELIGIBILITY .—Section 334(a) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I NCENTIVE PAY AUTHORIZED ; ELIGI -
BILITY .—The Secretary’’; (2) by designating existing paragraphs (1), (2), 
(3), (4), and (5) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively, and moving the mar-gin of such subparagraphs, as so designated, 2 ems to the right; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) O
FFICERS NOT CURRENTLY ENGAGED IN  
FLYING DUTY .—The Secretary concerned may 
pay aviation incentive pay under this section to an officer who is otherwise qualified for such pay but who is not currently engaged in the performance of operational flying duty or pro-ficiency flying duty if the Secretary determines, under regulations prescribed under section 374 of this title, that payment of aviation incentive pay to that officer is in the best interests of the service.’’. 
(b) R
ESTORATION OF AUTHORITY TO PAYAVIA-
TION INCENTIVE PAY TO MEDICAL OFFICERS PER-
FORMING FLIGHT SURGEON DUTIES .—Section 
334(h)(1) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(except a flight surgeon or other medical officer)’’. 
(c) I
NCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF AVIA-
TION SPECIAL PAYS.—Section 334(c)(1) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$850’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$1,000’’. 
(2) in subparagraph (B), is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$35,000’’. 
(d) A UTHORITY TO PAYAVIATION BONUS AND  
SKILL INCENTIVE PAYSIMULTANEOUSLY TO OFFI-
CERS.—Section 334(f) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘353’’ and in-
serting ‘‘353(a)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘a payment’’ and inserting ‘‘a 
bonus payment’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘353’’ and inserting ‘‘353(b)’’. 
SEC. 618. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE SPECIAL TRAVEL 
AND TRANSPORTATION ALLOWANCE FOR SURVIVORS OF DECEASED MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FROM THE VIETNAM CONFLICT. 
(a) R EPEAL AND REDESIGNATION .—Section 481f 
of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), 
and (h) as subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g). 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO CROSS REF-
ERENCE .—Section 2493(a)(4)(B)(ii) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 481f(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 481f(d)’’. 
Subtitle C—Modernization of Military 
Retirement System 
SEC. 631. FULL PARTICIPATION FOR MEMBERS OF 
THE UNIFORMED SERVICES IN THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN. 
(a) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—Section 8440e(a) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the fol-lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) the term ‘basic pay’ means basic pay pay-
able under section 204 of title 37; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘full TSP member’ means a mem-
ber described in subsection (e)(1); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘member’ has the meaning given 
the term in section 211 of title 37; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary concerned’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 101 of title 37.’’. 
(2) TSP 
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—Sub-
section (e) of section 8440e of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) TSP MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary concerned shall make contributions to the Thrift Savings Fund, in accordance with section 8432 of this title (except to the extent the requirements under such section are modified by this subsection), for the benefit of a member— 
‘‘(A) who first enters a uniformed service on 
or after October 1, 2017; or 
‘‘(B) who entered a uniformed service before 
that date, but who makes the election described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3030 May 14, 2015 
in section 1409(b)(4) of title 10 to receive Thrift 
Savings Plan matching contributions under this subsection in exchange for the reduced multi-pliers described in section 1409(b)(4)(B) of title 10 for purposes of calculating the retired pay of the member. 
‘‘(2) M
ATCHING AMOUNT .—The amount con-
tributed under this subsection by the Secretary concerned with respect to any contribution made by a full TSP member for any pay period shall be equal to such portion of the total amount of the member’s contribution as does not exceed 5 percent of the member’s basic pay for the pay period. Such amount contributed under this subsection is instead of, and not in addition to, amounts contributed under section 8432(c)(2) of this title. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING AND DURATION OF MATCHING CON -
TRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary concerned shall 
make a contribution under this subsection on behalf of a full TSP member for any pay period for the member that— 
‘‘(A) begins on or after December 1, 2017; and ‘‘(B) covers any period of service by the mem-
ber after the member completes two years of service. 
‘‘(4) P
ROTECTIONS FOR SPOUSES AND FORMER  
SPOUSES .—Section 8435 of this title shall apply 
to a full TSP member in the same manner as such section is applied to an employee or Mem-ber under such section.’’. 
(b) A
UTOMATIC ENROLLMENT IN THRIFT SAV-
INGS PLAN.—Section 8432(b)(2) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘Mem-
bers’’ and inserting ‘‘(ii) Except in the case of a full TSP member (as defined in section 8440e(a) of this title), members’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking 
‘‘8440e(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘8440e(b)(1)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this paragraph, if a full TSP member (as defined in section 8440e(a) of this title) has declined automatic enrollment into the Thrift Savings Plan for a year, the full TSP member shall be automatically reenrolled on January 1 of the succeeding year, with contributions under sub-section (a) at the default percentage of basic pay.’’. 
(c) V
ESTING .— 
(1) T WO-YEARS OF SERVICE .—Section 8432(g)(2) 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) 2 years of service in the case of a member 
of the uniformed services.’’. 
(2) S
EPARATION .—Section 8432(g) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) For purposes of this subsection, a member 
of the uniformed services shall be considered to have separated from Government employment if the member is discharged or released from serv-ice in the uniformed services.’’. 
(d) T
HRIFT SAVINGS PLANDEFAULT INVEST -
MENT FUND.—Section 8438(c)(2) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) Con-
sistent with the requirements of subparagraph (B), if an’’ and inserting ‘‘If an’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B). (e) R
EPEAL OF SEPARATE CONTRIBUTION  
AGREEMENT AUTHORITY .— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 211 of title 37, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
8432b(c)(2)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(including pursuant to an agreement under section 211(d) of title 37)’’. SEC. 632. MODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) R EGULAR SERVICE .—Section 1409(b) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) R EDUCED MULTIPLIER FOR FULL TSP MEM -
BERS.—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1), (2), 
and (3), in the case of a member who first be-comes a member of the uniformed services on or after October 1, 2017, or a member who makes the election described in subparagraph (B) (re-ferred to as a ‘full TSP member’)— 
‘‘(i) paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied by sub-
stituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’; 
‘‘(ii) clause (i) of paragraph (3)(B) shall be 
applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 per-cent’; and 
‘‘(iii) clause (ii)(I) of such paragraph shall be 
applied by substituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’. 
‘‘(B) E LECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MODERN -
IZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Pursuant to sub-
paragraph (C), a member of a uniformed service serving on September 30, 2017, may elect, in ex-change for the reduced multipliers described in subparagraph (A) for purposes of calculating the retired pay of the member, to receive Thrift Savings Plan matching contributions pursuant to section 8440e(e) of title 5. 
‘‘(C) E
LECTION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clauses (ii) and (iii), a member of a uniformed service may make the election authorized by subparagraph (B) only during the period that begins on January 1, 2018, and ends on Decem-ber 31, 2018. 
‘‘(ii) H
ARDSHIP EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
concerned may extend the election period de-scribed in clause (i) for a member who experi-ences a hardship as determined by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF BREAK IN SERVICE .—A mem-
ber of a uniformed service who returns to service after a break in service that occurs during the election period specified in clause (i) shall make the election described in subparagraph (B) with-in 30 days after the date of the reentry into service of the member. 
‘‘(D) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary concerned 
shall prescribe regulations to implement this paragraph.’’. 
(b) N
ON-REGULAR SERVICE .—Section 12739 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) R EDUCED MULTIPLIER FOR FULL TSP MEM -
BERS.—In the case of a person who first per-
forms reserve component service on or after Oc-tober 1, 2017, after not having performed regular or reserve component service on or before that date— 
‘‘(A) subsection (a)(2) shall be applied by sub-
stituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2percent’; 
‘‘(B) subparagraph (A) of subsection (c)(2) 
shall be applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
‘‘(C) subparagraph (B)(ii) of such subsection 
shall be applied by substituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2percent’. 
‘‘(2) R EGULATIONS .—The Secretary concerned 
shall prescribe regulations to implement this subsection.’’. 
(c) C
OORDINATING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER RE-
TIREMENT AUTHORITIES .— 
(1) D ISABILITY , WARRANT OFFICERS , AND 
DOPMA RETIRED PAY .— 
(A) C OMPUTATION OF RETIRED PAY .—The table 
in section 1401(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 1, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of service 
credited to him under section 1208’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 2, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of service 
credited to him under section 1208’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for 
the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(iii) in column 2 of each of formula number 4 
and formula number 5, by striking ‘‘section 1409(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1409’’. 
(B) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING MODERNIZED  
RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Section 1401a(b) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(ii) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) A DJUSTMENTS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN MOD -
ERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Notwithstanding 
paragraph (3), if a member or former member makes the election described in section 1409(b)(4) of this title, the Secretary shall increase the re-tired pay of such member in accordance with paragraph (2).’’. 
(2) 15-
YEAR CAREER STATUS BONUS .—Section 
354 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking ‘‘If a’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) If a’’; 
and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) If a person who is paid a bonus under 
this section subsequently makes an election de-scribed in section 1409(b)(4) of title 10, the per-son shall repay any bonus payments received under this section in the same manner as repay-ments are made under section 373 of this title.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) S
UNSET AND CONTINUATION OF PAY-
MENTS .—(1) A Secretary concerned may not pay 
a new bonus under this section after September 30, 2017. 
‘‘(2) Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Secretary 
concerned may continue to make payments for bonuses that were awarded under this section on or before the date specified in paragraph (1).’’. 
(3) A
PPLICATION TO NATIONAL OCEANIC AND  
ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION COMMISSIONED  
CORPS .—Paragraph (2) of section 245(a) of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3045(a)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the retired pay multiplier determined 
under section 1409 of such title for the number of years of service that may be credited to the officer under section 1405 of such title as if the officer’s service were service as a member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
(4) A
PPLICATION TO PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE .— 
Section 211(a)(4) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 212(a)(4)) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘at the rate of 2 
1⁄2per centum of the 
basic pay of the highest grade held by him as such officer’’ and inserting ‘‘calculated by mul-tiplying the retired pay base determined under section 1406 of title 10, United States Code, by the retired pay multiplier determined under sec-tion 1409 of such title for the numbers of years of service credited to the officer under this para-graph’’; and 
(B) in the matter following subparagraph 
(B)(iii)— 
(i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘such 
pay, and’’ and inserting ‘‘such pay,’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘such 
basic pay.’’ and inserting ‘‘such basic pay, and (E) in the case of any officer who makes the election described in section 1409(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, subparagraph (C) shall be applied by substituting ‘40 per centum’ for ‘50 per centum’ each place the term appears.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING DELAY IN COST-OF-LIVING  
AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) D ELAY.—The amendments made by section 
403(a) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1186), as amended by section 10001 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2014 (division C of Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 151) and section 2 of Pub-lic Law 113–82 (128 Stat. 1009), shall take effect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3031 May 14, 2015 
on October 1, 2017, rather than December 1, 
2015. 
(2) C OVERED MEMBERS .—Subparagraph (G) of 
section 1401a(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, which shall take effect October 1, 2017, pursuant paragraph (1) and section 403(a) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1186), section 10001 of the De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2014 (division C of Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 151) and section 2 of Public Law 113–82 (128 Stat. 1009), is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Effective on the 
date of the enactment of this Act, section 623 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3403) is repealed. 
SEC. 633. CONTINUATION PAY FOR FULL TSP 
MEMBERS WITH 12 YEARS OF SERV-ICE. 
(a) C ONTINUATION PAY.—Subchapter II of 
chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 356. Continuation pay: full TSP members 
with 12 years of service 
‘‘(a) C
ONTINUATION PAY.—The Secretary con-
cerned shall make a payment of continuation pay to each full TSP member (as defined in sec-tion 8440e(a) of title 5) of the uniformed services under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who— 
‘‘(1) completes 12 years of service; and ‘‘(2) enters into an agreement with the Sec-
retary to serve for an additional 4 years of obli-gated service. 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of continuation 
pay payable to a full TSP member under sub-section (a) shall be the amount that is equal to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a member of a regular com-
ponent— 
‘‘(A) the monthly basic pay of the member at 
12 years of service multiplied by 2.5; plus 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the monthly basic pay of the member at 12 years of service multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 13 months) as the Sec-retary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a member of a reserve com-
ponent— 
‘‘(A) the amount of monthly basic pay to 
which the member would be entitled at 12 years of service if the member were a member of a reg-ular component multiplied by 0.5; plus 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the amount of monthly basic pay de-scribed in subparagraph (A) multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 6 months) as the Secretary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL DISCRETIONARY AUTHOR -
ITY.—In addition to the continuation pay re-
quired under subsection (a), the Secretary con-cerned may provide pay continuation pay under this subsection to a full TSP member described in subsection (a), and subject to the service agreement referred to in paragraph (2) of such subsection, in an amount determined by the Sec-retary concerned. 
‘‘(d) T
IMING OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary 
concerned shall pay continuation pay under subsection (a) to a full TSP member when the member completes 12 years of service. If the Sec-retary concerned also provides continuation pay under subsection (c) to the member, that con-tinuation pay shall be provided when the mem-ber completes 12 years of service. 
‘‘(e) L
UMP SUM OR INSTALLMENTS .—A full 
TSP member may elect to receive continuation pay provided under subsection (a) or (c) in a lump sum or in a series of not more than four payments. 
‘‘(f) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PAY AND ALLOW -
ANCES .—Continuation pay under this section is 
in addition to any other pay or allowance to which the full TSP member is entitled. ‘‘(g) R
EPAYMENT .—A full TSP member who re-
ceives continuation pay under this section (a) and fails to complete the obligated service re-quired under such subsection shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 373 of this title. 
‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-
cerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘356. Continuation pay: full TSP members 
with 12 years of service.’’. 
SEC. 634. EFFECTIVE DATE AND IMPLEMENTA-
TION. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Except as provided in 
section 632(d)(3), the amendments made by this subtitle shall take effect on October 1, 2017. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, the Secretaries concerned shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report containing a plan to ensure the full and effective commencement of the imple-mentation of the amendments made by this sec-tion on the date specified in subsection (a). The Secretaries concerned, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, and the Federal Re-tirement Thrift Investment Board shall take ap-propriate actions to ensure the full and effective implementation of the amendments. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall contain a draft of such legisla-tion as may be necessary to make any addi-tional technical and conforming changes to ti-tles 10 and 37, United States Code, and other provisions of law that are required or should be made by reason of the amendments made by this subtitle. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 101 of title 37, United States Code. 
Subtitle D—Commissary and Non-
appropriated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
SEC. 641. PRESERVING ASSURED COMMISSARY 
SUPPLY TO ASIA AND THE PACIFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that there are no changes to the second destination transportation policy that currently applies to fresh fruit and vegetable supplies for commissaries in Asia and the Pacific until the Defense Commissary Agency conducts and submits to Congress a comprehensive study on fresh fruit and vegetable supply for the re-gion. 
(b) E
LEMENTS OF STUDY .—The study required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, for Japan, South Korea, Okinawa, and Guam— 
(1) an item-by-item review of the price, qual-
ity, and availability of fresh fruits and vegeta-bles under both local sourcing models and sec-ond destination models, including an updated market survey of fresh fruits and vegetables in each location; 
(2) an item-by-item review of fresh fruits and 
vegetables to determine the most cost-effective way to supply each item in each location year- round without increasing prices to commissary consumers; and 
(3) a comprehensive review of supply models 
that would lower costs to the Defense Working Capital Fund, DECA, without increasing prices 
for commissary patrons. 
SEC. 642. PROHIBITION ON REPLACEMENT OR 
CONSOLIDATION OF DEFENSE COM-MISSARY AND EXCHANGE SYSTEMS PENDING SUBMISSION OF REQUIRED REPORT ON DEFENSE COMMISSARY SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall take no action 
to replace or consolidate the defense commissary and exchange systems, including through the establishment of a new defense resale system, before submission of the report on the defense commissary system required by section 634 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 651. IMPROVEMENT OF FINANCIAL LIT-
ERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON FINANCIAL LIT-
ERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS .—It is 
the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense should strengthen 
arrangements with other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government and nonprofit organizations in order to improve the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces; and 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 
the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps should provide support for the financial literacy and preparedness training carried out under section 992 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsections (b), (c), and (d). 
(b) P
ROVISION OF FINANCIAL LITERACY AND  
PREPAREDNESS TRAINING .—Subsection (a) of sec-
tion 992 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ONSUMER EDUCATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘F INAN-
CIALLITERACY TRAINING ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘education’’ 
in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘financial literacy training’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Training under this subsection shall be 
provided to a member of the armed forces— 
‘‘(A) as a component of the initial entry train-
ing of the member; 
‘‘(B) upon arrival at the first duty station of 
the member; 
‘‘(C) upon arrival at each subsequent duty 
station, in the case of a member in pay grade E– 4 or below or in pay grade O–3 or below; 
‘‘(D) on the date of promotion of the member, 
in the case of a member in pay grade E–5 or below or in pay grade O–4 or below; 
‘‘(E) when the member vests in the Thrift Sav-
ings Plan (TSP) under section 8432(g)(2)(C) of title 5; 
‘‘(F) when the member becomes entitled to re-
ceive continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, at which time the training shall include, at a minimum, information on options available to the member regarding the use of continuation pay; 
‘‘(G) at each major life event during the serv-
ice of the member, such as— 
‘‘(i) marriage; ‘‘(ii) divorce; ‘‘(iii) birth of first child; or ‘‘(iv) disabling sickness or condition; ‘‘(H) during leadership training; ‘‘(I) during pre-deployment training and dur-
ing post-deployment training; 
‘‘(J) at transition points in the service of the 
member, such as— 
‘‘(i) transition from a regular component to a 
reserve component; 
‘‘(ii) separation from service; or ‘‘(iii) retirement; and ‘‘(K) as a component of periodically recurring 
required training that is provided to the member at a military installation.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3032 May 14, 2015 
(4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(J)’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary concerned shall prescribe 
regulations setting forth any other events and circumstances (in addition to the events and cir-cumstances described in paragraph (2)) upon which the training required by this subsection will be provided.’’. 
(c) S
URVEY OF MEMBERS ’ FINANCIAL LITERACY  
AND PREPAREDNESS .—Section 992 of title 10, 
United States Code, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) F INANCIAL LITERACY AND PREPAREDNESS  
SURVEY .—(1) The Director of the Defense Man-
power Data Center shall annually include in the status of forces survey a survey of the status of the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The results of the annual financial lit-
eracy and preparedness survey— 
‘‘(A) shall be used by each of the Secretaries 
concerned as a benchmark to evaluate and up-date training provided under this section; and 
‘‘(B) shall be submitted to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
(d) F
INANCIAL SERVICES DEFINED .—Subsection 
(e) of section 992 of title 10, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (c)(1) of this sec-tion, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) Health insurance, budget management, 
Thrift Savings Plan (TSP), retirement lump sum payments (including rollover options and tax consequences), and Survivor Benefit Plan (SBP) .’’. 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
992 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 992. Financial literacy training: financial 
services’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 50 of such title is amended by striking the item related to section 992 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘992. Financial literacy training: financial 
services.’’. 
(f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than six 
months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall commence providing financial literacy training under section 992 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsections (b), (c), and (d) of this section, to members of the Armed Forces. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
SEC. 701. JOINT UNIFORM FORMULARY FOR 
TRANSITION OF CARE. 
(a) J OINT FORMULARY .—Not later than June 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly establish a joint uniform formulary for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and the Department of Defense with respect to pharmaceutical agents that are critical for the transition of an individual from receiving treatment furnished by the Secretary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
(b) S
ELECTION .—The Secretaries shall select 
for inclusion on the joint uniform formulary es-tablished under subsection (a) pharmaceutical agents relating to— 
(1) the control of pain, sleep disorders, and 
psychiatric conditions, including post-traumatic stress disorder; and 
(2) any other conditions determined appro-
priate by the Secretaries. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2016, the 
Secretaries shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the joint uniform formulary established under sub-section (a), including a list of the pharma-ceutical agents selected for inclusion on the for-mulary. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘pharmaceutical agent’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 1074g(g) of title 10, United States Code. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1074g(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘With respect to members of the uniformed services, such uniform formulary shall include pharmaceutical agents on the joint uniform formulary established under section 701 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 702. ACCESS TO BROAD RANGE OF METHODS 
OF CONTRACEPTION APPROVED BY THE FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRA-TION FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND MILITARY DEPEND-ENTS AT MILITARY TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Commencing not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that every military medical treatment facility has a sufficient stock of a broad range of methods of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration to be able to dispense any such method of contraception to any women members of the Armed Forces and female covered bene-ficiaries who receive care through such facility. 
(b) C
OVERED BENEFICIARY DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 703. ACCESS TO CONTRACEPTIVE METHOD 
FOR DURATION OF DEPLOYMENT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that, 
whenever possible, a female member of the Armed Forces who uses prescription contracep-tion on a long-term basis should be given prior to deployment a sufficient supply of the pre-scription contraceptive for the duration of the deployment. 
SEC. 704. ACCESS TO INFERTILITY TREATMENT 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPENDENTS. 
(a) A CCESS .—Pursuant to the findings con-
tained in the report required by section 729 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retaries of the military departments, shall pro-vide to members of the Armed Forces and de-pendents of members of the Armed Forces access to reproductive counseling and treatments for infertility. 
(b) C
ONTINUITY OF SERVICES .—In carrying out 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that members and dependents are provided con-tinuity of services as appropriate if treatments for infertility are disrupted, including pursuant to a change of duty station. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. UNIFIED MEDICAL COMMAND. 
(a) U NIFIED COMBATANT COMMAND .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 6 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 167a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 167b. Unified combatant command for med-
ical operations 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—With the advice and 
assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President, through the Secretary of Defense, shall establish under section 161 of this title a unified command for medical operations (in this section referred to as the ‘unified med-
ical command’). The principal function of the command is to provide medical services to the armed forces and other health care beneficiaries of the Department of Defense as defined in chapter 55 of this title. 
‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF FORCES .—In establishing 
the unified medical command under subsection (a), all active military medical treatment facili-ties, training organizations, and research enti-ties of the armed forces shall be assigned to such unified command, unless otherwise directed by the Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(c) G
RADE OF COMMANDER .—The commander 
of the unified medical command shall hold the grade of general or, in the case of an officer of the Navy, admiral while serving in that posi-tion, without vacating his permanent grade. The commander of such command shall be ap-pointed to that grade by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for service in that position. The commander of such command shall be a member of a health profes-sion described in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), or (6) of section 335(j) of title 37. During the five-year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary establishes the command under subsection (a), the commander of such command shall be exempt from the requirements of section 164(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(d) S
UBORDINATE COMMANDS .—(1) The uni-
fied medical command shall have the following subordinate commands: 
‘‘(A) A command that includes all fixed mili-
tary medical treatment facilities, including ele-ments of the Department of Defense that are combined, operated jointly, or otherwise oper-ated in such a manner that a medical facility of the Department of Defense is operating in or with a medical facility of another department or agency of the United States. 
‘‘(B) A command that includes all medical 
training, education, and research and develop-ment activities that have previously been uni-fied or combined, including organizations that have been designated as a Department of De-fense executive agent. 
‘‘(C) The Defense Health Agency. ‘‘(2) The commander of a subordinate com-
mand of the unified medical command shall hold the grade of lieutenant general or, in the case of an officer of the Navy, vice admiral while serv-ing in that position, without vacating his per-manent grade. The commander of such a subor-dinate command shall be appointed to that grade by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for service in that position. The commander of such a subordinate command shall also be required to be a surgeon general of one of the military departments. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORITY OF COMBATANT COM-
MANDER .—(1) In addition to the authority pre-
scribed in section 164(c) of this title, the com-mander of the unified medical command shall be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, all affairs of such command relating to medical operations activities. 
‘‘(2) The commander of such command shall 
be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, the following functions relating to medical operations activities (whether or not re-lating to the unified medical command): 
‘‘(A) Developing programs and doctrine. ‘‘(B) Preparing and submitting to the Sec-
retary of Defense program recommendations and budget proposals for the forces described in sub-section (b) and for other forces assigned to the unified medical command. 
‘‘(C) Exercising authority, direction, and con-
trol over the expenditure of funds— 
‘‘(i) for forces assigned to the unified medical 
command; 
‘‘(ii) for the forces described in subsection (b) 
assigned to unified combatant commands other than the unified medical command to the extent directed by the Secretary of Defense; and 
‘‘(iii) for military construction funds of the 
Defense Health Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3033 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(D) Training assigned forces. 
‘‘(E) Conducting specialized courses of in-
struction for commissioned and noncommis-sioned officers. 
‘‘(F) Validating requirements. ‘‘(G) Establishing priorities for requirements. ‘‘(H) Ensuring the interoperability of equip-
ment and forces. 
‘‘(I) Monitoring the promotions, assignments, 
retention, training, and professional military education of medical officers described in para-graph (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), or (6) of section 335(j) of title 37. 
‘‘(3) The commander of such command shall 
be responsible for the Defense Health Program, including the Defense Health Program Account established under section 1100 of this title. 
‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—In establishing the uni-
fied medical command under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations for the activities of the unified medical com-mand.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 167a the following new item: 
‘‘167b. Unified combatant command for med-
ical operations.’’. 
(b) P
LAN, NOTIFICATION , ANDREPORT .— 
(1) P LAN.—Not later than July 1, 2016, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a comprehensive plan to establish the unified medical command au-thorized under section 167b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), includ-ing any legislative actions the Secretary con-siders necessary to implement the plan. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees written notification of the time line of the Secretary to establish the unified medical command under such section 167b by not later than the date that is 30 days before establishing such command. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
submitting the notification under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the establishment of the unified medical command. 
SEC. 712. LICENSURE OF MENTAL HEALTH PRO-
FESSIONALS IN TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that a qualified mental health pro-fessional described in subsection (b) is eligible for reimbursement under the TRICARE program as a TRICARE certified mental health coun-selor. 
(b) Q
UALIFIED MENTAL HEALTH CAREPROFES -
SIONAL DESCRIBED .—A qualified mental health 
care professional described in this subsection is an individual who— 
(1) holds a masters degree or doctoral degree 
in counseling from a mental health counseling program or clinical mental health counseling program that is accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Edu-cational Programs; 
(2) is licensed by a State in mental health 
counseling at the clinical level or, with respect to a State that has a tiered licensing scheme, at the highest level available; and 
(3) has passed the National Clinical Mental 
Health Counseling Examination. 
(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN PRACTICING  
PROFESSIONALS .—During the period preceding 
January 1, 2027, for purposes of subsection (a), an individual who meets the following criteria is deemed to be a qualified mental health care pro-fessional described in subsection (b): 
(1) The individual holds a masters degree or 
doctoral degree in counseling from a program that is accredited by a covered institution. 
(2) The individual has been licensed by a 
State as a mental health counselor for a period of not less than five years. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered institution’’ means any 
of the following: 
(A) The Accrediting Commission for Commu-
nity and Junior Colleges Western Association of Schools and Colleges (ACCJC-WASC). (B) The Higher Learning Commission (HLC). 
(C) The Middle States Commission on Higher 
Education (MSCHE). 
(D) The New England Association of Schools 
and Colleges Commission on Institutions of Higher Education (NEASC-CIHE). 
(E) The Southern Association of Colleges and 
Schools (SACS) Commission on Colleges. 
(F) The WASC Senior College and University 
Commission (WASC-SCUC). 
(G) The Accrediting Bureau of Health Edu-
cation Schools (ABHES). 
(H) The Accrediting Commission of Career 
Schools and Colleges (ACCSC). 
(I) The Accrediting Council for Independent 
Colleges and Schools (ACICS). 
(J) The Distance Education Accreditation 
Commission (DEAC). 
(2) The term ‘‘State’’ includes the District of 
Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and each possession of the United States. 
(3) The term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 713. REPORTS ON PROPOSED REALIGN-
MENTS OF MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILITIES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON REALIGNMENT .—Chapter 55 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 1073b the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘§ 1073c. Reports on proposed realignments of 
military medical treatment facilities 
‘‘(a) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not restructure or realign a military med-ical treatment facility until— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary submits to the congressional 
defense committees a report on such proposed restructuring or realignment; and 
‘‘(2) a period of 90 days has elapsed following 
the date of such submission. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-
section (a)(1) shall include, with respect to the military medical treatment facility covered by the report, the following: 
‘‘(1) The average daily inpatient census. ‘‘(2) The average inpatient capacity. ‘‘(3) The top five inpatient admission diag-
noses. 
‘‘(4) Each medical specialty available. ‘‘(5) The average daily percent of staffing 
available for each medical specialty. 
‘‘(6) The beneficiary population within the 
catchment area. 
‘‘(7) The budgeted funding level. ‘‘(8) Whether the facility has a helipad capa-
ble of receiving medical evacuation airlift pa-tients arriving on the primary evacuation air-craft platform for the military installation served. 
‘‘(9) A determination of whether the civilian 
hospital system in which the facility resides, if any, is a Federally-designated underserved med-ical community and the effect on such commu-nity from any reduction in staff or functions or downgrade of the facility. 
‘‘(10) If the facility serves a training center— ‘‘(A) a determination of the risk with respect 
to high-tempo, live-fire military operations, treating battlefield-like injuries, and the poten-tial for a mass casualty event if the facility is downgraded to a clinic or reduced in personnel or capabilities; and 
‘‘(B) a description of the extent to which the 
Secretary, in making such determination, con-sulted with the appropriate training directorate, training and doctrine command, and forces com-mand of each military department. 
‘‘(11) A site assessment by the TRICARE pro-
gram to assess the network capabilities of TRICARE providers in the local area. 
‘‘(12) The inpatient mental health avail-
ability. 
‘‘(13) The average annual inpatient care di-
rected to civilian medical facilities. 
‘‘(14) The civilian capacity by medical spe-
cialty in each catchment area. ‘‘(15) The distance in miles to the nearest ci-
vilian emergency care department. 
‘‘(16) The distance in miles to the closest civil-
ian inpatient hospital, listed by level of care and whether the facility is designated a sole community hospital. 
‘‘(17) The availability of ambulance service on 
the military installation and the distance in miles to the nearest civilian ambulance service, including the average response time to the mili-tary installation. 
‘‘(18) An estimate of the cost to restructure or 
realign the military medical treatment facility, including with respect to bed closures and civil-ian personnel reductions. 
‘‘(19) If the military medical treatment facility 
is restructured or realigned, an estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of civilian personnel reduc-
tions, listed by series; 
‘‘(B) the number of local support contracts 
terminated; and 
‘‘(C) the increased cost of purchased care. ‘‘(20) An assessment of the effect of the elimi-
nation of health care services at the military medical treatment facility on civilians employed at such facility.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1073b the following new item: 
‘‘1073c. Reports on proposed realignments of 
military medical treatment facilities.’’. 
SEC. 714. PILOT PROGRAM FOR OPERATION OF 
NETWORK OF RETAIL PHARMACIES UNDER TRICARE PHARMACY BENE-FITS PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH PILOT PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary of Defense may conduct a 
pilot program to evaluate whether, in carrying out the TRICARE pharmacy benefits program under section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, operating a network of preferred retail pharmacies will generate cost savings for the Department of Defense. 
(b) E
LEMENTS OF PILOT PROGRAM .—In con-
ducting the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) incorporate ‘‘best practices’’ to enhance 
patient access from non-TRICARE health plans that are using a preferred retail network of pharmacies along with the mail-order pharmacy program of the plans and preferred pharmacy networks in Medicare Part D; 
(2) allow beneficiaries to obtain prescription 
medication that is available through the TRICARE pharmacy benefits program, includ-ing maintenance medication, through the net-work of preferred retail pharmacies and the na-tional mail-order pharmacy program under sec-tion 1074g(a)(2)(E)(iii) of title 10 United States Code; 
(3) allow retail pharmacies participating in 
the network of preferred retail pharmacies to purchase prescription medication for bene-ficiaries at rates available to the Federal gov-ernment pursuant to section 1074g(f) of title 10, United States Code; 
(4) ensure that retail pharmacies participating 
in the network of preferred retail pharmacies shall be comprised of small business pharmacies at a rate no lower than the current TRICARE pharmacy program participation rate; 
(5) study the potential, viability, cost effi-
ciency, and health care effectiveness of the TRICARE pharmacy benefits program admin-istering prescription medication through a net-work of preferred retail pharmacies in addition to the methods available pursuant to section 1074g(a)(2)(E) of title 10, United States Code; and 
(6) determine the opportunities for and bar-
riers to coordinating and leveraging the use of a network of preferred retail pharmacies in addi-tion to such methods available pursuant to such section 1074g(a)(2)(E). 
(c) S
ELECTION OF RETAIL PHARMACIES .—The 
Secretary shall select the retail pharmacies to participate in the preferred network of preferred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3034 May 14, 2015 
retail pharmacies pursuant to subsection (a). In 
making such selection the Secretary may— 
(1) require that retail pharmacies opt-in to the 
network and agree to the reimbursement rates paid by the Secretary; 
(2) determine specific criteria for each retail 
pharmacy to meet or that a certain number of retail pharmacies must meet; 
(3) use a competitive process; and (4) require the preferred pharmacy network to 
comply with the existing TRICARE retail phar-macy access standards. 
(d) S
ELECTION OF MILITARY COMMUNITIES .— 
In carrying out the pilot program under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall select at least one region in which to carry out the pilot pro-gram. The Secretary shall ensure that any re-gion selected meets the following criteria: 
(1) The region has a certain number or per-
centage, as determined by the Secretary, of— 
(A) members of the Armed Forces serving on 
active duty; 
(B) members of the Armed Forces serving in a 
reserve component; and 
(C) retired members of the Armed Forces. (2) The number of beneficiaries under para-
graph (1) is sufficient to produce statistically significant results. 
(3) The region has at least one retail phar-
macy that operates at least 10 pharmacy loca-tions in the region. 
(4) The region has at least one military instal-
lation that has a military medical treatment fa-cility with a pharmacy. 
(e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall de-
velop the pilot program under subsection (a) in consultation with— 
(1) the Secretaries of the military departments; (2) representatives from the military installa-
tions within the region selected under sub-section (d); and 
(3) the TRICARE-managed pharmacy con-
tractor with responsibility for the national pharmacy mail-order program. 
(f) D
URATION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—If the Sec-
retary of Defense carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall com-mence such pilot program by not later than May 1, 2016, and shall terminate such program on September 30, 2018. 
(g) R
EPORTS .—If the Secretary of Defense car-
ries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees reports on the pilot program as follows: 
(1) Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, a report containing an implementation plan for the pilot program. 
(2) Not later than 90 days after the date on 
which the pilot program commences, and semi-annually thereafter during the period in which the pilot program is carried out, an interim re-port on the pilot program. 
(3) Not later than 90 days after the date on 
which the pilot program terminates, a final re-port describing the results of the pilot program, including any recommendations of the Secretary to expand such program. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 721. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR DOD-VA 
HEALTH CARE SHARING INCENTIVE FUND. 
Section 8111(d)(3) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 722. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291;128 Stat. 3417), is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
SEC. 800. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DESIRED 
TENETS OF THE DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives held a series of hear-ings in 2013, 2014, and 2015 gathering testimony from key acquisition leaders and experts. It is clear that the acquisition reform efforts of the last 50 years continue to founder because they fail to address the motivational and environ-mental factors in which they must be imple-mented. The acquisition system, though frus-trating to all, is in one sense in equilibrium. The acquisition system provides enough benefits to proponents and opponents to continue, with only minor changes, despite its shortcomings. 
(2) The Armed Forces continue to pursue too 
many defense acquisitions, chasing too few dol-lars. Consequently, there remains a vast dif-ference between the budgeting plans of the De-partment and the reality of the cost of its sys-tems or the services it acquires. 
(3) To keep programs alive, the Department 
develops and Congress accepts fragile acquisi-tion strategies that downplay technical issues and assume only successful outcomes from high- risk efforts. As a result, the Department often ends up with too few weapons, with perform-ance that falls short, that are difficult and cost-ly to maintain, delivered late at too high a cost. Congressional and Department of Defense lead-ership have limited insight into the services ac-quired or what services need to be acquired in the future. Furthermore, the conventional ac-quisition process is not agile enough for today’s demands. Finally, the Department of Defense continues to struggle with financial manage-ment and auditability, affecting its ability to control costs, ensure basic accountability, an-ticipate future costs and claims on the budget, and measure performance. 
(4) Too often today, all stakeholders in the 
Department of Defense, Congress, and industry, accept that— 
(A) for the acquisition process, success is de-
fined as maximizing technical performance or protecting organizational interests, without re-gard to funding disruptions and delivery delays of needed capability or services to the warfighter; and 
(B) the acquisition process is— (i) reactive, meaning issues are addressed late 
and at great cost only after problems are real-ized; 
(ii) plodding, meaning the bureaucratic proc-
esses are sclerotic and cumbersome; 
(iii) opaque, meaning that limiting informa-
tion is necessary to protect programs; and 
(iv) traditional, meaning that customary ap-
proaches and suppliers are preferred over per-ceived risk of new or unique concepts and ven-dors. 
(5) Today, the United States is at a cross- 
roads, and if changes to the acquisition system are not made soon, the trend of fewer and more costly systems and services that fall short of the needs of the Armed Forces will continue. Con-gress, the Department of Defense, and industry all have a stake in making positive changes. Each plays a role in contributing to the current system. Each gains benefits from that system, but each is frustrated by it as well. 
(6) The acquisition improvement effort of the 
Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives proposes a different approach from previous efforts by seeking to improve the environment (i.e., statutes, regulations, proc-esses, and culture) driving acquisition decisions in the Department of Defense, industry, and Congress. The Committee has solicited input from industry and the Department of Defense, as well as others in Congress, and will continue to do so. The Committee recognizes that there are no ‘‘silver bullets’’ that can immediately fix the current acquisition system in a holistic and 
long-standing manner. Therefore, the reform ef-fort will be an ongoing and iterative process that will result in legislation not only this year, but will be embedded in the Committee’s annual and regular work. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE TENETS OF AN  
IMPROVED ACQUISITION SYSTEM .—It is the sense 
of Congress that all stakeholders in the acquisi-tion system—the Department of Defense, Con-gress, and industry—should be governed by the following tenets: 
(1) S
UCCESS .—Success in the acquisition sys-
tem means the timely delivery of affordable and effective military equipment and services. 
(2) P
ROACTIVE .—The acquisition system 
should be proactive, meaning— 
(A) the system should recognize that develop-
ment and acquisition problems can occur; and 
(B) officials at all levels should be empowered 
to solve problems and reduce risks by surfacing issues early and honestly and taking action to resolve them. 
(3) A
GILE.—The acquisition system should be 
agile, meaning that needed program adjustments to both respond to emerging threats and the rapid pace of technological change and to ad-dress development or production issues should be proposed and adjudicated quickly. 
(4) T
RANSPARENT .—The acquisition system 
should be transparent, meaning that— 
(A) all decision makers should be given useful, 
relevant, credible, and reliable information when making commitments; 
(B) Government and industry communication 
should be clear and open; and 
(C) the Department of Defense should produce 
auditable financial management statements. 
(5) I
NNOVATIVE .—The acquisition system 
should be innovative, meaning that barriers should be removed that preclude companies from undertaking defense business or officials from proposing new approaches. 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
SEC. 801. REPORT ON LINKING AND STREAM-
LINING REQUIREMENTS, ACQUISI-TION, AND BUDGET PROCESSES WITHIN ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts to link and streamline the re-quirements, acquisition, and budget processes within the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—Each report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A specific description of— (A) the management actions the Chief con-
cerned or the Commandant has taken or plans to take to link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes of the Armed Force concerned; 
(B) any reorganization or process changes 
that will link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes of the Armed Force concerned; and 
(C) any cross-training or professional develop-
ment initiatives of the Chief concerned or the Commandant. 
(2) For each description under paragraph 
(1)— 
(A) the specific timeline associated with imple-
mentation; 
(B) the anticipated outcomes once imple-
mented; and 
(C) how to measure whether or not those out-
comes are realized. 
(3) Any other matters the Chief concerned or 
the Commandant considers appropriate. 
SEC. 802. REQUIRED REVIEW OF ACQUISITION-RE-
LATED FUNCTIONS OF THE CHIEFS OF STAFF OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Chief of Staff of 
the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3035 May 14, 2015 
Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Com-
mandant of the Marine Corps shall conduct a review of their current individual authorities provided in sections 3033, 5033, 8033, and 5043 of title 10, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regulations related to defense ac-quisitions for the purpose of developing such recommendations as the Chief concerned or the Commandant considers necessary to further or advance the role of the Chief concerned or the Commandant in the development of require-ments, acquisition processes, and the associated budget practices of the Department of Defense. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report containing, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) The recommendations developed by the 
Chief concerned or the Commandant under sub-section (a) and other results of the review con-ducted under such subsection. 
(2) The actions the Chief concerned or the 
Commandant is taking, if any, within the Chief’s or Commandant’s existing authority to implement such recommendations. 
SEC. 803. INDEPENDENT STUDY OF MATTERS RE-
LATED TO BID PROTESTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STUDY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent research entity that is a not-for-profit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability to carry out a comprehensive study of factors leading to the filing of bid protests. The study shall examine issues such as the following: 
(1) The variable influences on the net benefit 
(monetary and non-monetary) to contractors ei-ther filing a protest or indicating intent to file a protest. 
(2) The extent to which protests are filed by 
incumbent contractors for purposes of extending a contract’s period of performance. 
(3) The extent to which companies file protests 
even when those companies do not believe there was an error in the procurement process. 
(4) The time it takes agencies to implement 
corrective actions after a ruling or decision. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the inde-pendent entity shall provide to the Secretary and the congressional defense committees a re-port on the results of the study, along with any recommendations it may have. 
SEC. 804. PROCUREMENT OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) C OMMERCIAL ITEM DETERMINATIONS BY  
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 140 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2380. Commercial item determinations by 
Department of Defense 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall— 
‘‘(1) establish and maintain a centralized ca-
pability with necessary expertise and resources to oversee the making of commercial item deter-minations for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense; and 
‘‘(2) provide public access to Department of 
Defense commercial item determinations for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘2380. Commercial item determinations by De-
partment of Defense.’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL ITEMEXCEPTION TO SUBMIS -
SION OF COST AND PRICING DATA.—Section 
2306a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL ITEM DETERMINATION .—(A) 
For purposes of applying the commercial item exception under paragraph (1)(B) to the re-
quired submission of certified cost or pricing data, the contracting officer may presume that a prior commercial item determination made by a military department, a Defense Agency, or an-other component of the Department of Defense shall serve as a determination for subsequent procurements of such item. 
‘‘(B) If the contracting officer does not make 
the presumption described in subparagraph (A) and instead chooses to proceed with a procure-ment of an item previously determined to be a commercial item using procedures other than the procedures authorized for the procurement of a commercial item, the contracting officer shall re-quest a review of the commercial item determina-tion by the head of the contracting activity. 
‘‘(C) Not later than 30 days after receiving a 
request for review of a commercial item deter-mination under subparagraph (B), the head of a contracting activity shall— 
‘‘(i) confirm that the prior determination was 
appropriate and still applicable; or 
‘‘(ii) issue a revised determination with a writ-
ten explanation of the basis for the revision.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEM.—Noth-
ing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall affect the meaning of the term ‘‘commercial item’’ under subsection (a)(5) of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, or any requirement under subsection (c) of such section. 
SEC. 805. MODIFICATION TO INFORMATION RE-
QUIRED TO BE SUBMITTED BY OF-FEROR IN PROCUREMENT OF MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS AS COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR DETERMINATION .—Sub-
section (a) of section 2379 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘; and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2). 
(b) T
REATMENT OF SUBSYSTEMS AS COMMER -
CIAL ITEMS.—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘only if’’ and inserting ‘‘if either’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘the subsystem is a’’ and inserting ‘‘that the subsystem is a’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (B). (c) T
REATMENT OF COMPONENTS AS COMMER -
CIAL ITEMS.—Subsection (c)(1) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘title only if’’ and inserting 
‘‘title if either’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘the component or’’ and inserting ‘‘that the component or’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(C) by striking clause (ii). (d) I
NFORMATION SUBMITTED .—Subsection (d) 
of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘submit—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘prices paid’’ and inserting ‘‘submit prices paid’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; 
and 
(3) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 806. AMENDMENT RELATING TO MULTIYEAR 
CONTRACT AUTHORITY FOR ACQUI-SITION OF PROPERTY. 
Paragraph (1) of section 2306b(a) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1) That there is a reasonable expectation 
that the use of such a contract will result in lower total anticipated costs of carrying out the program than if the program were carried out through annual contracts.’’. SEC. 807. COMPLIANCE WITH INVENTORY OF CON-
TRACTS FOR SERVICES. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the operation of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, not more than 75 percent may be ob-ligated or expended in fiscal year 2016 until— 
(1) the ‘‘Department of Defense Compliance 
Plan for Section 8108(c) of Public Law 112–10’’, as contained in a memorandum and enclosure dated November 22, 2011, is implemented; 
(2) the implementing direction contained in 
the ‘‘Enterprise-wide Contractor Manpower Re-porting Application’’, as contained in a memo-randum dated November 28, 2012, from the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the (then) Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness is fulfilled; and 
(3) the funds made available in March 2014 to 
establish the Total Force Management Support Office to define business processes for compiling, reviewing, and using the inventory required under section 2330a(c) of title 10, United States Code, have been obligated. 
Subtitle B—Workforce Development and 
Related Matters 
SEC. 811. AMENDMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND. 
(a) P ERMANENT EXTENSION OF FUND.—Section 
1705(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘of an 
amount as follows:’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘of an amount of not less than $500,000,000.’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘an 
amount that is less than’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘an amount that is less than $400,000,000.’’. 
(b) P
ERMANENT EXTENSION OF EXPEDITED HIR-
INGAUTHORITY .—Section 1705(g) of such title is 
amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘A
UTHORITY .—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘For purposes of’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘A
UTHORITY .—For purposes 
of’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; and (5) by aligning paragraphs (1) and (2), as des-
ignated by paragraphs (3) and (4), so as to be two ems from the left margin. 
(c) C
LARIFICATION OF ACQUISITION WORK-
FORCE COVERED .—Section 1705(g) of such title, 
as amended by subsection (c), is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘acquisition workforce positions’’ and inserting ‘‘of positions in the acquisition workforce, as defined in subsection (h),’’. 
SEC. 812. DUAL-TRACK MILITARY PROFESSIONALS 
IN OPERATIONAL AND ACQUISITION SPECIALITIES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR SERVICE CHIEF IN-
VOLVEMENT .—Section 1722a(a) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘mili-tary department)’’ the following: ‘‘, in collabo-ration with the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps (with respect to the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively),’’. 
(b) D
UAL-TRACK CAREER PATH.—Section 
1722a(b) of such title is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘single- 
track’’ before ‘‘career path’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A dual-track career path that attracts the 
highest quality officers and enlisted personnel and allows them to gain experience in and re-ceive credit for a primary career in combat arms and a functional secondary career in the acqui-sition field in order to more closely align the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3036 May 14, 2015 
military operational, requirements, and acquisi-
tion workforces of each armed force.’’. 
SEC. 813. PROVISION OF JOINT DUTY ASSIGN-
MENT CREDIT FOR ACQUISITION DUTY. 
Section 668(a)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (D); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of sub-
paragraph (E) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) acquisition matters addressed by military 
personnel and covered under chapter 87 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 814. REQUIREMENT FOR ACQUISITION 
SKILLS ASSESSMENT BIENNIAL STRATEGIC WORKFORCE PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Section 115b(b)(1) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (E); 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) new or expanded critical skills and com-
petencies needed by the existing civilian em-ployee workforce of the Department to address new acquisition process requirements established by law or policy during the four years preceding the year of submission of the plan; and’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 115b 
of such title is further amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E) of subsection (b)(1), 
as redesignated by subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2) of subsection (b), in the 
matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1)(E)’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (2)(A) of each of subsections 
(c), (d), and (e), by striking ‘‘through (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (E)’’. 
SEC. 815. MANDATORY REQUIREMENT FOR TRAIN-
ING RELATED TO THE CONDUCT OF MARKET RESEARCH. 
(a) M ANDATORY MARKET RESEARCH TRAIN-
ING.—Section 2377 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) M
ARKET RESEARCH TRAINING RE-
QUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide 
mandatory training for members of the armed forces and employees of the Department of De-fense responsible for the conduct of market re-search required under subsection (c). Such man-datory training shall, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) provide comprehensive information on the 
subject of market research and the function of market research in the acquisition of commercial items; 
‘‘(2) teach best practices for conducting and 
documenting market research; and 
‘‘(3) provide methodologies for establishing 
standard processes and reports for collecting and sharing market research across the Depart-ment.’’. 
(b) I
NCORPORATION INTO MANAGEMENT CER-
TIFICATION TRAINING MANDATE .—The Chairman 
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall ensure that the requirements of section 2377(d) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), are in-corporated into the requirements management certification training mandate of the Joint Ca-pabilities Integration Development System. 
SEC. 816. INDEPENDENT STUDY OF IMPLEMENTA-
TION OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE IMPROVEMENT EF-FORTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STUDY .—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent research entity described in subsection (b) to carry out a com-prehensive study of the strategic planning of the Department of Defense related to the defense ac-quisition workforce. The study shall provide a comprehensive examination of the Department’s 
efforts to recruit, develop, and retain the acqui-sition workforce with a specific review of the following: 
(1) The implementation of the Defense Acqui-
sition Workforce Improvement Act (including chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code). 
(2) The application of the Department of De-
fense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund (as established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code). 
(3) The effectiveness of professional military 
education programs, including fellowships and exchanges with industry. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT RESEARCH ENTITY .—The en-
tity described in this subsection is an inde-pendent research entity that is a not-for-profit entity or a federally funded research and devel-opment center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability. 
(c) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) T O SECRETARY .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent research entity shall provide to the Secretary a report containing— 
(A) the results of the study required by sub-
section (a); and 
(B) such recommendations to improve the ac-
quisition workforce as the independent research entity considers to be appropriate. 
(2) T
O CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days 
after receipt of the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit such re-port, together with any additional views or rec-ommendations of the Secretary, to the congres-sional defense committees. 
SEC. 817. EXTENSION OF DEMONSTRATION 
PROJECT RELATING TO CERTAIN AC-QUISITION PERSONNEL MANAGE-MENT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. 
Section 1762(g) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
Subtitle C—Weapon Systems Acquisition and 
Related Matters 
SEC. 821. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DESIRED 
CHARACTERISTICS FOR THE WEAP-ON SYSTEMS ACQUISITION SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) C URRENT SITUATION .—Despite significant 
and repeated attempts at acquisition reform, the Department of Defense still experiences case after case of expensive weapon system acquisi-tion failures. The Department of Defense has a track record of too many cancellations, schedule slippages, cost over-runs, and failures to deliver timely solutions to the requirements of the Armed Forces. This situation is unacceptable. For example, according to the Final Report of the 2010 Army Acquisition Review, between 1996 and 2010, the Army expended approximately $1 billion to $3 billion annually on two dozen pro-grams that were eventually cancelled. No mili-tary service and no type of weapon acquisition has been immune. 
(2) P
ROBLEMS IN ALL PHASES OF ACQUISI -
TIONS .— 
(A) Despite detailed weapon acquisition proc-
esses and procedures, there is only limited dis-cipline in starting programs. Many programs begin without a solid foundation. They have too many requirements deemed ‘‘critical’’, which are driven by too many organizations and individ-uals. Approved requirements are often set with only a limited understanding of the technical feasibility of achieving them. The resulting com-promises of good program management and en-gineering judgment that allow the programs to proceed are the ‘‘spackle’’ of the acquisition sys-tem that covers up the risks and enables the sys-tem to operate. 
(B) As these weapon systems proceed into en-
gineering and manufacturing development, they often encounter development problems leading to cost growth, schedule delay, and performance reductions. Industry and Government officials frequently respond by taking additional devel-
opment risks to resolve basic performance issues by reducing the time to analyze and assess de-velopment results, overlapping key development efforts, and reducing testing. The Department of Defense and Congress disrupt the planned fund-ing of stable programs to find resources for trou-bled programs or to fund across-the-board spending cuts. Funding instability is the inevi-table price that programs pay for survival be-cause funding disruptions actually keep more programs alive. 
(C) Finally, these weapons are often rushed 
into production only to encounter production problems, and are fielded with many unknowns or deficiencies leading to significantly reduced quantities and force structure reductions. The warfighter faces the challenge of operating weapons with poor reliability, high maintenance demands, reduced performance, and many capa-bility shortfalls. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that, in accordance with the tenets described in 
section 800, to improve weapon system acquisi-tions, the Department of Defense, Congress, and industry should develop an acquisition system characterized by highly disciplined program ini-tiation coupled with agile program execution and balanced oversight, as described in para-graphs (2), (3), and (4). 
(2) H
IGHLY DISCIPLINED PROGRAM INITI -
ATION .—An acquisition system characterized by 
highly disciplined program initiation means that programs do not begin engineering development until firm requirements are matched to a flexible acquisition strategy structured to develop mili-tarily useful capability that can be delivered in a relevant period of time with available tech-nologies, funding, and management capacity. Such a highly disciplined program initiation in-cludes— 
(A) a workforce with smart requirements set-
ters and expert buyers, with the knowledge, skills, and experience to successfully plan for and execute highly complex acquisitions; 
(B) requirements that are well-defined, tech-
nically feasible, and affordable; 
(C) acquisition strategies that are designed to 
minimize time to market of militarily useful ca-pability, with the program concerned being structured so that— 
(i) lower-risk, technically mature capabilities 
are matched to delivering capability to the warfighter in the near term, while remaining re-quirements are aligned and resources are pro-grammed to support integration into later incre-ments to meet the requirements of the Armed Forces; 
(ii) capabilities are approved for an increment 
only when their developmental risks have been appropriately reduced; and 
(iii) increments are planned to complete engi-
neering and manufacturing development in a reasonable period of time; 
(D) a science and technology development en-
terprise that is responsive to the acquisition process before engineering and manufacturing development begins, and sufficiently resourced to reduce risks and enable programs to make smart decisions without losing critical funds; and 
(E) redtape reduction in order to free up pro-
gram and Department officials to focus on their mission of defining an executable program and understanding and addressing risks. 
(3) A
GILE PROGRAM EXECUTION .—An acquisi-
tion system characterized by agile program exe-cution means a system in which acquisition speed and flexibility to make trade-offs are bal-anced with the need to achieve desired technical performance. Such agile program execution in-cludes— 
(A) program managers and program officials 
who are expert buyers and negotiators who an-ticipate problems, negotiate solutions, and are empowered to manage; 
(B) a preference for fixed price contracting 
where appropriate for the size and complexity of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3037 May 14, 2015 
the work and for the nature and scope of the 
capabilities being developed; 
(C) program managers who avoid increasing 
program risk by resisting the addition of new re-quirements or the reduction of developmental activities; 
(D) empowering program managers and senior 
decisionmakers to make decisions easily in order to move forward with capabilities that mature quickly, cancel those that encounter greater dif-ficulties than expected, and trade-off or reduce requirements to maintain cost and schedule; 
(E) enabling program managers to focus on 
overcoming execution challenges and delivering success rather than concentrating on compli-ance with reporting, certifications, and other redtape; and 
(F) senior decisionmakers who have knowl-
edge of demonstrated performance as programs proceed through development, with robust devel-opmental testing occurring before committing to production for operational use as a basis for de-cision making. 
(4) B
ALANCED OVERSIGHT .—An acquisition sys-
tem characterized by balanced oversight means that the focus is on ensuring discipline initi-ating programs and that appropriate adjust-ments are made during development, so that programs have the best chance to succeed. Such balanced oversight includes— 
(A) involvement by decisionmakers early to 
ensure that an understanding of trade-offs, risks, and needs are considered, resourced, and validated, and that agreement is reached be-tween the executive and legislative branches; 
(B) acceptance by decisionmakers that com-
plex weapon system developments are inherently risky and require expertise and flexibility to manage effectively; 
(C) conscious decisions by decisionmakers re-
garding where to accept risk, while ensuring that risk mitigation plans are resourced (with time, funding, alternatives, and competent gov-ernment and contractor officials); 
(D) measuring and monitoring by decision-
makers of the right factors, such as technology maturation progress and systems engineering during risk reduction, development cost growth during engineering and manufacturing develop-ment, and reliability growth during system dem-onstration; 
(E) work by Congress and the Department of 
Defense, once a program has begun, to resolve issues by considering trade-offs among cost, schedule, and performance necessary to best support the warfighter; and 
(F) congressional understanding of risks and 
efforts to mitigate such risks even if they are through non-traditional means or other techno-logical advances. 
SEC. 822. ACQUISITION STRATEGY REQUIRED FOR 
EACH MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM AND MAJOR SYSTEM. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF REQUIREMENTS RELAT-
ING TO ACQUISITION STRATEGY .— 
(1) N EW TITLE 10 SECTION .—Chapter 144 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2431a. Acquisition strategy 
‘‘(a) A
CQUISITION STRATEGY REQUIRED .— 
There shall be an acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program and each major system approved by a Milestone Decision Authority. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBLE OFFICIAL .—For each acqui-
sition strategy required by subsection (a), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics is responsible for issuing and maintaining the requirements for— 
‘‘(1) the content of the strategy; and ‘‘(2) the review and approval process for the 
strategy. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—(1) In issuing require-
ments for the content of an acquisition strategy for a major defense acquisition program or major system, the Under Secretary shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the strategy clearly describes the pro-
posed business and technical management ap-proach for the program or system, in sufficient detail to allow the Milestone Decision Authority to assess the viability of the proposed approach; 
‘‘(B) the strategy contains a clear explanation 
of how the strategy is designed to be imple-mented with available resources, such as time, funding, and management capacity; and 
‘‘(C) the strategy considers the items listed in 
paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) Each strategy shall, at a minimum, con-
sider the following: 
‘‘(A) An approach that delivers required capa-
bility in increments, each depending on avail-able mature technology, and that recognizes up front the need for future capability improve-ments. 
‘‘(B) Acquisition approach, including indus-
trial base considerations in accordance with sec-tion 2440 of this title. 
‘‘(C) Risk management, including such meth-
ods as competitive prototyping at the system, subsystem, or component level, in accordance with section 2431b of this title. 
‘‘(D) Business strategy, including measures to 
ensure competition at the system and subsystem level throughout the life-cycle of the program or system in accordance with section 2337 of this title. 
‘‘(E) Contracting strategy, including— ‘‘(i) contract type and how the type selected 
relates to level of program risk in each acquisi-tion phase; 
‘‘(ii) how the plans for the program or system 
to reduce risk enable the use of fixed-price ele-ments in subsequent contracts and the timing of the use of those fixed price elements; 
‘‘(iii) market research; and ‘‘(iv) consideration of small business partici-
pation. 
‘‘(F) Intellectual property strategy in accord-
ance with section 2320 of this title. 
‘‘(G) International involvement, including for-
eign military sales and cooperative opportuni-ties, in accordance with section 2350a of this title. 
‘‘(H) Multi-year procurement in accordance 
with section 2306b of this title. 
‘‘(I) Integration of current intelligence assess-
ments into the acquisition process. 
‘‘(J) Requirements related to logistics, mainte-
nance, and sustainment in accordance with sec-tions 2464 and 2466 of this title. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—(1) Subject to the authority, di-
rection, and control of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, the Milestone Decision Authority shall re-view and approve, as appropriate, the acquisi-tion strategy for a major defense acquisition program or major system at each of the fol-lowing times: 
‘‘(A) Milestone A approval. ‘‘(B) The decision to release the request for 
proposals for development of the program or sys-tem. 
‘‘(C) Milestone B approval. ‘‘(D) Each subsequent milestone. ‘‘(E) Review of any decision to enter into full- 
rate production. 
‘‘(F) When there has been— ‘‘(i) a significant change to the cost of the 
program or system; 
‘‘(ii) a critical change to the cost of the pro-
gram or system; 
‘‘(iii) a significant change to the schedule of 
the program or system; or 
‘‘(iv) a significant change to the performance 
of the program or system. 
‘‘(G) Any other time considered relevant by 
the Milestone Decision Authority. 
‘‘(2) If the Milestone Decision Authority re-
vises an acquisition strategy for a program or system, the Milestone Decision Authority shall provide notice of the revision to the congres-sional defense committees. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition pro-
gram’ has the meaning provided in section 2430 of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘major system’ has the meaning 
provided in section 2302(5) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘Milestone A approval’ means a 
decision to enter into technology maturation and risk reduction pursuant to guidance pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense for the man-agement of Department of Defense acquisition programs. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone B approval’ has the 
meaning provided in section 2366(e)(7) of this title. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘Milestone Decision Authority’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram or major system, means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisi-tion decisions for the program or system, includ-ing authority to approve entry of the program or system into the next phase of the acquisition process. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘management capacity’, with re-
spect to a major defense acquisition program or major system, means the capacity to manage the program or system through the use of highly qualified organizations and personnel with ap-propriate experience, knowledge, and skills. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘significant change to the cost’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram or major system, means a significant cost growth threshold, as that term is defined in sec-tion 2433(a)(4) of this title. 
‘‘(8) The term ‘critical change to the cost’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram or major system, means a critical cost growth threshold, as that term is defined in sec-tion 2433(a)(5) of this title. 
‘‘(9) The term ‘significant change to the 
schedule’, with respect to a major defense acqui-sition program or major system, means any schedule delay greater than six months in a re-ported event. 
‘‘(f) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—Upon request by the chairman or rank-
ing member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate or the House of Representatives, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the committee the most recently approved acquisi-tion strategy for a major defense acquisition program or major system. The strategy shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2431 the following new item: 
‘‘2431a. Acquisition strategy.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 2350a(e) of such title is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘D
OCUMENT ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Under 
Secretary of Defense for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘opportu-nities for such cooperative research and devel-opment shall be addressed in the acquisition strategy for the project’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘document’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-
cussion’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘include’’ and inserting ‘‘con-
sider’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘A state-
ment indicating whether’’ and inserting ‘‘Whether’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘by the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of the United States under 
consideration by the Department of Defense’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘The 
recommendation of the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘A recommendation to the Milestone Decision Authority’’. 
(2) Section 803 of the Bob Stump National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3038 May 14, 2015 
(Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is re-
pealed. 
SEC. 823. REVISION TO REQUIREMENTS RELAT-
ING TO RISK MANAGEMENT IN DE-VELOPMENT OF MAJOR DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS AND MAJOR SYSTEMS. 
(a) R ISKMANAGEMENT AND MITIGATION RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 144 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431a (as added by section 813) the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2431b. Risk management and mitigation in 
major defense acquisition programs and major systems 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—(1) There shall be a risk 
management and mitigation strategy for each major defense acquisition program or major sys-tem. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that the initial acquisition strategy (required under section 2431a of this title) approved by the Milestone Decision Authority and any subse-quent revisions include the following: 
‘‘(A) A comprehensive strategy for managing 
and mitigating risk (including technical, cost, and schedule risk) during each of the following periods: 
‘‘(i) The period preceding engineering manu-
facturing development, or its equivalent. 
‘‘(ii) The period preceding initial production. ‘‘(iii) The period preceding full-rate produc-
tion. 
‘‘(B) An identification of the major sources of 
risk in each of the periods listed in subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘(3) In the case of a program or system with 
separate increments of capabilities that require Milestone Decision Authority approval to begin or proceed, paragraphs (1) and (2) shall apply to each increment. 
‘‘(b) S
TRATEGY TO MANAGE AND MITIGATE  
RISKS.—(1) The comprehensive strategy to man-
age and mitigate risk included in the acquisition strategy for purposes of subsection (a)(2)(A) shall identify each individual risk and the risk management and mitigation activities to address each risk. For the mitigation activities identi-fied, the strategy shall note whether they re-quire cost and schedule margins and need to be included in funding requests. 
‘‘(2) The strategy shall be comprehensive and, 
at a minimum, include consideration of risk mitigation techniques such as the following: 
‘‘(A) Prototyping (including prototyping at 
the system, subsystem, or component level and competitive prototyping, where appropriate) and, if prototyping at either the system, sub-system, or component level is not used, an ex-planation of why it is not appropriate. 
‘‘(B) Modeling and simulation, the areas that 
modeling and simulation will assess, and identi-fication of the need for development of any new modeling and simulation tools in order to sup-port the comprehensive strategy. 
‘‘(C) Technology demonstrations and decision 
points for disciplined transition of planned tech-nologies into programs or the selection of alter-native technologies. 
‘‘(D) Multiple design approaches. ‘‘(E) Alternative designs, including any de-
signs that meet requirements but do so with re-duced performance. 
‘‘(F) Phasing of program activities or related 
technology development efforts in order to ad-dress high risk areas as early as feasible. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘major defense acquisition program’ and ‘major system’ have the meanings provided in section 2431a of this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2431a, as so added, the following new item: 
‘‘2431b. Risk reduction in major defense acqui-
sition programs and major systems.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROVISION .—Sec-
tion 203 of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Re-form Act of 2009 (10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is re-
pealed. 
SEC. 824. MODIFICATION TO REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATING TO DETERMINATION OF CONTRACT TYPE FOR MAJOR DE-FENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND MAJOR SYSTEMS. 
(a) D ETERMINATION OF CONTRACT TYPE.—Sec-
tion 2306 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF GUIDANCE RE-
LATING TO CONTRACT TYPE.—(1) The Secretary 
of Defense shall ensure that the guidance of the Department of Defense relating to major defense acquisition programs, major systems, and major automated information systems includes a re-quirement that the acquisition strategy required under section 2431a of this title for such a pro-gram or system includes— 
‘‘(A) a separate identification of the contract 
type for each acquisition phase of the program or system; and 
‘‘(B) a justification of the contract type iden-
tified. 
‘‘(2) The contract type identified in accord-
ance with paragraph (1)(A) may be— 
‘‘(A) a fixed-price type contract (including a 
fixed-price incentive contract); or 
‘‘(B) a cost-type contract (including a cost- 
plus-incentive-fee contract). 
‘‘(3) The guidance referred to in paragraph (1) 
shall require that the justification for the con-tract type selected explain— 
‘‘(A) how the level of program risk in each ac-
quisition phase relates to the contract type se-lected; 
‘‘(B) how the use of incentives (especially cost 
incentives) in the contract, if any, supports the program or system objectives during each acqui-sition phase; and 
‘‘(C) how the plans for the program or system 
to reduce risk enable the use of fixed-price ele-ments in subsequent contracts. 
‘‘(4) The guidance shall also specify that the 
use of contracts with target costs, target profits or fees, and profit or fee adjustment formulas can be an appropriate contract type.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL .—Section 818 of the John Warner 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109-364; 10 U.S.C. 2306 note) is amended by striking subsections (b), (c), (d), and (e). 
SEC. 825. REQUIRED DETERMINATION BEFORE 
MILESTONE A APPROVAL OR INITI-ATION OF MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION PROGRAMS. 
(a) D ETERMINATION RATHER THAN CERTIFI -
CATION REQUIRED .—Subsection (a) of section 
2366a of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ERTIFICATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘W RITTEN DE-
TERMINATION REQUIRED ’’; and 
(2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘certifies’’ and inserting ‘‘determines, in writing,’’. 
(b) S
UBMISSION OF WRITTEN DETERMINATION  
TOCONGRESS .—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—At the re-
quest of any of the congressional defense com-mittees, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the committee an explanation of the basis for a determination made under subsection (a) with respect to a major defense acquisition program, together with a copy of the written determina-tion. The explanation shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF UNUSED DEFINITIONS .—Sub-
section (c) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (5), (6), 
and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
2366a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: 
determination required before Milestone A approval’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366a and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: 
determination required before Milestone A approval.’’. 
SEC. 826. REQUIRED CERTIFICATION AND DETER-
MINATION BEFORE MILESTONE B AP-PROVAL OF MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) D ETERMINATION REQUIRED IN ADDITION TO  
CERTIFICATION .—Subsection (a) of section 2366b 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘CERTIFICATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTIFICATION  
ANDDETERMINATION REQUIRED ’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(3) by striking ‘‘(3) further certifies that—’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) further certifies that the technology in 
the program has been demonstrated in a rel-evant environment, as determined by the Mile-stone Decision Authority on the basis of an independent review and assessment by the As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Develop-mental Test and Evaluation; 
‘‘(4) determines, in writing, that—’’. (b) S
UBMISSION OF WRITTEN DETERMINATION  
TOCONGRESS .—Subsection (c) of such section is 
amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) At the request of any of the congressional 
defense committees, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the committee an explanation of the basis for a determination made under sub-section (a)(4) with respect to a major defense ac-quisition program, together with a copy of the written determination. The explanation shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—Subsection 
(d) of such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘certification 
requirement’’ and inserting ‘‘certification and determination requirements’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
and in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘waiver’’ before ‘‘determination’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘certifi-
cation components’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘certification and determination com-ponents’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2366b 
of title 10, United States Code, is further amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4) of sub-section (a)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), (3) and (4) of subsection (a)’’. 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
2366b of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2366b. Major defense acquisition programs: 
certification and determination required before Milestone B approval’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366b and inserting the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3039 May 14, 2015 
‘‘2366b. Major defense acquisition programs: 
certification and determination required before Milestone B approval.’’. 
Subtitle D—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 831. CODIFICATION AND AMENDMENT OF 
MENTOR-PROTEGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 831 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is transferred to chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, inserted so as to appear after section 2323a, redesignated as section 2323b, and amended— 
(1) by amending the section heading to read 
as follows: 
‘‘§ 2323b. Mentor-Protege Program’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘pilot’’ each place such term 
appears; 
(3) by amending subsection (e)(1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) A developmental program for the protege 
firm, in such detail as may be reasonable, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) factors to assess the protege firm’s devel-
opmental progress under the program; and 
‘‘(B) the anticipated number and type of sub-
contracts to be awarded to the protege firm.’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (l)(2)’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)(1), by inserting ‘‘(15 
U.S.C. 631 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Small Business Act’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (j) and redesignating 
subsections (k) and (l) as subsections (j) and (k), respectively; 
(7) by amending subsection (j) (as so redesig-
nated) to read as follows: 
‘‘(j) R
EGULATIONS .—The regulations imple-
menting the Mentor-Protege Pilot Program es-tablished under section 831 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) as in effect on the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 shall apply to this section. The Secretary of Defense may revise such regula-tions or prescribe additional regulations nec-essary to carry out this section. The Department of Defense policy regarding the Mentor-Protege Program shall be published and maintained as an appendix to the Department of Defense Sup-plement to the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion.’’; 
(8) by striking ‘‘prescribed pursuant to sub-
section (k)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘described in subsection (j)’’; and 
(9) in subsection (k) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘means a 
business concern that meets the requirements of section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)) and the regulations promulgated pursu-ant thereto’’ and inserting ‘‘has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘the se-
verely disabled’’ and inserting ‘‘severely dis-abled individuals’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (G), by inserting ‘‘(15 
U.S.C. 632(p))’’ after ‘‘Small Business Act’’; and 
(C) by amending paragraph (8) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(8) The term ‘severely disabled individual’ 
means an individual who is blind (as defined in section 8501 of title 41) or a severely disabled in-dividual (as defined in such section).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2323a the following new item: 
‘‘2323b. Mentor-Protege Program.’’. 
SEC. 832. AMENDMENTS TO DATA QUALITY IM-
PROVEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 15(s) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(s)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) I MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than the 
first day of fiscal year 2017, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall imple-ment the plan described in this subsection. 
‘‘(5) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Administrator shall 
annually provide to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate a certification of the ac-curacy and completeness of data reported on bundled and consolidated contracts.’’. 
(b) GAO S
TUDY .— 
(1) S TUDY .—Not later than the first day of fis-
cal year 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study on the effec-tiveness of the plan described in section 15(s) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(s)) that shall assess whether contracts were accurately labeled as bundled or consolidated. 
(2) C
ONTRACTS EVALUATED .—For the purposes 
of conducting the study described in paragraph (1), the Comptroller General of the United States— 
(A) shall evaluate, for work in each of sectors 
23, 33, 54, and 56 (as defined by the North Amer-ican Industry Classification System), not fewer than 100 contracts in each sector; 
(B) shall evaluate only those contracts— (i) awarded by an agency listed in section 
901(b) of title 31, United States Code; and 
(ii) that have a Base and Exercised Options 
Value, an Action Obligation, or a Base and All Options Value (as such terms are defined in the Federal procurement data system described in section 1122(a)(4)(A) of title 41, United States Code, or any successor system); and 
(C) shall not evaluate contracts that have 
used any set aside authority. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after 
initiating the study required by paragraph (1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate on the results from such study and, if warranted, any recommendations on how to improve the quality of data reported on bundled and consolidated contracts. 
SEC. 833. NOTICE OF CONTRACT CONSOLIDATION 
FOR ACQUISITION STRATEGIES. 
(a) N OTICE REQUIREMENT FOR THE SENIOR  
PROCUREMENT EXECUTIVE OR CHIEF ACQUISI -
TION OFFICER .—Section 44(c)(2) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657q(c)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Not later than 7 days after 
making a determination that an acquisition strategy involving a consolidation of contract requirements is necessary and justified under subparagraph (A), the senior procurement exec-utive or Chief Acquisition Officer shall publish a notice on a public website that such deter-mination has been made. Any solicitation for a procurement related to the acquisition strategy may not be published earlier than 7 days after such notice is published. Along with the publi-cation of the solicitation, the senior procure-ment executive or Chief Acquisition Officer shall publish a justification for the determination, which shall include the information in subpara-graphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT FOR THE HEAD OF A  
CONTRACTING AGENCY .—Section 15(e)(3) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(e)(3)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) S
TRATEGY SPECIFICATIONS .—If the head 
of a contracting agency determines that an ac-quisition plan for a procurement involves a sub-stantial bundling of contract requirements, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a no-tice on a public website that such determination has been made not later than 7 days after mak-ing such determination. Any solicitation for a procurement related to the acquisition plan may not be published earlier than 7 days after such notice is published. Along with the publication of the solicitation, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a justification for the de-termination, which shall include following in-
formation: 
‘‘(A) The specific benefits anticipated to be de-
rived from the bundling of contract requirements and a determination that such benefits justify the bundling. 
‘‘(B) An identification of any alternative con-
tracting approaches that would involve a lesser degree of bundling of contract requirements. 
‘‘(C) An assessment of— ‘‘(i) the specific impediments to participation 
by small business concerns as prime contractors that result from the bundling of contract re-quirements; and 
‘‘(ii) the specific actions designed to maximize 
participation of small business concerns as sub-contractors (including suppliers) at various tiers under the contract or contracts that are award-ed to meet the requirements.’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 44(c)(1) 
of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657q(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraph (4), the head’’ and inserting ‘‘The head’’. 
SEC. 834. CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATED TO SMALL BUSINESS CON-TRACTS FOR SERVICES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT CONTRACTS .—Section 
8(a)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘any pro-
curement contract’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 15’’ and inserting ‘‘any procurement contract, which contract has as its principal purpose the supply of a product to be let pursu-ant to this subsection or subsection (m), or sec-tion 15(a), 31, or 36,’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—This paragraph shall not 
apply to a contract that has as its principal purpose the acquisition of services or construc-tion.’’. 
(b) S
UBCONTRACTOR CONTRACTS .—Section 
46(a)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657s(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘for supplies from a regular dealer in such supplies’’ and in-serting ‘‘which is principally for supplies from a regular dealer in such supplies, and which is not a contract principally for services or con-struction,’’. 
SEC. 835. REVIEW OF GOVERNMENT ACCESS TO 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF PRIVATE SECTOR FIRMS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a con-tract with an independent entity with appro-priate expertise to conduct a review of Depart-ment of Defense regulations and practices re-lated to Government access to and use of intel-lectual property rights of private sector firms. The contract shall require that in conducting the review, the independent entity shall consult with the National Defense Technology and In-dustrial Base Council (described in section 2502 of title 10, United States Code). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the independent entity, along with a description of any actions that the Secretary proposes to re-vise and clarify laws or that the Secretary may take to revise or clarify regulations related to intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 836. REQUIREMENT THAT CERTAIN SHIP 
COMPONENTS BE MANUFACTURED IN THE NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PROCUREMENT LIMITATION .— 
Section 2534(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) C
OMPONENTS FOR AUXILIARY SHIPS .—Sub-
ject to subsection (k), the following components: 
‘‘(A) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, 
for all shipboard services. 
‘‘(B) Propulsion system components, including 
engines, reduction gears, and propellers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3040 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(C) Shipboard cranes. 
‘‘(D) Spreaders for shipboard cranes.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Such section is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) I
MPLEMENTATION OF AUXILIARY SHIP 
COMPONENT LIMITATION .—Subsection (a)(6) ap-
plies only with respect to contracts awarded by the Secretary of a military department for new construction of an auxiliary ship after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 using funds available for National Defense Sealift Fund pro-grams or Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy.’’. 
SEC. 837. POLICY REGARDING SOLID ROCKET MO-
TORS USED IN TACTICAL MISSILES. 
(a) P OLICY .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
ensure that every tactical missile program of the Department of Defense that uses solid propel-lant as the primary propulsion system shall have at least one rocket motor supplier within the national technology and industrial base (as defined in section 2500(1) of title 10, United States Code). 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive sub-
section (a) in the case of compelling national se-curity reasons. 
SEC. 838. FAR COUNCIL MEMBERSHIP FOR AD-
MINISTRATOR OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A DDITION OF ADMINISTRATOR OF SMALL  
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION TO FEDERAL ACQUISI -
TION REGULATORY COUNCIL .—Section 1302(b)(1) 
of title 41, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (C); 
(2) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
and’’ at the end of subparagraph (D); and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the Administrator of the Small Business 
Administration.’’. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such title is 
amended— 
(1) in section 1303(a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘and the Administrator of Na-
tional Aeronautics and Space,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator of National Aeronautics and Space, and the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and the National Aeronautics 
and Space Act of 1958 (42 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.),’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Aeronautics and Space Act of 1958 (42 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.), and the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.),’’; and 
(2) in section 1121(d), by striking ‘‘and the 
General Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘the General Services Administration, and the Small Business Administration’’. 
SEC. 839. SURETY BOND REQUIREMENTS AND 
AMOUNT OF GUARANTEE. 
(a) S URETY BONDREQUIREMENTS .—Chapter 93 
of subtitle VI of title 31, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 9310. Individual sureties 
‘‘If another applicable law or regulation per-
mits the acceptance of a bond from a surety that is not subject to sections 9305 and 9306 and is based on a pledge of assets by the surety, the as-sets pledged by such surety shall— 
‘‘(1) consist of eligible obligations described 
under section 9303(a); and 
‘‘(2) be submitted to the official of the Govern-
ment required to approve or accept the bond, who shall deposit the assets with a depository described under section 9303(b).’’; and 
(2) in the table of contents for such chapter, 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘9310. Individual sureties.’’. (b) A
MOUNT OF SURETY BOND GUARANTEE  
FROM SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION .—Sec-
tion 411(c)(1) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 694b(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘70’’ and inserting ‘‘90’’. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON SURETY  
BONDS.— (1) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall carry out a study on the fol-lowing: 
(A) All instances during the 10-year period be-
ginning on January 31, 2006, in which a surety bond proposed or issued by a surety in connec-tion with a Federal project was— 
(i) rejected by a Federal contracting officer; or (ii) accepted by a Federal contracting officer, 
but was later found to have been backed by in-sufficient collateral or to be otherwise deficient or with respect to which the surety did not per-form. 
(B) The consequences to the Federal Govern-
ment, subcontractors, and suppliers of the in-stances described under subparagraph (A). 
(C) The percentages of all Federal contracts 
that were awarded to new startup businesses (including new startup businesses that are small disadvantaged businesses or disadvantaged business enterprises), small disadvantaged busi-nesses, and disadvantaged business enterprises as prime contractors during— 
(i) the 2-year period beginning on January 31, 
2014 and ending on January 31, 2016; and 
(ii) the 2-year period beginning on January 
31, 2016 and ending on January 31, 2018. 
(D) An assessment of the impact of the amend-
ments made by this section upon the percentages described in subparagraph (C). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2019, 
the Comptroller General shall issue a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Government Affairs of the Senate containing all findings and determina-tions made in carrying out the study required under paragraph (1). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) D ISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTERPRISE .— 
The term ‘‘disadvantaged business enterprise’’ has the meaning given that term under section 26.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(B) N
EW STARTUP BUSINESS .—The term ‘‘new 
startup business’’ means a business that was formed in the 2-year period ending on the date on which the business bids on a Federal con-tract that requires giving a surety bond. 
(C) S
MALL DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS .—The 
term ‘‘small disadvantaged business’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘socially and economi-cally disadvantaged small business concern’’ under section 8(a)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)). 
SEC. 840. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR 
PROCUREMENT CENTER REP-RESENTATIVES, BUSINESS OPPOR-TUNITY SPECIALISTS, AND COMMER-CIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVE  
REQUIREMENTS .—Section 15(l)(5)(A)(iii) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(l)(5)(A)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘except that’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘except that— 
‘‘(I) any person serving in such a position on 
or before January 3, 2013, may continue to serve in that position for a period of 5 years beginning on such date without the required certification; and 
‘‘(II) any person hired for such position after 
January 3, 2013, may have up to one calendar year from the date of employment to obtain the required certification.’’. 
(b) B
USINESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIALIST RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Small Busi-
ness Act (15 U.S.C. 633) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR BUSI-
NESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIALISTS .—A Business 
Opportunity Specialist described under section 7(j)(10)(D) shall have a Level I Federal Acquisi-tion Certification in Contracting (or any suc-cessor certification) or the equivalent Depart-ment of Defense certification, except that— 
‘‘(1) a Business Opportunity Specialist who 
was serving on or before January 3, 2013, may continue to serve as a Business Opportunity 
Specialist for a period of 5 years beginning on such date without such a certification; and 
‘‘(2) any person hired as a Business Oppor-
tunity Specialist after January 3, 2013, may have up to one calendar year from the date of employment to obtain the required certifi-cation.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
7(j)(10)(D)(i) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 636(j)(10)(D)(i)) is amended by striking the sec-ond sentence. 
(c) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVE  
REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4 of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 633), as amended by section 9 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR COM-
MERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES .—A com-
mercial market representative referred to in sec-tion 15(q)(3) shall have a Level I Federal Acqui-sition Certification in Contracting (or any suc-cessor certification) or the equivalent Depart-ment of Defense certification, except that— 
‘‘(1) a commercial market representative who 
was serving on or before the date of the enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 may continue to serve as a commercial market representative for a period of 5 years beginning on such date without such a certification; and 
‘‘(2) any person hired as a commercial market 
representative after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 may have up to one calendar year from the date of employment to obtain the re-quired certification.’’. 
SEC. 841. INCLUDING SUBCONTRACTING GOALS 
IN AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 1633(b) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2076; 15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended by striking ‘‘assume responsibility for of the agency’s success in achieving small busi-ness contracting goals and percentages’’ and in-serting ‘‘assume responsibility for the agency’s success in achieving each of the small business prime contracting and subcontracting goals and percentages’’. 
SEC. 842. MODIFICATIONS TO REQUIREMENTS 
FOR QUALIFIED HUBZONE SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS LOCATED IN A BASE CLOSURE AREA. 
(a) P ERIOD FOR BASECLOSURE AREAS.— 
(1) E XTENSION OF PERIOD .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 152(a)(2) of title I of 
division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) is amended by striking ‘‘for a period of 5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘for the later of— 
‘‘(A) 8 years from the date of final closure; or ‘‘(B) the date designated by the Administrator 
of the Small Business Administration that is based on data of the Bureau of the Census ob-tained from the first decennial census conducted after the date of final closure.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1698(b)(2) of National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘the later of— 
‘‘(A) 8 years; or ‘‘(B) the date designated by the Administrator 
of the Small Business Administration described in section 152(a)(2)(B) of title I of division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note).’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .—The 
amendments made by paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act; and 
(B) apply to— (i) a base closure area (as defined in section 
3(p)(4)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D))) that, on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, is treated as a HUBZone described in section 3(p)(1)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(1)(E)) under— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3041 May 14, 2015 
(I) section 152(a)(2) of title I of division K of 
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note); or 
(II) section 1698(b)(2) of National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (15 U.S.C. 632 note); and 
(ii) a base closure area relating to the closure 
of a military instillation under the authority de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 3(p)(4)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D)) that occurs on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE AREA FOR EMPLOYEE RESIDENCE  
FOR BASE CLOSURE HUBZ ONES.—Section 
3(p)(5)(A)(i)(I) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(5)(A)(i)(I)) is amended— 
(1) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating item (bb) as item (cc); and (3) by inserting after item (aa) the following 
new item: 
‘‘(bb) pursuant to subparagraph (A), (B), (C), 
(D), or (E) of paragraph (3), that its principal office is located within a base closure area and that not fewer than 35 percent of its employees reside in such base closure area or in another HUBZone; or’’. 
(c) E
XPANSION OF AREA INCLUDED IN BASE 
AREACLOSURE DEFINITION .—Section 3(p)(4)(D) 
of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(2) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as 
subclauses (I) through (IV), respectively; 
(3) in the matter preceding subclause (I), as so 
redesignated, by striking ‘‘means lands within’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(i) lands within’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) lands within 25 miles of the external 
boundaries of a military installation described in clause (i), excluding any such lands that are not within a qualified nonmetropolitan coun-ty.’’. 
SEC. 843. JOINT VENTURING AND TEAMING. 
(a) J OINT VENTURE OFFERS FOR BUNDLED OR  
CONSOLIDATED CONTRACTS .—Section 15(e)(4) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(e)(4)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) C
ONTRACT TEAMING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a solicitation 
of offers for a bundled or consolidated contract that is issued by the head of an agency, a small business concern that provides for use of a par-ticular team of subcontractors or a joint venture of small business concerns may submit an offer for the performance of the contract. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATION OF OFFERS .—The head of 
the agency shall evaluate an offer described in subparagraph (A) in the same manner as other offers, with due consideration to the capabilities of all of the proposed subcontractors or members of the joint venture as follows: 
‘‘(i) T
EAMS .—When evaluating an offer of a 
small business prime contractor that includes a proposed team of small business subcontractors, the head of the agency shall consider the capa-bilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the ca-pabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
‘‘(ii) J
OINT VENTURES .—When evaluating an 
offer of a joint venture of small business con-cerns, if the joint venture does not have suffi-cient capabilities or past performance to be con-sidered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall consider the capabili-ties and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capabilities past perform-ance of the joint venture. 
‘‘(C) S
TATUS AS A SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
Participation of a small business concern in a team or a joint venture under this paragraph shall not affect the status of that concern as a small business concern for any other purpose.’’. 
(b) T
EAM AND JOINT VENTURES OFFERS FOR  
MULTIPLE AWARD CONTRACTS .—Section 15(q)(1) 
of such Act (15 U.S.C. 644(q)(1)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ AND JOINT  
VENTURE ’’ before ‘‘ REQUIREMENTS ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Each Federal agency’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal agency’’; 
and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) T EAMS .—When evaluating an offer of a 
small business prime contractor that includes a proposed team of small business subcontractors for any multiple award contract above the sub-stantial bundling threshold of the Federal agen-cy, the head of the agency shall consider the ca-pabilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the ca-pabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
‘‘(C) J
OINT VENTURES .—When evaluating an 
offer of a joint venture of small business con-cerns for any multiple award contract above the substantial bundling threshold of the Federal agency, if the joint venture does not have suffi-cient capabilities or past performance to be con-sidered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall consider the capabili-ties and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capabilities and past per-formance of the joint venture.’’. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 851. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR DI-
RECTOR OF OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 139 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), 
(f), (g), (h), (i), (j), and (k) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), and (l), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) The Director shall consider the potential 
for increases in program cost estimates or delays in schedule estimates in the implementation of policies, procedures, and activities related to operational test and evaluation and shall take appropriate action to ensure that operational test and evaluation activities do not unneces-sarily increase program costs or impede program schedules.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
196(c)(1)(A)(ii) of such title is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 139(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 139(k)’’. 
SEC. 852. USE OF RECENT PRICES PAID BY THE 
GOVERNMENT IN THE DETERMINA-TION OF PRICE REASONABLENESS. 
Section 2306a(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, as amended by section 804, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) A contracting officer shall consider evi-
dence provided by an offeror of recent purchase prices paid by the Government for the same or similar commercial items in establishing price reasonableness on a subsequent purchase if the contracting officer is satisfied that the prices previously paid remain a valid reference for comparison after considering the totality of other relevant factors such as the time elapsed since the prior purchase and any differences in the quantities purchased or applicable terms and conditions.’’. 
SEC. 853. CODIFICATION OF OTHER TRANS-
ACTION AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN PROTOTYPE PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 845 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note) is transferred to chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, inserted so as to appear after sec-tion 2371a, redesignated as section 2371b, and amended— 
(1) by amending the section heading to read 
as follows: ‘‘§ 2371b. Authority of the Advanced Research 
Projects Agency to carry out certain proto-type projects’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘of title 10, United States 
Code’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of this title’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘of title 41, United States 
Code’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of title 41’’; 
(4) by amending subparagraph (B) of sub-
section (d)(1) to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) all parties to the transaction other than 
the Federal Government are innovative small business and nontraditional contractors with unique capabilities relevant to the prototype project.’’; and 
(5) by striking subsection (i). (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2371a the following new item: 
‘‘2371b. Authority of the Advanced Research 
Projects Agency to carry out certain pro-totype projects.’’. 
SEC. 854. AMENDMENTS TO CERTAIN ACQUISI-
TION THRESHOLDS. 
(a) S IMPLIFIED ACQUISITION THRESHOLD GEN-
ERALLY .—Section 134 of title 41, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
(b) M
ICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD .—Section 
1902(a) of title 41, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’. 
(c) S
PECIAL EMERGENCY PROCUREMENT AU-
THORITY .—Section 1903(b)(2) of title 41, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$750,000’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(d) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN RESERVATION .— 
Section 15(j)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(j)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
SEC. 855. REVISION OF METHOD OF ROUNDING 
WHEN MAKING INFLATION ADJUST-MENT OF ACQUISITION-RELATED DOLLAR THRESHOLDS. 
Section 1908(e)(2) of title 41, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘on the day before the adjustment’’ and inserting ‘‘as calculated under paragraph (1)’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (C); and 
(3) by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting 
the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(D) not less than $1,000,000, but less than 
$10,000,000, to the nearest $500,000; 
‘‘(E) not less than $10,000,000, but less than 
$100,000,000, to the nearest $5,000,000; 
‘‘(F) not less than $100,000,000, but less than 
$1,000,000,000, to the nearest $50,000,000; and 
‘‘(G) $1,000,000,000 or more, to the nearest 
$500,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 856. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR STAND- 
ALONE MANPOWER ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(1) of section 2434 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and a manpower estimate for the program have’’ and inserting ‘‘has’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
REGULATIONS .—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘shall require—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘that the independent’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall require that the independent’’; 
(3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and realigning those paragraphs so as to be two ems from the left margin; and 
(4) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘and operations and support,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘operations and support, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3042 May 14, 2015 
manpower to operate, maintain, and support the 
program upon full operational deployment,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and insert-
ing a period. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2434. Independent cost estimates’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The item relating to 
such section in the table of sections at the be-ginning of chapter 144 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘2434. Independent cost estimates.’’. 
SEC. 857. EXAMINATION AND GUIDANCE RELAT-
ING TO OVERSIGHT AND APPROVAL OF SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
Not later than March 1, 2016, the Under Sec-
retary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall— 
(1) complete an examination of the decision 
authority related to acquisition of services; and 
(2) develop and issue guidance to improve ca-
pabilities and processes related to requirements development and source selection for, and over-sight and management of, services contracts. 
SEC. 858. STREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATING TO DEFENSE BUSINESS SYS-TEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) R EVISION .—Section 2222 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2222. Defense business systems: business 
process reengineering; enterprise architec-ture; management 
‘‘(a) D
EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEMS GEN-
ERALLY .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that each covered defense business system devel-oped, deployed, and operated by the Department of Defense— 
‘‘(1) supports efficient business processes that 
have been reviewed, and as appropriate revised, through business process reengineering; 
‘‘(2) is integrated into a comprehensive de-
fense business enterprise architecture; and 
‘‘(3) is managed in a manner that provides 
visibility into, and traceability of, expenditures for the system. 
‘‘(b) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDANCE .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .—The 
Secretary shall issue guidance to provide for the coordination of, and decision making for, the planning, programming, and control of invest-ments in covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORTING GUIDANCE .—The Secretary 
shall direct the Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of the Department of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, the Chief Information Of-ficer, and the Chief Management Officer of each of the military departments to issue and main-tain supporting guidance, as appropriate, for the guidance of the Secretary issued under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) G
UIDANCE ELEMENTS .—The guidance 
issued under subsection (b)(1) shall include the following elements: 
‘‘(1) Policy to ensure that the business proc-
esses of the Department of Defense are continu-ously reviewed and revised— 
‘‘(A) to implement the most streamlined and 
efficient business processes practicable; and 
‘‘(B) to enable the use of commercial off-the- 
shelf business systems with the fewest changes necessary to accommodate requirements and interfaces that are unique to the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) A process to establish requirements for 
covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(3) Mechanisms for the planning and control 
of investments in covered defense business sys-tems, including a process for the collection and review of programming and budgeting informa-tion for covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(4) Policy requiring the periodic review of 
covered defense business systems that have been fully deployed, by portfolio, to ensure that in-vestments in such portfolios are appropriate. ‘‘(d) D
EFENSE BUSINESS ENTERPRISE ARCHI-
TECTURE .— 
‘‘(1) B LUEPRINT .—The Secretary, working 
through the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, shall develop and maintain a blueprint to guide the development of integrated business processes within the De-partment of Defense. Such blueprint shall be known as the ‘defense business enterprise archi-tecture’. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The defense business enter-
prise architecture shall be sufficiently defined to effectively guide implementation of interoper-able defense business system solutions and shall be consistent with the policies and procedures established by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
‘‘(3) E
LEMENTS .—The defense business enter-
prise architecture shall— 
‘‘(A) include policies, procedures, business 
data standards, business performance measures, and business information requirements that apply uniformly throughout the Department of Defense; and 
‘‘(B) enable the Department of Defense to— ‘‘(i) comply with all applicable law, including 
Federal accounting, financial management, and reporting requirements; 
‘‘(ii) routinely produce verifiable, timely, ac-
curate, and reliable business and financial in-formation for management purposes; and 
‘‘(iii) integrate budget, accounting, and pro-
gram information and systems. 
‘‘(4) I
NTEGRATION INTO INFORMATION TECH -
NOLOGY ARCHITECTURE .—(A) The defense busi-
ness enterprise architecture shall be integrated into the information technology enterprise ar-chitecture required under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) The Chief Information Officer of the De-
partment of Defense shall develop an informa-tion technology enterprise architecture. The ar-chitecture shall describe a plan for improving the information technology and computing in-frastructure of the Department of Defense, in-cluding for each of the major business processes conducted by the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(e) D
EFENSE BUSINESS COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT FOR COUNCIL .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a Defense Business Coun-cil to provide advice to the Secretary on devel-oping the defense business enterprise architec-ture, reengineering the Department’s business processes, and requirements for defense business systems. The Council shall be chaired by the Deputy Chief Management Officer and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Council shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The Chief Management Officers of the 
military departments, or their designees. 
‘‘(B) The following officials of the Department 
of Defense, or their designees: 
‘‘(i) The Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-
quisition, Technology, and Logistics with re-spect to acquisition, logistics, and installations management processes. 
‘‘(ii) The Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-
troller) with respect to financial management and planning and budgeting processes. 
‘‘(iii) The Under Secretary of Defense for Per-
sonnel and Readiness with respect to human re-sources management processes. 
‘‘(f) A
PPROVALS REQUIRED FOR DEVELOP -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure that a covered defense busi-ness system program cannot proceed into devel-opment (or, if no development is required, into production or fielding) unless the appropriate approval official (as specified in paragraph (2)) approves the program by determining that the covered defense business system concerned— 
‘‘(A) supports a business process that has 
been, or is being as a result of the acquisition program, reengineered to be as streamlined and efficient as practicable consistent with the guid-ance issued pursuant to subsection (b), includ-ing business process mapping; ‘‘(B) is in compliance with the defense busi-
ness enterprise architecture developed pursuant to subsection (d) or will be in compliance as a result of modifications planned; 
‘‘(C) has valid, achievable requirements; and ‘‘(D) is in compliance with the Department’s 
auditability requirements. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE OFFICIAL .—For purposes of 
paragraph (1), the appropriate approval official with respect to a covered defense business sys-tem is the following: 
‘‘(A) In the case of a system of a military de-
partment, the Chief Management Officer of that military department. 
‘‘(B) In the case of a system of a Defense 
Agency or Defense Field Activity or a system that will support the business process of more than one military department or Defense Agen-cy or Defense Field Activity, the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of De-fense. 
‘‘(C) In the case of any system, such official 
other than the applicable official under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) as the Secretary designates for such purpose. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—For any fiscal 
year in which funds are expended for develop-ment pursuant to a covered defense business system program, the Defense Business Council shall review the system and certify (or decline to certify as the case may be) that it continues to satisfy the requirements of paragraph (1). If the Council determines that certification cannot be granted, the chairman of the Council shall no-tify the appropriate approval official and the acquisition Milestone Decision Authority for the program and provide a recommendation for cor-rective action. 
‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION OF FUNDS IN VIOLATION OF  
REQUIREMENTS .—The obligation of Department 
of Defense funds for a covered defense business system program that has not been certified in accordance with paragraph (3) is a violation of section 1341(a)(1)(A) of title 31. 
‘‘(g) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF MILESTONE DECISION  
AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall ensure that, 
as part of the defense acquisition system, the re-quirements of this section are fully addressed by the Milestone Decision Authority for a covered defense business system program as acquisition process approvals are considered for such sys-tem. 
‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 
15 of each year from 2016 through 2020, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on activities of the Depart-ment of Defense pursuant to this section. Each report shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of actions taken and 
planned with respect to the guidance required by subsection (b) and the defense business enter-prise architecture developed pursuant to sub-section (d). 
‘‘(2) A description of actions taken and 
planned for the reengineering of business proc-esses by the Defense Business Council estab-lished pursuant to subsection (e). 
‘‘(3) A summary of covered defense business 
system funding and covered defense business systems approved pursuant to subsection (f). 
‘‘(4) Identification of any covered defense 
business system program that during the pre-ceding fiscal year was reviewed and not ap-proved pursuant to subsection (f) and the rea-sons for the lack of approval. 
‘‘(5) Identification of any covered defense 
business system program that during the pre-ceding fiscal year failed to achieve initial oper-ational capability within five years after the date the program received Milestone B approval. 
‘‘(6) For any program identified under para-
graph (5), a description of the plan to address the issues that caused the failure. 
‘‘(7) A discussion of specific improvements in 
business operations and cost savings resulting from successful covered defense business systems programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3043 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(8) A copy of the most recent report of the 
Chief Management Officer of each military de-partment on implementation of business trans-formation initiatives by such military depart-ment in accordance with section 908 of the Dun-can Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4569; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note). 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1)(A) D EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .—The term 
‘defense business system’ means an information system that is operated by, for, or on behalf of the Department of Defense, including any of the following: 
‘‘(i) A financial system. ‘‘(ii) A financial data feeder system. ‘‘(iii) A contracting system. ‘‘(iv) A logistics system. ‘‘(v) A planning and budgeting system. ‘‘(vi) An installations management system. 
‘‘(vii) A human resources management system. ‘‘(viii) A training and readiness system. ‘‘(B) The term does not include— ‘‘(i) a national security system; or ‘‘(ii) an information system used exclusively 
by and within the defense commissary system or the exchange system or other instrumentality of the Department of Defense conducted for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces using nonappropriated funds. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .—The 
term ‘covered defense business system’ means a defense business system that is expected to have a total amount of budget authority, over the pe-riod of the current future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title, in excess of the threshold established for the use of special simplified acquisition proce-dures pursuant to section 2304(g)(1)(B) of this title. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘covered defense business sys-
tem program’ means a defense acquisition pro-gram to develop and field a covered defense business system or an increment of a covered de-fense business system. 
‘‘(4) E
NTERPRISE ARCHITECTURE .—The term 
‘enterprise architecture’ has the meaning given that term in section 3601(4) of title 44. 
‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘infor-
mation system’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40. 
‘‘(6) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term 
‘national security system’ has the meaning given that term in section 3542(b)(2) of title 44. 
‘‘(7) M
ILESTONE DECISION AUTHORITY .—The 
term ‘Milestone Decision Authority’, with re-spect to a defense acquisition program, means the individual within the Department of Defense designated with the responsibility to grant mile-stone approvals for that program. 
‘‘(8) B
USINESS PROCESS MAPPING .—The term 
‘business process mapping’ means a procedure in which the steps in a business process are clari-fied and documented in both written form and in a flow chart.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘2222. Defense business systems: business 
process reengineering; enterprise architec-ture; management.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR GUIDANCE .—The guidance 
required by subsection (b)(1) of section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(1), shall be issued not later than De-cember 31, 2016. 
(c) R
EPEAL .—Section 811 of the John Warner 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 859. CONSIDERATION OF STRATEGIC MATE-
RIALS IN PRELIMINARY DESIGN RE-VIEW. 
(a) C ONSIDERATION .—The Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics shall ensure that Department of Defense In-struction 5000.02 and other applicable guidance receive full consideration, during preliminary 
design review for a product, with respect to any strategic materials required for sustainment of the product over the life cycle of the product. 
(b) S
TRATEGIC MATERIALS .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘strategic materials’’ means— 
(1) materials critical to national security, as 
defined in section 187(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code; and 
(2) any specialty metal, as defined in section 
2533b(l) of such title. 
SEC. 860. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONAL PROTEC-
TIVE EQUIPMENT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall use best value tradeoff source selection methods to the maximum extent practicable when procuring an item of personal protective equipment or critical safety items. 
(b) P
ERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘personal pro-
tective equipment’’ includes the following: 
(1) Body armor components. (2) Combat helmets. (3) Combat protective eyewear. (4) Environmental and fire resistant clothing. (5) Footwear. (6) Organizational clothing and individual 
equipment. 
(7) Other critical safety items as determined 
appropriate by the Secretary. 
SEC. 861. AMENDMENTS CONCERNING DETEC-
TION AND AVOIDANCE OF COUNTER-FEIT ELECTRONIC PARTS. 
Section 818(c)(2)(B) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘electronic’’ 
after ‘‘avoid counterfeit’’; 
(2) in clause (ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘covered’’ after ‘‘provided to 
the’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or were obtained by the cov-
ered contractor in accordance with regulations described in paragraph (3)’’ after ‘‘Regulation’’; and 
(3) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘discovers the 
counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counter-feit electronic parts and’’ after ‘‘contractor’’. 
SEC. 862. REVISION TO DUTIES OF THE DEPUTY 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR DEVELOPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION AND THE DEPUTY AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING. 
Section 139b of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘review 
and approve or disapprove’’ and inserting ‘‘ad-vise in writing the milestone decision authority regarding review and approval of’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in 
order to advise relevant technical authorities for such programs on the incorporation of best practices for developmental test from across the Department’’ after ‘‘programs’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘review 
and approve’’ and inserting ‘‘advise in writing the milestone decision authority regarding re-view and approval of’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in 
order to advise relevant technical authorities for such programs on the incorporation of best practices for systems engineering from across the Department’’ after ‘‘programs’’. 
SEC. 863. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON AGGRE-
GATE ANNUAL AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR CONTRACT SERVICES. 
Section 808 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112-81; 125 Stat. 1489), as most recently amended by section 813 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3429) is further amended— 
(1) in subsections (a) and (b), by striking ‘‘or 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, or 2016’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2015, and 2016’’; (3) in subsection (d)(4), by striking ‘‘or 2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2015, or 2016’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 864. USE OF LOWEST PRICE, TECHNICALLY 
ACCEPTABLE EVALUATION METHOD FOR PROCUREMENT OF AUDIT OR AUDIT READINESS SERVICES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Given the size and scope of the Department 
of Defense, the effort to finish and institu-tionalize auditability is one of the more chal-lenging management tasks that has ever faced the Department. 
(2) The acquisition of services by the Depart-
ment abides by many rules and parameters, one of which is the lowest price, technically accept-able (LPTA) evaluation method. 
(3) The Department’s audit effort is extremely 
complicated, requiring personnel and assistance who have the financial management and audi-tor skills that a non-independent public ac-counting firm or a non-credentialed firm offer-ing the lowest price may not have. 
(4) In order for the Department to meet the 
September 30, 2017, audit readiness statutory deadline and the March 31, 2019, audit of fiscal year 2018 statutory deadline, it is imperative that the Department not sacrifice contracts with firms who have the proper credentials and ex-pertise to meet these deadlines. 
(5) The LPTA evaluation method is appro-
priate for commercial or non-complex services or supplies where the requirement is clearly defin-able and the risk of unsuccessful contract per-formance is minimal. However, audit and audit readiness services are complex and evolving. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS BEFORE USING LPTA 
EVALUATION METHOD .—Before using the lowest 
price, technically acceptable evaluation method for the procurement of audit or audit readiness services, the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) establish the values and metrics for the 
services being procured, including domain ex-pertise and experience, size and scope of offeror’s team, personnel qualifications and cer-tifications, technology, and tools; and 
(2) review each offeror’s past performance re-
quirements. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 901. REDESIGNATION OF THE DEPARTMENT 
OF THE NAVY AS THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF  
THENAVY AS THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY 
ANDMARINE CORPS.— 
(1) R EDESIGNATION OF MILITARY DEPART -
MENT .—The military department designated as 
the Department of the Navy is redesignated as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
(2) R
EDESIGNATION OF SECRETARY AND OTHER  
STATUTORY OFFICES .— 
(A) S ECRETARY .—The position of the Secretary 
of the Navy is redesignated as the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
(B) O
THER STATUTORY OFFICES .—The posi-
tions of the Under Secretary of the Navy, the four Assistant Secretaries of the Navy, and the General Counsel of the Department of the Navy are redesignated as the Under Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps, the Assistant Secre-taries of the Navy and Marine Corps, and the General Counsel of the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps, respectively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 10, 
UNITED STATES CODE.— 
(1) D EFINITION OF ‘‘MILITARY DEPARTMENT ’’.— 
Paragraph (8) of section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(8) The term ‘military department’ means the 
Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps, and the Department of the Air Force.’’. 
(2) O
RGANIZATION OF DEPARTMENT .—The first 
sentence of section 5011 of such title is amended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3044 May 14, 2015 
to read as follows: ‘‘The Department of the 
Navy and Marine Corps is separately organized under the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps.’’. 
(3) P
OSITION OF SECRETARY .—Section 
5013(a)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘There is a Secretary of the Navy’’ and insert-ing ‘‘There is a Secretary of the Navy and Ma-rine Corps’’. 
(4) C
HAPTER HEADINGS .— 
(A) The heading of chapter 503 of such title is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘CHAPTER 503—DEPARTMENT OF THE 
NAVY AND MARINE CORPS’’. 
(B) The heading of chapter 507 of such title is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘CHAPTER 507—COMPOSITION OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS’’. 
(5) O
THER AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Title 10, United States Code, is amended 
by striking ‘‘Department of the Navy’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy’’ each place they appear other than as specified in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) (including in section headings, sub-section captions, tables of chapters, and tables of sections) and inserting ‘‘Department of the Navy and Marine Corps’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps’’, respectively, in each case with the matter inserted to be in the same typeface and typestyle as the matter stricken. 
(B)(i) Sections 5013(f), 5014(b)(2), 5016(a), 
5017(2), 5032(a), and 5042(a) of such title are amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretaries of the Navy’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretaries of the Navy and Marine Corps’’. 
(ii) The heading of section 5016 of such title, 
and the item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 503 of such title, are each amended by inserting ‘‘and Marine Corps’’ after ‘‘of the Navy’’, with the matter inserted in each case to be in the same typeface and typestyle as the matter amended. 
(c) O
THER PROVISIONS OF LAW AND OTHER 
REFERENCES .— 
(1) T ITLE 37 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘De-partment of the Navy’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy’’ each place they appear and inserting ‘‘Department of the Navy and Marine Corps’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps’’, respectively. 
(2) O
THER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any 
law other than in title 10 or title 37, United States Code, or in any regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States, to the Department of the Navy shall be considered to be a reference to the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. Any such reference to an of-fice specified in subsection (a)(2) shall be con-sidered to be a reference to that office as redes-ignated by that section. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section shall take ef-fect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 902. CHANGE OF PERIOD FOR CHAIRMAN OF 
THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RE-VIEW OF THE UNIFIED COMMAND PLAN. 
Section 161(b)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘two years’’ and inserting ‘‘four years’’. 
SEC. 903. UPDATE OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION 
OF FUNCTIONS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RE-LATING TO JOINT FORCE DEVELOP-MENT ACTIVITIES. 
Section 153(a)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) Advising the Secretary on development of 
joint command, control, communications, and cyber capability, including integration and interoperability of such capability, through re-quirements, integrated architectures, data standards, and assessments.’’. SEC. 904. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES MARINE CORPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) As senior United States statesman Dr. 
Henry Kissinger wrote in testimony submitted to the Senate Armed Services Committee on Janu-ary 29, 2015, ‘‘The United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’. 
(2) The rise of non-state forces and near peer 
competitors has introduced destabilizing pres-sures around the globe. 
(3) Advances in information and weapons 
technology have reduced the time available for the United States to prepare for and respond to crises against both known and unknown threats. 
(4) The importance of the maritime domain 
cannot be overstated. As acknowledged in the March 2015 Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard maritime strategy, ‘‘A Cooperative Strat-egy for 21st Century Seapower’’: ‘‘Oceans are the lifeblood of the interconnected global com-munity. . . 90 percent of trade by volume travels across the oceans. Approximately 70 percent of the world’s population lives within 100 miles of the coastline.’’. 
(5) The United States must be prepared to rap-
idly respond to crises around the world regard-less of the nation’s fiscal health. 
(6) In this global security environment, it is 
critical that the nation possess a maritime force whose mission and ethos is readiness—a fight tonight force, forward deployed, that can re-spond immediately to emergent crises across the full range of military operations around the globe either from the sea or home station. 
(7) The need for such a force was recognized 
by the 82nd Congress after the major wars of the twentieth century, when it mandated a core mis-sion for the nation’s leanest force—the Marine Corps—to be most ready when the nation is least ready. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .— 
(1) It is the sense of Congress that— (A) the Marine Corps, within the Department 
of the Navy, remain the Nation’s expeditionary, crisis response force; 
(B) the need for such a force with such a ca-
pability has never been greater; and 
(C) accordingly, in recognition of this need 
and the wisdom of the 82nd Congress, the 114th Congress reaffirms section 5063 of title 10, United States Code, uniquely charging the United States Marine Corps with this responsi-bility. 
(2) It is further the sense of Congress that the 
Marine Corps— 
(A) shall— (i) be organized to include not less than three 
combat divisions and three air wings, and such other land combat, aviation, and other services as may be organic therein; 
(ii) be organized, trained, and equipped to 
provide fleet marine forces of combined arms, to-gether with supporting air components, for serv-ice with the fleet in the seizure or defense of ad-vanced naval bases and for the conduct of such land operations as may be essential to the pros-ecution of a naval campaign; and 
(iii) provide detachments and organizations 
for service on armed vessels of the Navy, shall provide security detachments for the protection of naval property at naval stations and bases, and shall perform such other duties as the President may direct; 
but these additional duties may not detract from 
nor interfere with the operations for which the Marine Corps is primarily organized; 
(B) shall develop, in coordination with the 
Army and the Air Force, those phases of am-phibious operations that pertain to the tactics, techniques, and equipment used by landing forces; and 
(C) is responsible, in accordance with the inte-
grated joint mobilization plans, for the expan-sion of peacetime components of the Marine Corps to meet the needs of war. SEC. 905. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR 
STREAMLINING OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MANAGEMENT HEAD-QUARTERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) On July 31, 2013, the then Secretary of De-
fense stated that the Department would ‘‘reduc[e] the Department’s major headquarters budgets by 20 percent. . .Although the 20 per-cent cut applies to budget dollars, organizations will strive for a goal of 20 percent reductions in government civilians and military personnel.’’ The then Secretary further stated that ‘‘these management reforms. . .will reduce the Depart-ment’s overhead and operating costs by...$10 bil-lion over the next five years.’’. 
(2) Furthermore, the President’s budget re-
quest for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2015 stated that reductions to management headquarters staff and consolidation of duplica-tive efforts across the Department would result in a savings of $5.3 billion over 5 years—through fiscal year 2019. However, as noted by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office in a January 2015 report (GAO-15-10), the Department accounted for $5.3 billion as efficiency savings in its budget request, but has not provided specific details on the reductions to management headquarters’ staff it plans to make. 
(3) In June 2014, the Government Account-
ability Office found (in GAO-14-439) that the Department did not have an accurate account-ing of the resources being devoted to manage-ment headquarters to use as a starting point for tracking reductions to such headquarters. In April 2015, the Government Accountability Of-fice reported (in GAO-15-404SP) that focusing reductions on management headquarters budg-ets and personnel, which tend to be inconsist-ently defined and often represent a small por-tion of the overall headquarters, shields much of the resources identified for potential reduction. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense’s commitment in 
July 2013 to a goal of a 20 percent reduction in headquarters budgets and personnel and a goal of $10 billion in cost savings over five years is worthwhile and should be fully implemented; 
(2) without a clear baseline for management 
headquarters, it is difficult to demonstrate and track progress achieving actual savings; 
(3) any reduction in personnel should not be 
implemented as an across-the-board cut, but rather should be strategically designed to retain critical functions, capabilities, and skill sets— including but not limited to depots and the ac-quisition workforce—and eliminate unnecessary or redundant functions or skill sets that do not benefit or support mission requirements; 
(4) functions should be performed at the low-
est appropriate organizational level and those organizations should be empowered and held ac-countable; 
(5) duplicative functions at higher level orga-
nizations should be eliminated; and 
(6) the movement of a function from a man-
agement headquarters to a different Department of Defense organization or a lower level organi-zation does not result in an efficiency, since the same budget is still required to perform that function. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENT TO IMPLEMENT 20 P ERCENT  
REDUCTION IN MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS  
FUNCTIONS .—Section 904 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF MANAGEMENT HEAD-
QUARTERS REDUCTION .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall implement the 20 percent reduction directed by the Secretary in July 2013 in man-agement headquarters budget and personnel by September 30, 2019, for the covered organizations in the National Capital Region (as defined in section 2674(f) of title 10, United States Code). Such reductions shall be strategically designed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3045 May 14, 2015 
to retain critical functions, capabilities, and 
skill sets. Management, functions, programs, or offices shall be moved to the lowest appropriate organizational level. In any report issued pursu-ant to subsection (d), the Secretary may not claim a cost savings solely based on moving management, functions, programs, or offices from one organization to another.’’. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON WORKING -CAPITAL FUND 
POSITIONS .—Section 904 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON WORKING -CAPITAL FUND 
POSITIONS .—In implementing the 20 percent re-
duction referred to in subsection (e), the Sec-retary of Defense may not reduce the number of Department of Defense civilian employees whose salaries are funded from working-capital funds except in accordance with section 2472 of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
(e) C
HANGE IN DEADLINE FOR REQUIRED  
PLAN.—Section 904(a) of the such Act is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS OF PLAN.—Section 
904(b) of such Act is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respectively; 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so re-
designated, the following new paragraph (1): 
‘‘(1) An accurate baseline accounting of de-
fense headquarters budgets and personnel as of fiscal year 2014, including what is and is not in-cluded as part of management headquarters ac-counting, and a detailed description of the num-ber of personnel, budgets, functions, capabili-ties, and skill sets.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting ‘‘actual and’’ before 
‘‘planned changes’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘staffing’’ and inserting ‘‘per-
sonnel’’; and 
(C) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, set forth separately by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2019’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘description of the planned 
changes’’ and inserting ‘‘detailed description of the actual and planned changes’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, set forth separately by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2019’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015, and estimated savings to be achieved for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2014, and estimated savings to be achieved, along with associated changes or reductions in budget, for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2024’’. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL REPORT REQUIREMENTS .—Sec-
tion 904(d) of such Act is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘includ-
ing’’ and all that follows through the end of the subparagraph and inserting the following: ‘‘and specific detailed information on how the changes, consolidations, or reductions were prioritized and resulted in functions no longer being performed, in the fiscal year covered by such report.’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘, in-
cluding’’ and all that follows through ‘‘manage-ment review’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) A separate description of— ‘‘(i) the management functions, programs, or 
offices that were eliminated and how each rep-resents a redundant management or oversight function; and ‘‘(ii) the management, functions, programs, or 
offices that were moved, and how moving each will result in efficiency.’’. 
SEC. 906. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PERFORM-
ANCE MANAGEMENT AND WORK-FORCE INCENTIVE SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Section 1113 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) required the Department of Defense to institute a fair, credible, and transparent per-formance appraisal system, given the name ‘‘New Beginnings,’’ for employees, which— 
(A) links employee bonuses and other perform-
ance-based action to employee performance ap-praisals; 
(B) ensures ongoing performance feedback 
and dialogue among supervisors, managers, and employees throughout the appraisal period, with timetables for review; and 
(C) develops performance assistance plans to 
give employees formal training, on-the-job train-ing, counseling, mentoring, and other assist-ance. 
(2) The military components and defense 
agencies of the Department of Defense are cur-rently reviewing the proposed ‘‘New Begin-nings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system developed in response to sec-tion 1113 of Public Law 111–84. 
(3) The Department of Defense anticipates it 
will begin implementation of the ‘‘New Begin-nings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system in April 2016. 
(4) The authority provided in section 1113 of 
Public Law 111–84 provided the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, flexibilities in promulgating regulations to redesign the proce-dures which are applied by the Department of Defense in making appointments to positions within the competitive service in order to— 
(A) better meet mission needs; (B) respond to managers’ needs and the needs 
of applicants; 
(C) produce high-quality applicants; 
(D) support timely decisions; (E) uphold appointments based on merit sys-
tem principles; and 
(F) promote competitive job offers. (5) In implementing the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ 
performance management and workforce incen-tive system, section 113 of Public Law 111–84 re-quires the Secretary of Defense to comply with veterans’ preference requirements. 
(6) Among the criteria for the new perform-
ance management and workforce incentive sys-tem authorized under section 1113 of Public Law 111–84, the Secretary of Defense is required to— 
(A) adhere to merit principles; (B) include a means for ensuring employee in-
volvement (for bargaining unit employees, through their exclusive representatives) in the design and implementation of the performance management and workforce incentive system; 
(C) provide for adequate training and retrain-
ing for supervisors, managers, and employees in the implementation and operation of the per-formance management and workforce incentive system; 
(D) develop a comprehensive management suc-
cession program to provide training to employees to develop managers for the agency and a pro-gram to provide training to supervisors on ac-tions, options, and strategies a supervisor may use in administering the performance manage-ment and workforce incentive system; 
(E) include effective transparency and ac-
countability measures and safeguards to ensure that the management of the performance man-agement and workforce incentive system is fair, credible, and equitable, including appropriate independent reasonableness reviews, internal assessments, and employee surveys; 
(F) use the annual strategic workforce plan 
required by section 115b of title 10; and 
(G) ensure that adequate agency resources are 
allocated for the design, implementation, and administration of the performance management 
and workforce incentive system. 
(7) Section 1113 of Public Law 111–84 also re-
quires the Secretary of Defense to develop a pro-gram of training—to be completed by a super-visor every three years—on the actions, options, and strategies a supervisor may use in— 
(A) developing and discussing relevant goals 
and objectives with the employee, commu-nicating and discussing progress relative to per-formance goals and objectives, and conducting performance appraisals; 
(B) mentoring and motivating employees, and 
improving employee performance and produc-tivity; 
(C) fostering a work environment character-
ized by fairness, respect, equal opportunity, and attention to the quality of the work of employ-ees; 
(D) effectively managing employees with un-
acceptable performance; 
(E) addressing reports of a hostile work envi-
ronment, reprisal, or harassment of or by an-other supervisor or employee; and 
(F) allowing experienced supervisors to mentor 
new supervisors by sharing knowledge and ad-vice in areas such as communication, critical thinking, responsibility, flexibility, motivating employees, teamwork, leadership, and profes-sional development, and pointing out strengths and areas of development. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should proceed with the collaborative work with em-ployee representatives on the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incen-tive system and begin implementation of the new system at the earliest possible date. 
SEC. 907. GUIDELINES FOR CONVERSION OF 
FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY CIVIL-IAN OR CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL TO PERFORMANCE BY MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Section 129a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES FOR PERFORMANCE OF CER-
TAIN FUNCTIONS BY MILITARY PERSONNEL .—(1) 
Except as provided in paragraph (2), no func-tions performed by civilian personnel or contrac-tors may be converted to performance by mili-tary personnel unless— 
‘‘(A) there is a direct link between the func-
tions to be performed and a military occupa-tional specialty; and 
‘‘(B) the conversion to performance by mili-
tary personnel is cost effective, based on Depart-ment of Defense instruction 7041.04 (or any suc-cessor administrative regulation, directive, or policy). 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the fol-
lowing functions: 
‘‘(A) Functions required by law or regulation 
to be performed by military personnel. 
‘‘(B) Functions related to— ‘‘(i) missions involving operation risks and 
combatant status under the Law of War; 
‘‘(ii) specialized collective and individual 
training requiring military-unique knowledge and skills based on recent operational experi-ence; 
‘‘(iii) independent advice to senior civilian 
leadership in the Department of Defense requir-ing military-unique knowledge and skills based on recent operational experience; and 
‘‘(iv) command and control arrangements 
under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the 
Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3046 May 14, 2015 
available to the Department of Defense in this 
division for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any sub-divisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the au-thority of this section may not exceed $5,000,000,000. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer 
of funds between military personnel authoriza-tions under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). 
(b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by 
subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— 
(1) may only be used to provide authority for 
items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and 
(2) may not be used to provide authority for 
an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. 
(c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A 
transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. 
(d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall 
promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS TO 
THE NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION TO SUSTAIN NU-CLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION AND NAVAL REACTORS. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—If the amount 
authorized to be appropriated for the weapons activities of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration under section 3101 or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 is less than $8,900,000,000 (the amount projected to be re-quired for such activities in fiscal year 2016 as specified in the report under section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2549)), the Secretary of Defense may transfer, from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 pur-suant to this Act, to the Secretary of Energy an amount, not to exceed $150,000,000, to be avail-able only for naval reactors or weapons activi-ties of the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. 
(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—In the event of a 
transfer under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall promptly notify Congress of the transfer, and shall include in such notice the Department of Defense account or accounts from which funds are transferred. 
(c) T
RANSFER MECHANISM .—Any funds trans-
ferred under this section shall be transferred in accordance with established procedures for re-programming under section 1001 or successor provisions of law. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—The trans-
fer authority provided under subsection (a) is in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided under this Act. 
SEC. 1003. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS TO VALUE 
CERTAIN PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT ITEMS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN ACCOUNTING  
STANDARDS .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
work in coordination with the Federal Account-ing Standards Advisory Board to establish ac-counting standards to value large and unordinary general property, plant, and equip-ment items. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—The accounting standards re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be established by not later than September 30, 2017, and be avail-able for use for the full audit on the financial statements of the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2018, as required by section 1003(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 842; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note). 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
SEC. 1011. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-
VIDE ADDITIONAL SUPPORT FOR COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES OF CER-TAIN FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 
1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1881), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 844), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF SUPPORT .—Sub-
section (e)(2) of such section 1033, as so amend-ed, is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 1012. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON PLAN CEN-
TRAL AMERICA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) The stability and security of Central Amer-
ican nations have a direct impact on the sta-bility and security of the United States. 
(2) Over the past decade, stability and in-
creased security in the Republic of Colombia has pushed illicit trafficking to Central America bringing increased violence and instability. 
(3) Much of Central America has seen spikes 
in violence and homicides. In fiscal year 2013, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime released its Global Study on Homicide 2013. Four of the top five countries with the highest homi-cide rates in the world were Central American nations including Honduras, Belize, El Sal-vador, and Guatemala. 
(4) In calendar year 2014, approximately 
65,000 unaccompanied alien children from Cen-tral America entered the United States through its southwest border. This number of such chil-dren who enter the United States during cal-endar year 2015 is expected to be approximately the same. 
(5) The southwest border of the United States 
continues to be porous to illicit trafficking of narcotics, weapons, cash, and people. 
(6) In November 2014, Guatemala, Honduras, 
and El Salvador announced a Plan for the Alli-ance for Prosperity of the Northern Triangle. This plan is a comprehensive approach to ad-dress the ongoing violence and instability facing these three nations by stimulating economic op-portunities, improving public safety and rule of law, and strengthening institutions to increase trust in the state. 
(7) The United States Government has stated 
its support for the Alliance for Prosperity and included in the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request $1,000,000,000 in Department of State funds, to support the strategy for United States engagement in Central America. Accord-ing to the strategy, this funding will be focused on promoting prosperity and regional economic integration, enhancing security, and promoting improved governance. 
(8) None of the President’s $1,000,000,000 
budget request for the strategy for United States engagement in Central America includes any funding for Department of Defense programs in the region. 
(9) The Department of Defense provides train-
ing, equipment, education, and interdiction ef-forts to address security challenges in Central America through detection and monitoring of il-licit trafficking, assistance in illicit trafficking interdictions, and building partnership capac-ities. 
(10) The Department of Defense through its 
roles and missions, is executing a plan to ad-dress security challenges in Central America in conjunction with the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It shall be the policy of the 
United States to prioritize a Plan Central Amer-ica to address the threatening levels of violence, 
instability, illicit trafficking, and transnational organized crime that challenge the sovereignty of Central American nations and security of the United States. In order to address such issues, the Department of Defense shall— 
(1) increase the efforts of the Department of 
Defense as the lead agency to detect and mon-itor the aerial and maritime illicit trafficking into the United States; 
(2) increase the efforts of the Department of 
Defense to support aerial and maritime illicit trafficking interdiction efforts; 
(3) increase the efforts of the Department of 
Defense to build partnership capacity with part-ner nations in Central America to confront secu-rity challenges through increased training op-portunities, education, and exercises; 
(4) enforce human rights requirements con-
sistent with section 2249e of title 10, United States Code, and increase the training and edu-cation regarding human rights provided in Cen-tral American nations; and 
(5) support interagency efforts in Central 
America addressing all levels of instability in-cluding development, education, economic, po-litical, and security challenges. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1021. RESTRICTIONS ON THE OVERHAUL 
AND REPAIR OF VESSELS IN FOR-EIGN SHIPYARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7310(b)(1) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
‘‘(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), in the case’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘during the 15-month’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘United States)’’; 
(3) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, other than in the case of voy-age repairs’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) The Secretary of the Navy may waive the 
application of subparagraph (A) to a contract award if the Secretary determines that the waiv-er is essential to the national security interests of the United States.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the later of the following dates: 
(1) The date of the enactment of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. 
(2) October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 1022. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIM-
BURSEMENT OF EXPENSES FOR CER-TAIN NAVY MESS OPERATIONS AFLOAT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (b) of section 1014 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4585), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383, 124 Stat. 4348), is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CLARIFYING AMEND -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘not more that’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Naval ves-
sels’’ and inserting ‘‘such vessels’’. 
SEC. 1023. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIRE-
MENT OR INACTIVATION OF TICON-DEROGA CLASS CRUISERS OR DOCK LANDING SHIPS. 
(a) L IMITATION ON THE AVAILABILITY OF  
FUNDS.—Except as otherwise provided in this 
section, none of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, inactivate, or place in storage a cruiser or dock landing ship. 
(b) C
RUISER MODERNIZATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3047 May 14, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As provided by section 1026 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3490), the Secretary of the Navy shall begin the modernization of two cruisers during fiscal year 2016 only after the receipt of the materiel re-quired to begin such modernization. Such mod-ernization shall include— 
(A) hull, mechanical, and electrical upgrades; 
and 
(B) combat systems modernizations. (2) D
URATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the time period for such mod-ernization shall not exceed two years. 
(B) E
XTENSION .—If the Secretary of the Navy 
determines that the scope of the modernization cannot be reasonably completed in two years, the Secretary may extend the time period under subparagraph (A) for an additional six months. If the Secretary issues such an extension, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees notice of the extension and the reasons the Secretary made such determination. 
(3) D
ELAY.—The Secretary of the Navy may 
delay the modernization required under para-graph (1) if the materiel required to begin the modernization has not been received. 
SEC. 1024. LIMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS 
FOR REMOVAL OF BALLISTIC MIS-SILE DEFENSE CAPABILITIES FROM TICONDEROGA CLASS CRUISERS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used to remove ballistic missile defense capabilities from any of the 5 Ticonderoga class cruisers equipped with such capabilities until the Secretary of the Navy certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that the Navy has— 
(1) obtained the ballistic missile capabilities 
required by the most recent Navy Force Struc-ture Assessment; or 
(2) determined to upgrade such cruisers with 
an equal or improved ballistic missile defense ca-pability. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. PERMANENT AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE 
REWARDS THROUGH GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OF ALLIED FORCES AND CERTAIN OTHER MODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PRO-GRAM TO PROVIDE REWARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 127b(c)(3) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D). (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The section heading 
for section 127b of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 127b. Department of Defense rewards pro-
gram’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 127b and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘127b. Department of Defense rewards pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 1032. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF 
SENSITIVE MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
Section 130f of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
SEC. 1033. REPEAL OF SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON 
OBLIGATION AND EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR COMBATING TERRORISM PROGRAM. 
Section 229 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). SEC. 1034. REPORTS TO CONGRESS ON CONTACT 
BETWEEN TERRORISTS AND INDI-VIDUALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) Section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appro-
priations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1874; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is amended by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new para-graphs: 
‘‘(6) A summary of all contact by any means 
of communication, including telecommuni-cations, electronic or technical means, in per-son, written communications, or any other means of communication, regardless of content, between any individual formerly detained at Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any individual known or suspected to be associ-ated with a foreign terrorist group. 
‘‘(7) A description of whether any of the con-
tact described in the summary required by para-graph (6) included any information or discus-sion about hostilities against the United States or its allies or partners.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to terminate, alter, modify, override, or otherwise affect any reporting of in-formation required under section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1874; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) prior to the enactment of this section. 
SEC. 1035. INCLUSION IN REPORTS TO CONGRESS 
INFORMATION ABOUT RECIDIVISM OF INDIVIDUALS FORMERLY DE-TAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appropria-
tions Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1874; 10 U.S.C. 801 note), as amended by section 1034, is further amended by inserting after para-graph (7), as added by such section, the fol-lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(8) For each individual described in para-
graph (4), the period of time between the date on which the individual was released or trans-ferred from Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and the date on which it is confirmed that the individual is suspected or confirmed of reengaging in terrorist activities. 
‘‘(9) The average period of time described in 
paragraph (8) for all the individuals described in paragraph (4).’’. 
SEC. 1036. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FUNDS 
FOR THE TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or 
otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, re-lease, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a member 
of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after January 20, 2009, 
at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1037. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection 
(a) shall not apply to any modification of facili-ties at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
(c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual 
detained at Guantanamo’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1039(f)(2). 
SEC. 1038. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO COMBAT ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used, during the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the trans-fer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to a combat zone. 
(b) C
OMBAT ZONEDEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘combat zone’’ means any area des-ignated as a combat zone for purposes of section 112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 112) for which the income of a member of the Armed Forces was excluded during 2014, 2015, or 2016 by reason of the member’s service on active duty in such area. 
SEC. 1039. REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFICATIONS 
RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF DE-TAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND OTHER FOREIGN ENTITIES. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED PRIOR TO TRANS-
FER.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) and subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense may not use any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise available to the Department of Defense during the period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer any individual detained at Guantanamo to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity unless the Secretary submits to Congress the certification described in sub-section (b) not later than 30 days before the transfer of the individual. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guanta-namo to effectuate an order affecting the dis-position of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify Congress of promptly after issuance). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—A certification described 
in this subsection is a written certification made by the Secretary of Defense that— 
(1) the government of the foreign country or 
the recognized leadership of the foreign entity to which the individual detained at Guantanamo is to be transferred— 
(A) is not a designated state sponsor of ter-
rorism or a designated foreign terrorist organi-zation; 
(B) maintains control over each detention fa-
cility in which the individual is to be detained if the individual is to be housed in a detention facility; 
(C) is not, as of the date of the certification, 
facing a threat that is likely to substantially af-fect its ability to exercise control over the indi-vidual; 
(D) has taken or agreed to take effective ac-
tions to ensure that the individual cannot take action to threaten the United States, its citizens, or its allies in the future; 
(E) has taken or agreed to take such actions 
as the Secretary of Defense determines are nec-essary to ensure that the individual cannot en-gage or reengage in any terrorist activity; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3048 May 14, 2015 
(F) has agreed to share with the United States 
any information that— 
(i) is related to the individual or any associ-
ates of the individual; and 
(ii) could affect the security of the United 
States, its citizens, or its allies; and 
(2) includes an assessment, in classified or un-
classified form, of the capacity, willingness, and past practices (if applicable) of the foreign country or entity in relation to the Secretary’s certifications. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION IN CASES OF PRIOR CON-
FIRMED RECIDIVISM .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) and subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense may not use any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense to transfer any indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity if there is a confirmed case of any indi-vidual who was detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, at any time after September 11, 2001, who was transferred to such foreign country or entity and subsequently engaged in any terrorist activity. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guanta-namo to effectuate an order affecting the dis-position of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify Congress of promptly after issuance). 
(d) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may waive the applicability to a detainee trans-fer of a certification requirement specified in subparagraph (D) or (E) of subsection (b)(1) or the prohibition in subsection (c), if the Secretary certifies the rest of the criteria required by sub-section (b) for transfers prohibited by (c) and determines that— 
(A) alternative actions will be taken to ad-
dress the underlying purpose of the requirement or requirements to be waived; 
(B) in the case of a waiver of subparagraph 
(D) or (E) of subsection (b)(1), it is not possible to certify that the risks addressed in the para-graph to be waived have been completely elimi-nated, but the actions to be taken under sub-paragraph (A) will substantially mitigate such risks with regard to the individual to be trans-ferred; 
(C) in the case of a waiver of subsection (c), 
the Secretary has considered any confirmed case in which an individual who was transferred to the country subsequently engaged in terrorist activity, and the actions to be taken under sub-paragraph (A) will substantially mitigate the risk of recidivism with regard to the individual to be transferred; and 
(D) the transfer is in the national security in-
terests of the United States. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Whenever the Secretary makes 
a determination under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, not later than 30 days before the transfer of the individual concerned, the fol-lowing: 
(A) A copy of the determination and the waiv-
er concerned. 
(B) A statement of the basis for the determina-
tion, including— 
(i) an explanation why the transfer is in the 
national security interests of the United States; 
(ii) in the case of a waiver of paragraph (D) 
or (E) of subsection (b)(1), an explanation why it is not possible to certify that the risks ad-dressed in the paragraph to be waived have been completely eliminated; and 
(iii) a classified summary of— (I) the individual’s record of cooperation 
while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
(II) the agreements and mechanisms in place 
to provide for continuing cooperation. (C) A summary of the alternative actions to be 
taken to address the underlying purpose of, and to mitigate the risks addressed in, the paragraph or subsection to be waived. 
(D) The assessment required by subsection 
(b)(2). 
(e) R
ECORD OF COOPERATION .—In assessing 
the risk that an individual detained at Guanta-namo will engage in terrorist activity or other actions that could affect the security of the United States if released for the purpose of mak-ing a certification under subsection (b) or a waiver under subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense may give favorable consideration to any such individual— 
(1) who has substantially cooperated with 
United States intelligence and law enforcement authorities, pursuant to a pre-trial agreement, while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
(2) for whom agreements and effective mecha-
nisms are in place, to the extent relevant and necessary, to provide for continued cooperation with United States intelligence and law enforce-ment authorities. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(3) The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ 
means any organization so designated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
(g) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED REQUIREMENTS  
ANDLIMITATIONS .—Section 1035 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1040. SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF CER-
TAIN DOCUMENTS RELATING TO TRANSFER OF INDIVIDUALS DE-TAINED AT GUANTANAMO TO QATAR. 
(a) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees and the Committees on the Ju-diciary of the Senate and House of Representa-tives all covered correspondence. 
(b) C
OVERED CORRESPONDENCE .—For purposes 
of this section, the term ‘‘covered correspond-ence’’— 
(1) means any correspondence between the De-
partment of Defense and the Department of Jus-tice or any other agency or entity of the United States Government that— 
(A) relates to the transfer of individuals de-
tained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to Qatar; 
(B) is dated any time between January 1, 2013, 
and June 1, 2014; and 
(C) is in the custody of the Department of Jus-
tice or the Department of Defense; and 
(2) includes— (A) all relevant correspondence, including the 
email exchange described in June 11, 2014, testi-mony to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives by the Secretary of Defense and the General Counsel of the Depart-
ment of Defense; and 
(B) any analysis of— (i) section 1035 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note); 
(ii) section 8111 of the Consolidated Appro-
priations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 131); 
(iii) section 1341 of title 31, United States Code 
(popularly known as ‘‘the Antideficiency Act’’); or 
(iv) Article II of the Constitution. (c) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS.—Of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available for the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense for fiscal year 2016, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date of the submission of all covered correspondence. 
SEC. 1041. SUBMISSION OF UNREDACTED COPIES 
OF DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO TO QATAR. 
(a) U NREDACTED DOCUMENTS REQUIRED .— 
(1) F UTURE SUBMISSIONS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit an unredacted copy of any document submitted to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in re-sponse to a request from the Committee dated June 9, 2014, for information regarding the transfer of five individuals from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Qatar. 
(2) P
RIOR SUBMISSIONS .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives an unredacted copy of any re-dacted document that was submitted, before the date of the enactment of this Act, in response to a request dated June 9, 2014, for information re-garding the transfer of five individuals from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Qatar. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS.—Of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available for the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense for fiscal year 2016, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date of the submission of all documents required to be submitted under subsection (a)(2). 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
SEC. 1051. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITY OF 
SECRETARY OF NAVY TO USE NA-TIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2218a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘national 
sea-based deterrence vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘a class of twelve national sea-based deterrence vessels, and cross-program coordinated procure-ment efforts with other nuclear powered ves-sels’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘and cross pro-gram coordinated procurement efforts with other nuclear powered vessels’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as 
subsections (j) and (l), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTO ECONOMIC  
ORDER QUANTITY CONTRACTS .—(1) The Sec-
retary of the Navy may use funds deposited in the Fund to enter into contracts known as ‘eco-nomic order quantity contracts’ with private shipyards and other commercial or government entities to achieve economic efficiencies based on production economies for major components or subsystems. The authority under this sub-section extends to the procurement of parts, components, and systems (including weapon systems) common with and required for other nuclear powered vessels under joint economic order quantity contracts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3049 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(2) A contract entered into under paragraph 
(1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the con-tract is subject to the availability of appropria-tions for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY TO BEGIN MANUFACTURING  
ANDFABRICATION EFFORTS PRIOR TO SHIPAU-
THORIZATION .—(1) The Secretary of the Navy 
may use funds deposited into the Fund to enter into contracts for advance construction of na-tional sea-based deterrence vessels to support achieving cost savings through workload man-agement, manufacturing efficiencies, or work-force stability, or to phase fabrication activities within shipyard and manage sub-tier manufac-turer capacity. 
‘‘(2) A contract entered into under paragraph 
(1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the con-tract is subject to the availability of appropria-tions for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORITY TO USEINCREMENTAL FUND-
ING TO ENTER INTO CONTRACTS FOR CERTAIN  
ITEMS.—(1) The Secretary of the Navy may use 
funds deposited into the Fund to enter into in-crementally funded contracts for advance pro-curement of high value, long lead time items for nuclear powered vessels to better support con-struction schedules and achieve cost savings through schedule reductions and properly phased installment payments. 
‘‘(2) A contract entered into under paragraph 
(1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the con-tract is subject to the availability of appropria-tions for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. 
‘‘(i) F
ACILITIES FUNDING .—The Secretary of 
the Navy may use funds deposited into the Fund to provide incentives for investments in critical infrastructure at nuclear capable ship-yards and critical sub-tier vendors. Addition-ally, the Secretary of the Navy may use such funds for certain cancellation costs in the event of significant changes to the Long Range Ship-building Strategy for nuclear powered vessels.’’; 
(5) by inserting after subsection (j), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (3), the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—(1) The Secretary 
of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees, by March 1, 2016, and an-
nually through the year 2025, a report on the Fund. Each such report shall identify sepa-rately the amount allocated by ship for pro-grams, projects, and activities for construction (including design of vessels), purchase, alter-ation, and conversion. At a minimum, each such report shall include— 
‘‘(A) information about the activities carried 
out using funds deposited into the Fund during the fiscal year covered by the report, including the status of class design and construction ef-forts, including programmatic schedules, pro-curement schedules, and funding requirements. 
‘‘(B) a plan detailing forecasted obligations 
and expenditures for construction (including de-sign of vessels), purchase, alteration, and con-version of vessels by ship for the fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year during which the report is submitted; and 
‘‘(C) the identification of the stable need and 
design for items, together with a description of any savings associated with the authorities pro-vided in subsections (e) and (f), as documented in cost estimates. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Navy shall provide 
to the congressional defense committees notice in writing at least 30 days before executing any significant deviation to the annual plan re-quired under paragraph (1)(B).’’; and (6) in subsection (m), as so redesignated, by 
adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) The term ‘advance construction’ means 
shipyard manufacturing and fabrication activi-ties (including sub-tier manufacturing of major components or subsystems).’’. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN UNOBLIGATED  
FUNDS FOR TRANSFER .—Section 1022(b)(1) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3487) is amended by striking ‘‘for the Navy for the Ohio Replacement Program’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Department of Defense’’. 
SEC. 1052. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXCESS 
PROPERTY PROGRAM. 
(a) W EBSITE REQUIRED .—Section 2576a of title 
10, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) P
UBLICLY ACCESSIBLE WEBSITE .—(1) The 
Secretary of Defense, acting through the Direc-tor of the Defense Logistics Agency, shall create and maintain a publicly available Internet website that provides information on the prop-erty transferred under this section and the re-cipients of such property. 
‘‘(2) The contents of the Internet website re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall include all un-classified information pertaining to the request, transfer, denial, and repossession of controlled property under this section, including— 
‘‘(A) a current inventory of all controlled 
property transferred to law enforcement agen-cies under this section, listed by recipient, that includes the recipient’s location, by county and State, and the year of the transfer; 
‘‘(B) all outstanding requests for transfers of 
controlled property under this section; and 
‘‘(C) information provided by the law enforce-
ment agencies requesting transfers referred to in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary may not authorize the 
transfer of any property under this section to a Federal or State agency to which property has been transferred previously unless the agency submits to the Secretary for publication on the Internet website required under paragraph (1) each of the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of any controlled property 
transferred to the agency under this section, which shall be submitted by not later than 30 days after the date on which the agency takes possession of the property. 
‘‘(B) An annual report on the use of any con-
trolled property so transferred to the agency, in-cluding a description of the context in which the property was used. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may not authorize the 
transfer of any property under this section to a Federal or State agency until 30 days after a re-quest for the transfer has been published on the Internet website required under paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Subsection 
(b) of such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) in the case of property that is controlled 
property, the recipient submits to the Secretary written notice of the intent of the recipient to apply for the controlled property, including au-thorization of such application by the entity charged with legal oversight of the recipient agency; and 
‘‘(6) the recipient agency is located in a State 
with a State coordinator for the program under this section who— 
‘‘(A) has law enforcement experience and is 
employed by a law enforcement agency or entity with oversight of law enforcement functions; 
‘‘(B) serves as the custodian of controlled 
property transferred to recipients located in that State; and 
‘‘(C) has the authority to non-concur with 
proposed uses of such property.’’. (c) D
EFINITION OF CONTROLLED PROPERTY .— 
Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) C
ONTROLLED PROPERTY .—In this section, 
the term ‘controlled property’ means any item assigned a demilitarization code of B, C, D, E, F, G, or Q under Department of Defense Man-ual 4160.21-M, ‘Defense Materiel Disposition Manual’, or any successor document.’’. 
(d) E
XAMINATION OF TRAINING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Director of the Defense Logistics 
Agency shall enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development cen-ter to conduct an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under sec-tion 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section. Such assessment shall include an evaluation of the policies and con-trols governing the determination of the suit-ability of recipients of controlled property trans-ferred under the program, including specific rec-ommendations relating to the training that law enforcement agencies that receive such property should receive, at no cost to the Department of Defense, to ensure end-user proficiency in the use, maintenance, and sustainment of such property. 
(e) O
NE-YEAR MANDATORY USEPOLICY AS-
SESSMENT .—The Director of the Defense Logis-
tics Agency shall enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the conduct of an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, to determine if the requirement that all controlled property transferred under the pro-gram be used within one year of being trans-ferred is achieving its intended effect. Such as-sessment shall also include recommendations on process improvement, including legislative pro-posals. 
(f) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .—Not 
later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property pro-gram under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. Such assessment shall include— 
(1) an evaluation of the transfer of controlled 
property under the program, including the man-ner in which the property was used in commu-nity law enforcement and the effectiveness of the Internet website required under subsection (e) of section 2576a, as added by subsection (a), in providing transparency to the public; and 
(2) a determination of whether the transfer of 
property under the program enhances the abil-ity of law enforcement agencies to carry out counter-drug and counter-terrorism activities in accordance with the purposes of the program as set forth in section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1053. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF CER-
TAIN AH–64 APACHE HELICOPTERS FROM ARMY NATIONAL GUARD TO REGULAR ARMY AND RELATED PER-SONNEL LEVELS. 
Section 1712(b) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended by striking ‘‘before March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘before the later of March 31, 2016, or the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date on which the congres-sional defense committees receive the report of the Commission under section 1703(c)’’. 
SEC. 1054. SPACE AVAILABLE TRAVEL FOR ENVI-
RONMENTAL MORALE LEAVE BY CERTAIN SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF DEPLOYED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall revise the Air 
Transportation Eligibility Regulation, DOD 4515.13-R, to authorize space-available travel for environmental morale leave by unaccompanied spouses and dependent children of members of the Armed Forces who are deployed for at least 30 consecutive days under priority category IV. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3050 May 14, 2015 
The Secretary shall also update any other in-
structions, directives, or internal policies nec-essary to facilitate such revision. 
SEC. 1055. INFORMATION-RELATED AND STRA-
TEGIC COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILI-TIES ENGAGEMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may carry out a pilot program or multiple pilot programs under which the Sec-retary assesses information-related and strategic communications capabilities to support the tac-tical, operational, and strategic requirements of the geographic and functional combatant com-manders, including the urgent and emergent operational needs and the operational and the-ater security cooperation plans of such combat-ant commanders, to further United States na-tional security objectives and strategic commu-nications requirements. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Any pilot program carried out 
under subsection (a) shall include each of the following elements: 
(1) Clearly defined goals and end-state objec-
tives for the pilot program, including the traceability of such goals and objectives to the tactical, operational, or strategic requirements of the combatant commanders. 
(2) A process for measuring the performance 
and effectiveness of the pilot program. 
(3) A demonstration of a technology capability 
or concept to support the tactical, operational, or strategic needs of the combatant commanders. 
(4) Supporting activities and coordinating ele-
ments with joint, interagency, intergovern-mental, and multinational partners. 
(c) G
OVERNANCE .—The Secretary shall create 
a governance structure for executing any pilot program carried out under subsection (a) that allows for centralized oversight and planning of the program with program execution decentral-ized to the combatant commands. The Secretary shall provide a written charter for such a gov-ernance structure by not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Sec-retary decides to carry out such a pilot program. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION REQUIRED .—By not later 
than 14 days after the date on which the Sec-retary decides to carry out a pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees written notice of the decision. Such notice shall include the scope of activities, funding required, spon-soring combatant commander, anticipated par-ticipants, and expected duration of the pilot program. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to carry out 
a pilot program under this section shall termi-nate on September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 1056. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
RETIREMENT OF HELICOPTER SEA COMBAT SQUADRON 84 AND 85 AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Navy may be obligated or expended to— 
(1) retire, prepare to retire, transfer, or place 
in storage any Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 84 (HSC 84) or Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 85 (HSC-85) aircraft; or 
(2) make any changes to manning levels with 
respect to any HSC-84 or HSC-85 aircraft squad-ron. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may 
waive subsection (a), if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has— 
(1) conducted a cost-benefit analysis identi-
fying savings to Department of the Navy regard-ing decommissioning or deactivation of an HSC- 84 or HSC-85 squadron; 
(2) identified a replacement capability to meet 
all operational requirements, including special operational-peculiar requirements of the com-batant commands, currently being met by the HSC-84 or HSC-85 squadrons and aircraft to be retired, transferred, or placed in storage; and (3) deployed such capability. 
SEC. 1057. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DESTRUCTION OF CER-TAIN LANDMINES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided under 
subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the destruction of anti-personnel landmines of the United States (as defined in the announcement of the President on September 23, 2014) until— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense publishes a com-
prehensive study on— 
(A) the tactical and operational effects of a 
ban on such landmines; and 
(B) the current state of research into oper-
ational alternatives to such landmines; 
(2) such alternatives are specifically author-
ized by law and provided appropriations; 
(3) such alternatives are fully deployed; (4) members of the Armed Forces of the United 
States and allies of the United States are trained in the use of such alternatives; and 
(5) the Secretary certifies to the congressional 
defense committees that the replacement of such landmines by such alternatives will not endan-ger members of the Armed Forces of the United States or allies of the United States or pose any operational challenges and that adequate stock-piles and manufacturing capacity exists to meet the needs of the Armed Forces of the United States and allies of the United States in current deployments and anticipated contingencies. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FOR SAFETY .—The limitation 
under subsection (a) shall not apply to any anti-personnel land mine that the Secretary cer-tifies has become unsafe or poses a safety risk if not demilitarized or destroyed. 
SEC. 1058. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR MODIFYING COMMAND AND CONTROL OF UNITED STATES PACIFIC FLEET. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 may be obligated or expended to mod-ify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and adminis-trative control of Navy forces assigned to the Pacific Fleet. The command and control rela-tionships in effect on October 1, 2004, shall re-main in effect unless a change to such relation-ships is specifically authorized by a law. 
SEC. 1059. PROHIBITION ON THE CLOSURE OF 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) The United States military presence in the 
Republic of Cuba began in 1898, and United States military basing began in Cuba in 1903. 
(2) In 1934, the United States and Cuba en-
tered into the Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934. Under Article III, the treaty stipulates the perpetual lease agreement between the United States and Cuba for the 45 square miles of land encompassing Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(3) On March 12, 2015, Commander of United 
States Southern Command, General John Kelly, testified before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, highlighting, ‘‘Its [Naval Station Guantanamo Bay] airfield and port facilities are indispensable to the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and State’s operational and contingency plans. . . As the only permanent U.S. military base in Latin America and the Caribbean, its location provides persistent U.S. presence and immediate access to the region, as well as supporting a layered defense to secure the air and maritime approaches to the United States’’. 
(4) Former Commander of United States 
Southern Command, retired Admiral James Stavridis, recently stated ‘‘Guantanamo Bay Naval Station has immense strategic value above and beyond its reputation as a detention facil-ity. It is the logistic, planning, surveillance and 
basing linchpin for the U.S. Fourth Fleet, cru-cial to the military for disaster relief, humani-tarian work, medical diplomacy, and counter-narcotics, all key missions for the U.S. Navy in 
Latin America and the Caribbean. The U.S. should do all in its power to maintain its legal control over the base’’. 
(5) In testimony in front of the Committee on 
Armed Services of the House of Representatives in 2012, then-Commander of United States Southern Command, General Douglas Fraser, stated, ‘‘Absent a detention facility and even following the eventual demise of the Castro re-gime, the strategic capability provided by the U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay remains essential for executing national priorities throughout the Caribbean, Latin America, and South America’’. 
(6) As part of ‘‘normalizing’’ relations with 
the government of Cuba, announced in Decem-ber 2014, ongoing negotiations are occurring to determine the diplomatic framework between the governments of the United States and Cuba. 
(7) In January 2015, soon after negotiations 
began between the United States and Cuba, Cuban President Raul Castro demanded the re-turn of United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to Cuba. 
(8) In February 2015, Assistant Secretary of 
State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Roberta Jacobson, in testimony in front of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Representa-tives, stated that the return of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is ‘‘not on the table in these conversations’’, referencing current diplomatic negotiations. Later in her testimony Assistant Secretary Jacobson pointed out, referring to the possible closure of the Naval Station, that she is not a ‘‘high enough ranking person to know. . .whether it could be in the future’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the strategic, logistic, and postural signifi-
cance of United States Naval Station Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, is vital to the security of the United States; and 
(2) the United States must not relinquish con-
trol of Guantanamo Bay to the Republic of Cuba. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—United States Naval Sta-
tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, may not be closed or abandoned, and the President shall ensure that the obligations of the United States under Article III of the Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Wash-ington, D.C. on May 29, 1934 are met, including the payment of the annual lease sum to the gov-ernment of Cuba, unless otherwise specifically provided— 
(1) by law; (2) in a treaty that is ratified with the advice 
and consent of the Senate; or 
(3) by a modification of the Treaty Between 
the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934, that is ratified with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mander of United States Southern Command shall submit to appropriate committees of Con-gress, a report setting forth a military assess-ment of the strategic implications of United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include each of the fol-lowing: 
(A) An historical analysis of the use and sig-
nificance of the basing at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(B) A description of the personnel, resources, 
and base operations based out of United States, Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(C) An assessment of United States Naval Sta-
tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in support of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3051 May 14, 2015 
National Security Strategy, the National De-
fense Strategy, and the National Military Strat-egy. 
(D) An assessment of missions and military re-
quirements that United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, currently supports. 
(E) A description of the uses of United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba by other United States Government agencies. 
(F) Any other related matter at the discretion 
of the Commander. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate com-mittees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1061. PROVISION OF DEFENSE PLANNING 
GUIDANCE AND CONTINGENCY PLANNING GUIDANCE INFORMATION TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 113(g) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) At the time of the budget submission by 
the President for a fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall include in the budget materials submitted to Congress for that year summaries of the guidance developed under paragraphs (1) and (2), as well as summaries of any plans de-veloped in accordance with the guidance devel-oped under paragraph (2). Such summaries shall be sufficient to allow the congressional defense committees to evaluate fully the requirements for military forces, acquisition programs, and operation and maintenance funding in the President’s annual budget request for the De-partment of Defense.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Notwithstanding the 
requirement under paragraph (3) of section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), that the Secretary of Defense submit summaries under that paragraph at the time of the President’s annual budget submis-sion, by not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing— 
(1) summaries of the guidance developed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (g) of section 113 of title 10, United States Code; and 
(2) summaries of any plans developed in ac-
cordance with the guidance developed under paragraph (2) of such subsection. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS 
PENDING REPORT .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, for the office of the Secretary of Defense, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Sec-retary submits the report described in subsection (b). 
SEC. 1062. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN REPORTS 
SUBMITTED BY COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) R EPORT ON NNSA B UDGET REQUESTS .— 
Section 3255(a)(2) of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2455) is amended by inserting before ‘‘, the Comptroller General’’ the following: ‘‘in an even-numbered year, and not later than 150 days after the date on which the Administrator submits such mate-rials in an odd-numbered year’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGE -
MENT .—Section 3134 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2713), as amended by section 3134 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2193), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘a series of 
three reviews, as described in subsections (b), (c), and (d),’’ and inserting ‘‘reviews as de-
scribed in subsections (b) and (c)’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (d); and (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
SEC. 1063. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
GEOGRAPHICALLY DISTRIBUTED FORCE LAYDOWN IN THE AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY OF UNITED STATES PACIFIC COMMAND. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 
1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pa-cific Command, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on Depart-ment of Defense plans for implementing the geo-graphically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of United States Pacific Command. 
(b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-
quired under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the force laydown. (2) A discussion of how the force laydown af-
fects the operational and contingency plans in the area of responsibility of United States Pa-cific Command, including a discussion on how timeliness, availability of forces, and risk in meeting the military objectives contained in those plans are affected. 
(3) A discussion of the specific support asset 
requirements derived from the force laydown, including logistical sustainment, pre-positioned stocks, sea and air lift, command and control, and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance. 
(4) A discussion of the specific infrastructure 
and military construction requirements derived from the force laydown. 
(5) A discussion on how Department of De-
fense plans to meet the requirements identified in paragraphs (3) and (4), including the ability of United States Transportation Command, the United States Combat Logistics Force, and the Armed Forces to meet those requirements. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
determines to be appropriate. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1064. INDEPENDENT STUDY OF NATIONAL 
SECURITY STRATEGY FORMULATION PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STUDY .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent research entity described in sub-section (c) to carry out a comprehensive study of the role of the Department of Defense and its process for the formulation of national security strategy. 
(b) M
ATTERS COVERED .—The study required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Case studies of the role of the Department 
of Defense and its process for the formulation of previous national security strategies in place throughout the history of the United States, in-cluding an examination of the development and execution of previous strategies, as well as the factors that contributed to the development and execution of successful previous strategies with specific emphasis on— 
(A) the frequency of strategy updates; (B) the synchronization of timelines and con-
tent among different strategies; 
(C) the prioritization of objectives; (D) the assignment of roles and responsibil-
ities among relevent agencies; 
(E) the links between strategy and resourcing; (F) the implementation of strategy within the 
planning documents of relevant agencies; and 
(G) the value of a competition of ideas. (2) A complete review and analysis of the cur-
rent national security strategy formulation process, as it relates to the Department of De-fense, including an analysis of the following: 
(A) All major Government products and docu-
ments of national security strategy relevant to the Department of Defense and how they fit to-
gether, including— 
(i) the National Military Strategy prepared by 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under section 153(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code; 
(ii) the most recent quadrennial defense re-
view conducted by the Secretary of Defense pur-suant to section 118 of title 10, United States Code; 
(iii) the national security strategy report re-
quired under section 108 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043); and 
(iv) any other relevant national security strat-
egy products and documents. 
(B) The time periods during which the prod-
ucts and documents covered by subparagraph (A) are prepared and published, and how they fit together. 
(C) The interaction between the White House 
and the agencies that develop such products and documents and formulate strategy. 
(D) All the current entities in the Federal 
Government that contribute to the national se-curity strategy formulation process and how they fit together. 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT RESEARCH ENTITY .—The en-
tity described in this subsection is an inde-pendent research entity that is a not-for-profit entity or a federally funded research and devel-opment center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the inde-pendent research entity shall provide to the Sec-retary a report on the results of the study. Not later than 30 days after receipt of the report, the Secretary shall submit such report, together with any additional views or recommendations of the Secretary, to the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 1065. STUDY AND REPORT ON ROLE OF DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN FORMU-LATION OF LONG-TERM STRATEGY. 
The Secretary of Defense shall direct the Of-
fice of Net Assessment to conduct a study on the role of the Department of Defense in the formu-lation of long-term strategy. Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the results of the study, which shall include— 
(1) historical lessons learned, and rec-
ommendations for both the executive and legis-lative branch on how to create an entity or enti-ties, programs or projects, or supporting efforts or activities to study and formulate suggestions for Department of Defense long-term strategy across the combination of military, economic, scientific, technological, geopolitical, resources, international relations, and other relevant areas of study related to the role of the Department of Defense in national security. 
(2) key recommendations for alternative or 
candidate courses of action for establishing such an entity or entities, programs or projects, or supporting efforts or activities within or outside of the Government, including identification of areas or components of the Government most suited to the formulation of Department of De-fense long-term strategy, or identification of new offices, organizational units, or supporting efforts within or outside of the Government fo-cused on the development of long-term strategies for the Department; and 
(3) an analysis of the efforts of the Depart-
ment of Defense to cultivate long-term strate-gists within and outside of the Department and the Government, including an examination of options of best methods to improve and support the development, training, and education of strategic thinkers within and outside of the De-partment and the Government. 
SEC. 1066. REPORT ON POTENTIAL THREATS TO 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES OF UNITED STATES NAVAL FORCES CENTRAL COMMAND AND UNITED STATES FIFTH FLEET IN BAHRAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3052 May 14, 2015 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the threat posed to members of the Armed Forces of the United States Naval Forces Central Command and the United States Fifth Fleet from Naval Support Activity Bahrain and their family mem-bers should an increase in violent clashes in Bahrain make their presence in that nation un-tenable. 
(b) C
ONTENT OF REPORT .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the current security situ-
ation in Bahrain, marked by escalating violence between security forces and protesters, and the potential impact increased instability could have on— 
(A) the physical safety and security of United 
States personnel and their families living in Bahrain, both inside and outside the confines of military installations; 
(B) the freedom of movement of United States 
personnel and their families living in Bahrain; and 
(C) the future operations of Naval Support 
Activity in Bahrain as it relates to ongoing re-gional missions. 
(2) Safety measures and contingency planning 
to protect Navy personnel in the event of such an increase in instability, including an analysis of viable alternative locations for both the United States Naval Forces Central Command and the United States Fifth Fleet. 
Subtitle G—Repeal or Revision of National 
Defense Reporting Requirements 
SEC. 1071. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO MILI-TARY PERSONNEL ISSUES. 
(a) R EPORTS ON HEALTH PROTECTION QUALITY  
ANDHEALTH ASSESSMENT DATA.— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 1073b of title 10, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 1073b. 
(b) R
EPORT ON VOTING ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS  
EFFECTIVENESS AND COMPLIANCE .—Section 
1566(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ after the subsection head-
ing; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). (c) R
EPORT ON AVIATION OFFICER RETENTION  
BONUSES .—Section 301b(i) of title 37, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ after the subsection head-
ing; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2). (d) R
EPORT ON FOREIGN LANGUAGE PRO-
FICIENCY INCENTIVE PAY.—Section 316a of title 
37, United States Code, as amended by section 615(5) of this Act, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
(e) R
EPORT ON USE OF WAIVER AUTHORITY  
FOR MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINT -
MENTS .—Section 553 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 4346 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
(f) R
EPORT ON INCREASE IN JUNIOR RESERVE  
OFFICERS ’ TRAINING CORPS UNITS.—Subsection 
(e) of section 548 of the Duncan Hunter Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4466) is repealed. 
(g) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF YELLOW  
RIBBON REINTEGRATION PROGRAM .— 
(1) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 582(e) 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 597 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is repealed. 
(h) R
EPORT ON STANDARDS OF FACILITIES .— 
Section 1648 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
(i) R
EPORT ON INSPECTIONS OF FACILITIES .— 
Section 1662 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED INSPECTIONS OF  
FACILITIES .—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). (j) R
EPORT ON INSPECTIONS OF OTHER FACILI -
TIES.—Section 3307 of the U.S. Troop Readiness, 
Veterans’ Care, Katrina Recovery, and Iraq Ac-countability Appropriations Act, 2007 (Public Law 110–28; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
(k) R
EPORT ON LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
ASSISTANCE RELATED TO DOD A CTIVITIES .—Sec-
tion 574 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 20 U.S.C. 7703b note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as 
subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
SEC. 1072. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO READ-INESS. 
(a) B IANNUAL REPORTS ON ALLOCATION OF  
FUNDS WITHIN OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
BUDGET SUBACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking section 228. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 228. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NAVAL PETROLEUM  
RESERVES .—Section 7431 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ARMY NATIONAL  
GUARD COMBAT READINESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1013 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking sec-tion 10542. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 10542. 
(d) I
NSIDER THREAT DETECTION BUDGET SUB-
MISSION .—Section 922 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
(e) P
RICE TREND ANALYSIS .—Section 892 of the 
Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2306a) is repealed. 
(f) R
EPORT ON AUTHORITY FOR AIRLIFT  
TRANSPORTATION AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RATES FOR NON-DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FED-
ERAL CARGOES .—Section 351 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2262) is amended by striking subsection (b). 
(g) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON PROCUREMENT OF  
MILITARY WORKING DOGS.—Section 358 of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c). 
(h) R
EPORT ON FOREIGN LANGUAGE PRO-
FICIENCY .—Section 958 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 297) is repealed. 
(i) R
EPORT ON ARSENAL SUPPORT PROGRAM  
INITIATIVE .—Section 343 of the Floyd D. Spence 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–398; 10 U.S.C. 4551 note) is amended by striking subsection (g). 
(j) GAO R
EVIEW OF CONTRACTOR -OPERATED  
CIVILENGINEERING SUPPLY STORES PROGRAM .— Section 345 of the Strom Thurmond National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–26; 112 Stat. 1978) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
(k) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON ENDSTRENGTH .— 
Section 8104 of the Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (Division C of Public Law 113–76) is repealed. 
(l) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON ENDSTRENGTH .— 
Section 8105 of the Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act, 2013 (Division C of Public Law 113–6) is repealed. 
(m) R
EPORT ON DAVID L. B OREN NATIONAL SE-
CURITY EDUCATION ACT OF 1991.—Section 806 of 
the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (title VIII of Public Law 102-183; 50 U.S.C. 1906) is repealed. 
SEC. 1073. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO NAVAL VESSELS AND MERCHANT MARINE. 
(a) R EPORT ON NAMING OF NAVAL VESSELS .— 
Section 7292 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d). 
(b) R
EPORT ON TRANSFER OF VESSELS STRICK -
ENFROMNAVAL VESSEL REGISTER .—Section 7306 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively. 
(c) R
EPORTS ON MISSION MODULES OF LIT-
TORAL COMBAT SHIP.—Section 126 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1657) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION REQUIRED .— 
’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). (d) R
EPORT ON ASSESSMENTS OF FIRSTSHIP OF  
ASHIPBUILDING PROGRAM .—Section 124 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. 
(e) R
EPORT ON COSTESTIMATE OF CVN–79.— 
Section 122 of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as most re-cently amended by section 121 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), is amended by striking sub-section (f). 
(f) A
NNUAL REPORT OF MARITIME ADMINIS -
TRATION .— 
(1) E LIMINATION OF REPORT AND REVISION OF  
REMAINING REQUIREMENT .—Section 50111 of title 
46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 50111. Submission of annual MARAD au-
thorization request 
‘‘(a) S
UBMISSION OF LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL .— 
Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for a fiscal year pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the Maritime Administration author-ization request for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION REQUEST DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘Maritime Ad-
ministration authorization request’ means a pro-posal for legislation that, for a fiscal year— 
‘‘(1) recommends authorizations of appropria-
tions for the Maritime Administration for that fiscal year, including with respect to matters de-scribed in subsection 109(j) of title 49 or author-ized in subtitle V of this title; and 
‘‘(2) addresses any other matter with respect 
to the Maritime Administration that the Sec-retary determines is appropriate.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 501 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 50111 and inserting the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3053 May 14, 2015 
‘‘50111. Submission of annual MARAD au-
thorization request.’’. 
(g) D ISCRETIONARY REPORTS NOLONGER  
NEEDED .—The Secretary of the Navy is not re-
quired to submit to the congressional defense committees— 
(1) a report, or updates to such a report, on 
open architecture as described in Senate Report 110–077; or 
(2) a monthly report on Ford class aircraft 
carriers not otherwise required by law. 
SEC. 1074. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO NU-CLEAR, PROLIFERATION, AND RE-LATED MATTERS. 
(a) R EPORT ON NUCLEAR WEAPONS COUNCIL .— 
Section 179 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (g). 
(b) R
EPORT ON PROLIFERATION SECURITY INI-
TIATIVE .—Section 1821(b) of the Implementing 
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 2911) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(1) I
NGENERAL .—’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). (c) B
RIEFINGS ON DIALOGUE BETWEEN UNITED  
STATES AND RUSSIAN FEDERATION ON NUCLEAR  
ARMS.—Section 1282 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 22 U.S.C. 5951 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a); and (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as 
subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN FOR WHOLE -OF- 
GOVERNMENT VISION PRESCRIBED IN THE NA-
TIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY .—Section 1072 of 
the National Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 50 U.S.C. 3043 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b). 
SEC. 1075. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO MIS-SILE DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT ON MISSILE DEFENSE EXECUTIVE  
BOARD ACTIVITIES .—Section 232 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1339) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b). 
(b) R
EPORT ON GROUND -BASED MIDCOURSE DE-
FENSE PROGRAM .—Section 234 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1340) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(a) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—’’; 
and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 1076. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO ACQUI-SITION. 
(a) R EPORT ON FOREIGN PURCHASES .—Section 
8305 of title 41, United States Code, is repealed. 
(b) R EPORT ON COST ASSESSMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 2334 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
(c) R
EPORT ON PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENTS  
AND ROOT CAUSE ANALYSES .—Section 2438 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsection (f). 
SEC. 1077. REPEAL OR REVISION OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO CIVIL-IAN PERSONNEL. 
(a) R EPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM FOR EX-
CHANGE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PER-
SONNEL .—Section 1110 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2493) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (i); (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (i); and 
(3) in subsection (i), as so redesignated, by 
striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) any employee whose assignment is al-
lowed to continue by virtue of paragraph (1) shall be taken into account for purposes of the 
numerical limitation under subsection (h).’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON EXPERIMENTAL PROGRAM FOR  
SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL PERSONNEL .—Section 
1101 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 112 Stat. 2139) is amended by strik-ing subsection (g). 
SEC. 1078. REPEAL OR REVISION OF MISCELLA-
NEOUS REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON REWARDS FOR COMBATING TER-
RORISM .—Section 127b of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
(b) R
EPORT ON TECHNOLOGICAL MATURITY AND  
INTEGRATION RISK OF CRITICAL TECH-
NOLOGIES .—Section 138(b)(8) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subparagraph (B); (2) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘assess the technological maturity’’ and inserting ‘‘shall periodically review and as-sess the technological maturity’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period. (c) R
EPORT ON SYSTEMS ENGINEERING .—Sec-
tion 139b(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘or (2)’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘systems 
engineering master plans and’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, sys-
tems engineering master plans,’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (C); by striking ‘‘systems 
engineering, development planning,’’ and in-serting ‘‘development planning’’; and 
(E) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (F); 
(4) by transferring subparagraphs (A) and (B) 
of paragraph (4) to the end of paragraph (2), as so redesignated, and redesignating those sub-paragraphs as subparagraphs (D) and (E), re-spectively; and 
(5) by striking paragraph (4). (d) R
EPORT ON REGIONAL DEFENSE COUNTER -
TERRORISM FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 
2249c of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(e) R
EPORT ON DARPA.— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 2352 of title 10, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2352. 
(f) R
EPORT ON AIRLIFT REQUIREMENTS .—Sec-
tion 112 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1654) is repealed. 
(g) R
EPORT ON IN-KIND PAYMENTS .—Section 
2805 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2149) is repealed. 
(h) R
EPORT ON AIRBORNE SIGNALS INTEL-
LIGENCE , SURVEILLANCE , AND RECONNAISSANCE  
CAPABILITIES .—Section 112(b) of the Ike Skelton 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4153) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (3). 
(i) R
EPORTS ON STATUS OF NAVYNEXTGEN-
ERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORKS PROGRAM .— 
Section 1034 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4593) is repealed. 
Subtitle H—Other Matters 
SEC. 1081. TECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND-
MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOTITLE 10, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended 
as follows: (1) The heading of section 153(a)(5) is amend-
ed to read as follows: ‘‘J OINT FORCE DEVELOP -
MENT ACTIVITIES .—’’. 
(2) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 21 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 429 the following new item: 
‘‘430. Tactical exploitation of national capa-
bilities executive agent.’’. 
(3) Section 2679, as transferred, redesignated, 
and amended by section 351 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3346), is amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘with’’ before ‘‘, on a sole source’’. 
(4) Section 2687a(d)(2) is amended by inserting 
‘‘fair market’’ before ‘‘value’’. 
(5) Section 2926, as added and amended by 
section 901(g) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3464), is amended in sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (d) by striking ‘‘for In-stallations, Energy,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Energy, Installations,’’. 
(6) Section 9314a(b) is amended by striking 
‘‘only so long at’’ and inserting ‘‘only so long as’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2015.—Effective as of Decem-
ber 19, 2014, and as if included therein as en-acted, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 351(b)(1) (128 Stat. 3346) is amend-
ed by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
(2) Section 901(g)(1)(F) (128 Stat. 3465) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘paragraph (4) of’’ before ‘‘subsection (b) of section 2926’’. 
(3) Section 1072(a)(2) (128 Stat. 3516) is amend-
ed by inserting ‘‘in the table of sections’’ before ‘‘at the beginning of’’. 
(4) Section 1079(a)(1) (128 Stat. 3521) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘section 12102 of title 42, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)’’. 
(5) Section 1104(b)(2) (128 Stat. 3526) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. 
(6) Section 1208 (128 Stat. 3541) is amended by 
striking ‘‘of Fiscal Year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Fiscal Year’’. 
(7) Section 2803(a) (128 Stat. 3696) is amended 
in paragraph (2) of the subsection (f) being added by the amendment to be made by that sec-tion by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘1105 of title 31’’. 
(8) Section 2832(c)(3) (128 Stat. 3704) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘United State Code’’ and insert-ing ‘‘United States Code’’. 
(9) Section 3006(i) (128 Stat. 3744) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 8’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Section 18’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘S1/2 N1/2 
SE’’ and inserting ‘‘S1/2 N1/2 SE1/4’’. 
(10) Section 3023 (128 Stat. 3762) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respectively; 
(B) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, in 
the matter being added by subparagraph (C)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘has been waived,’’ after ‘‘ex-
pired,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the permit or lease required’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the allotment management plan, permit, or lease required’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, in 
the matter being added as subsection (h)(1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a grazing permit or lease’’ in 
the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of such subsection and inserting ‘‘an allotment manage-ment plan or grazing permit or lease’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A) of such subsection, 
by striking ‘‘permit or lease’’ and inserting ‘‘al-lotment management plan, permit, or lease’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)(i) of such subsection, 
by striking ‘‘lease or permit’’ and inserting ‘‘al-lotment management plan, permit, or lease’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3054 May 14, 2015 
(D) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so re-
designated, the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘by the Sec-
retary of Agriculture, with respect to lands within National Forests in the sixteen contig-uous Western States’ and inserting ‘on National Forest System land by the Secretary of Agri-culture (notwithstanding, for purposes of this section, the definition in section 103(p))’;’’. 
(11) Section 3024 (16 U.S.C. 6214; 128 Stat. 
3764) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (e), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘report using National Median Price values’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘by regu-
lation establish criteria pursuant to which the annual fee determined in accordance with this section may be suspended or reduced tempo-rarily’’ and inserting ‘‘provide for suspension or reduction temporarily of the annual fee deter-mined in accordance with this section’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘by regu-
lation’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2009.—Section 943(d)(1) of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4578) by striking the second period at the end of the first sentence. 
(d) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2005.—Section 1208(f)(2) of the 
Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108– 375; 118 Stat. 2086), as amended by section 1202(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 363) and section 1202(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating the paragraphs (1) 
through (8) added by section 1202(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512) as subparagraphs (A) through (H), respectively; and 
(2) by moving the margins of such subpara-
graphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right. 
(e) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AMENDMENTS  
MADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of applying 
amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as having been enacted immediately before any such amend-ments by other provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 1082. EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR THE OVER-
SIGHT AND MANAGEMENT OF ALTER-NATIVE COMPENSATORY CONTROL MEASURES. 
(a) E XECUTIVE AGENT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 21 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end of the following new section: 
‘‘§ 430a. Executive agent for management and 
oversight of alternative compensatory con-trol measures 
‘‘(a) E
XECUTIVE AGENT.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall designate a senior official from among the personnel of the Department of De-fense to act as the Department of Defense execu-tive agent for the management and oversight of alternative compensatory control measures. 
‘‘(b) R
OLES, RESPONSIBILITIES , ANDAUTHORI -
TIES.—The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe 
the roles, responsibilities, and authorities of the executive agent designated under subsection (a). Such roles, responsibilities, and authorities shall include the development of an annual manage-ment and oversight plan for Department-wide accountability and reporting to the congres-sional defense committees.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘430a. Executive agent for management and 
oversight of alternative compensatory control measures.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the 
close of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the oversight and management of alternative com-pensatory control measures. Each such report shall include— 
(1) the annual management and oversight 
plan required under section 430a(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a); 
(2) a discussion of the scope and number of al-
ternative compensatory control measures in ef-fect; and 
(3) any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
determines appropriate. 
SEC. 1083. NAVY SUPPORT OF OCEAN RESEARCH 
ADVISORY PANEL. 
Section 7903 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 1084. LEVEL OF READINESS OF CIVIL RE-
SERVE AIR FLEET CARRIERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The National Airlift Policy states that 
‘‘[t]he national defense airlift objective is to en-sure that military and civil airlift resources will be able to meet defense mobilization and deploy-ment requirements in support of US defense and foreign policies.’’. 
(2) The National Airlift Policy also emphasizes 
the need for ‘‘dialogue and cooperation with our national aviation industry,’’ and it states that ‘‘[i]t is of particular importance that the avia-tion industry be apprised by the Department of Defense of long-term requirements for airlift in support of national defense.’’. 
(3) The National Airlift Policy emphasizes the 
importance of both military and civil airlift re-sources and their interdependence in the fulfill-ment of the national defense airlift objective, and it states that the ‘‘Department of Defense shall establish appropriate levels for peacetime cargo airlift augmentation in order to promote the effectiveness of Civil Reserve Air Fleet and provide training within the military airlift sys-tem.’’. 
(4) Civil Reserve Air Fleet carriers continue to 
be an important component of the military air-lift system in support of United States defense and foreign policies. 
(b) L
EVEL OF READINESS OF CIVIL RESERVE  
AIRFLEET CARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 931 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 9517. Level of readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
Fleet carriers 
‘‘(a) P
OLICY .—The Civil Reserve Air Fleet pro-
gram is an important component of the military airlift system in support of United States de-fense and foreign policies, and it is the policy of the United States to maintain the readiness and interoperability of Civil Reserve Air Fleet car-riers by providing appropriate levels of peace-time airlift augmentation to maintain networks and infrastructure, exercise the system, and interface effectively within the military airlift system. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT REQUIREMENT .—On the day the 
President submits the budget for a fiscal year to Congress, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that sets forth, for each fis-cal year during the period covered by the cur-rent future-years defense program under section 221 of this title, each of the following, expressed separately for passenger and cargo airlift serv-ices: 
‘‘(1) The results (including analytical and jus-
tification materials) of an assessment, conducted in consultation with the Civil Reserve Air Fleet carriers, of the level of commercial airlift aug-mentation necessary to maintain the readiness and interoperability of such carriers, maintain networks and infrastructure, exercise the sys-tem, and facilitate the regular interfacing be-tween such carriers and the military airlift sys-
tem, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) a projection of the number of block hours 
necessary to achieve such levels of commercial airlift augmentation; 
‘‘(B) a strategic plan for achieving such level 
of commercial airlift augmentation; and 
‘‘(C) an explanation of any deviation from the 
previous fiscal year’s assessment of the projected number of block hours under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) A comparison (including analytical and 
justification materials and explanations of any deviations) of the forecasted number of block hours for each fiscal year of the period covered by the report with the projected number of block hours under paragraph (1)(A) for each such fis-cal year. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘budget’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 231(f) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘defense budget materials’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 231(f) of this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘9517. Level of Readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
Fleet carriers.’’. 
(3) D
EFINITION OF CIVIL RESERVE AIR FLEET  
PROGRAM .—Section 9511 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(12) The term ‘Civil Reserve Air Fleet pro-
gram’ means the program developed by the De-partment of Defense through which the Depart-ment of Defense augments its airlift capability by use of civil aircraft.’’. 
SEC. 1085. AUTHORIZATION OF TRANSFER OF 
SURPLUS FIREARMS TO CORPORA-TION FOR THE PROMOTION OF RIFLE PRACTICE AND FIREARMS SAFETY . 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40728 of title 36, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZED TRANSFERS .—The Secretary 
may transfer to the corporation, in accordance with the procedure prescribed in this sub-chapter, surplus firearms and spare parts and related accessories for those firearms that on the date of the enactment of this subsection are under the control of the Secretary and are ex-cess to the requirements of the Department of the Army, and such material as may be recov-ered by the Secretary pursuant to section 40728A(a) of this title. The Secretary shall deter-mine a reasonable schedule for the transfer of these excess firearms.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Such title is further amended— 
(1) in section 40278A— (A) by striking ‘‘rifles’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘surplus firearms’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
40731(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 40732(a)’’; 
(2) in section 40729(a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘described in 
section 40728(a) of this title’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘firearms de-
scribed in section 40728(a) of this title’’ and in-serting ‘‘surplus firearms’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘caliber .30 
and caliber .22 rimfire rifles’’ and inserting ‘‘firearms’’; and 
(3) in section 40732— (A) by striking ‘‘caliber .22 rimfire and caliber 
.30 surplus rifles’’ both places it appears and in-serting ‘‘surplus firearms’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘is over 18 
years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘is legally of age’’. 
SEC. 1086. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR TRANSFERRING AIRCRAFT WITHIN THE AIR FORCE INVENTORY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
345 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3055 May 14, 2015 
(A) by striking the first sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘Before making an aircraft trans-fer described in subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that a written agree-ment regarding such transfer has been entered into between the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Director of the Air National Guard or the Chief of Air Force Reserve.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘depot’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(b) S
UBMITTAL OF AGREEMENTS TO THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force may not take any ac-tion to transfer an aircraft until the Secretary ensures that the Air Force has complied with applicable Department of Defense regulations and, for a transfer described in subsection (c)(1), until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees an agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a) regarding the trans-fer of the aircraft.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(c) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT TRANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) C OVERED TRANSFERS .—An aircraft trans-
fer described in this subsection is the transfer (other than as specified in paragraph (2)) from a reserve component of the Air Force to the reg-ular component of the Air Force of— 
‘‘(A) the permanent assignment of an aircraft 
that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft; or 
‘‘(B) possession of an aircraft for a period in 
excess of 90 days. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not 
apply to the following: 
‘‘(A) A routine temporary transfer of posses-
sion of an aircraft from a reserve component that is made solely for the benefit of the reserve component for the purpose of maintenance, up-grade, conversion, modification, or testing and evaluation. 
‘‘(B) A routine permanent transfer of assign-
ment of an aircraft that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft if notice of the transfer has previously been pro-vided to the congressional defense committees and the transfer has been approved by the Sec-retary of Defense pursuant to Department of Defense regulations. 
‘‘(C) A transfer described in paragraph (1)(A) 
when there is a reciprocal permanent assign-ment of an aircraft from the regular component of the Air Force to the reserve component that does not degrade the capability of, or reduce the total number of, aircraft assigned to the reserve component. 
‘‘(d) R
ETURN OF AIRCRAFT AFTER ROUTINE  
TEMPORARY TRANSFER .—In the case of an air-
craft transferred from a reserve component of the Air Force to the regular component of the Air Force for which an agreement under sub-section (a) is not required by reason of sub-section (c)(2)(A), possession of the aircraft shall be transferred back to the reserve component upon completion of the work described in sub-section (c)(2)(A).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(7) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘Commander of the Air Force Reserve Com-mand’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief of Air Force Re-serve’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO DELETE REF-
ERENCES TO AIRCRAFT OWNERSHIP .—Subsection 
(a) of such section is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘the ownership of’’ in paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(C), and (3). 
SEC. 1087. REESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION 
TO ASSESS THE THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES FROM ELECTRO-MAGNETIC PULSE ATTACK. 
(a) R EESTABLISHMENT .—The commission es-
tablished pursuant to title XIV of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A-345), and reestab-lished pursuant to section 1052 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 
(Public Law 109–163; 50 U.S.C. 2301 note), known as the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack, is hereby reestablished. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Commission as reestab-
lished shall have the same membership as the Commission had as of the date of the submission of the report of the Commission pursuant to sec-tion 1403(a) of such Act, as amended by such section 1052. Service on the Commission is vol-untary, and Commissioners may elect to termi-nate their service on the Commission. If a Com-missioner is unwilling or unable to serve on the Commission, the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the chairmen and ranking mem-bers of the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall appoint a new member to fill that vacancy. 
(c) C
OMMISSION CHARTER DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘Commission charter’’ means title XIV of the Floyd D. Spence National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A-345 et seq.), as amended by section 1052 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 50 U.S.C. 2301 note) and section 1073 of the John Warner National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2403). 
(d) E
XPANDED PURPOSE .—Section 1401(b) of 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A-345) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, from non-nuclear EMP weapons, from natural EMP generated by geo-magnetic storms, and from proposed uses in the military doctrines of potential adversaries of using EMP weapons in combination with other attack vectors.’’. 
(e) D
UTIES OF COMMISSION .—Section 1402 of 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A-346) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1402. DUTIES OF COMMISSION. 
‘‘The Commission shall assess the following: ‘‘(1) The vulnerability of electric-dependent 
military systems in the United States to a man-made or natural EMP event, giving special at-tention to the progress made by the Department of Defense, other Government departments and agencies of the United States, and entities of the private sector in taking steps to protect such systems from such an event. 
‘‘(2) The evolving current and future threat 
from state and non-state actors of a manmade EMP attack employing nuclear or non-nuclear weapons. 
‘‘(3) New technologies, operational proce-
dures, and contingency planning that can pro-tect electronics and electric-dependent military systems from a manmade or natural EMP event. 
‘‘(4) Among the States, if State grids are 
islanded for protection against manmade or nat-ural EMP, which States should receive highest priority for protecting critical defense assets and for maximizing survival of the national popu-lation.’’. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Section 1403 of the Commission 
charter (114 Stat. 1654A-345) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2017’’. 
(g) T
ERMINATION .—Section 1049 of the Com-
mission charter (114 Stat. 1654A-348) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, as amended by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 1088. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STRATEGY 
FOR COUNTERING UNCONVEN-TIONAL WARFARE. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense, in consultation with the President and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall develop a strategy for the Department of De-fense to counter unconventional warfare threats posed by adversarial state and non-state actors. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under 
subsection (a) shall include each of the fol-lowing: (1) An articulation of the activities that con-
stitute unconventional warfare being waged upon the United States and allies. 
(2) A clarification of the roles and responsibil-
ities of the Department of Defense in providing indications and warning of, and protection against, acts of unconventional warfare. 
(3) The current status of authorities and com-
mand structures related to countering uncon-ventional warfare. 
(4) An articulation of the goals and objectives 
of the Department of Defense with respect to countering unconventional warfare threats. 
(5) An articulation of related or required 
interagency capabilities and whole-of-Govern-ment activities required by the Department of Defense to support a counter-unconventional warfare strategy. 
(6) Recommendations for improving the 
counter-unconventional warfare capabilities, authorities, and command structures of the De-partment of Defense. 
(7) Recommendations for improving inter-
agency coordination and support mechanisms with respect to countering unconventional war-fare threats. 
(8) Recommendations for the establishment of 
joint doctrine to support counter-unconven-tional warfare capabilities within the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(9) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff determine necessary. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy required by subsection (a). The strategy shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) D
EFINITION OF UNCONVENTIONAL WAR-
FARE.—In this section, the term ‘‘unconven-
tional warfare’’ means activities conducted to enable a resistance movement or insurgency to coerce, disrupt, or overthrow a government or occupying power by operating through or with an underground, auxiliary, or guerrilla force in a denied area. 
SEC. 1089. MINE COUNTERMEASURES MASTER 
PLAN. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At the same time the budget 
is submitted to Congress for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a mine countermeasures (hereinafter in this section referred to as ‘‘MCM’’) master plan. Each such plan shall include each of the fol-lowing: 
(A) An evaluation of the capabilities, capac-
ities, requirements, and readiness levels of the defensive capabilities of the Navy for MCM, in-cluding an assessment of the dedicated MCM force as well as the capabilities of ships, air-craft, and submarines that are not yet dedicated to MCM but could be modified to carry mine warfare capabilities. 
(B) An evaluation of the ability of units to 
properly command and control air and surface MCM forces from fleet level down through to element level and to provide necessary oper-ational and tactical control and awareness of such forces to facilitate mission accomplishment and defense. 
(C) An assessment of technologies having 
promising potential for use for improving mine warfare and of programs for transitioning such technologies from the testing and evaluation phases to procurement. 
(D) A fiscal plan to support the master plan 
through the Future Years Defense Plan. 
(E) A plan for inspection of each asset with 
mine warfare responsibilities, requirements, and capabilities, which shall include proposed meth-ods to ensure the material readiness of each asset and the training level of the force, a gen-eral summary, and readiness trends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3056 May 14, 2015 
(2) F ORM OF SUBMISSION .—Each plan sub-
mitted under paragraph (1)(E) shall be in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex addressing the capability and capacity to meet operational plans and contingency require-ments. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report con-taining the recommendations of the Secretary regarding the force structure and ensuring the operational effectiveness of the surface mine warfare force through 2025 based on current ca-pabilities and capacity, replacement schedules, and service life extensions or retirement sched-ules. Such report shall include an assessment of the MCM vessels, including the decommissioned MCM-1 and MCM-2 ships and the potential of such ships for reserve operating status. 
SEC. 1090. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND 
BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON OR-DERED EVACUATIONS OF UNITED STATES EMBASSIES AND CON-SULATES INVOLVING THE USE OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
(a) N OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall provide joint notification to the appro-priate congressional committees as soon as prac-ticable after the initiation of an ordered evacu-ation of a United States embassy or consulate involving the use of United States Armed Forces. 
(b) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of 
Defense and the Secretary of State shall provide a joint briefing to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 15 days after the initi-ation of an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate involving the use of the United States Armed Forces. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—Each notification under sub-
section (a) and briefing under subsection (b) shall include the following: 
(1) An overview of the ordered evacuation. (2) The status of all personnel assigned to the 
embassy or consulate, including United States citizens and locally-employed staff. 
(3) The status of the embassy or consulate, in-
cluding whether the embassy or consulate was secured and all classified or otherwise sensitive material destroyed upon departure. 
(4) An overview of the manner and location 
from which the Department of State will con-tinue to conduct the duties and responsibilities of the embassy or consulate. 
(5) A description of the disposition of United 
States Government property and whether such property was destroyed, disabled, abandoned or otherwise left behind, or remains in the posses-sion of United States Government personnel. 
(6) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense 
and Secretary of State determine to be relevant. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1091. DETERMINATION AND DISCLOSURE OF 
TRANSPORTATION COSTS INCURRED BY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR CONGRESSIONAL TRIPS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ETERMINATION AND DISCLOSURE OF COSTS 
BYSECRETARY .—In the case of a trip taken by 
a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives or Senate in carrying out offi-cial duties outside the United States for which the Department of Defense provides transpor-tation, the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) determine the cost of the transportation 
provided with respect to the Member, officer, or employee; 
(2) not later than 10 days after completion of 
the trip involved, provide a written statement of the cost— (A) to the Member, officer, or employee in-
volved, and 
(B) to the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives (in the case of a trip taken by a Member, officer, or employee of the House) or the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate (in the case of a trip taken by a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate); and 
(3) upon providing a written statement under 
paragraph (2), make the statement available for viewing on the Secretary’s official public website until the expiration of the 4-year period which begins on the final day of the trip in-volved. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not apply 
with respect to any trip the sole purpose of which is to visit one or more United States mili-tary installations or to visit United States mili-tary personnel in a war zone (or both). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) M EMBER .—The term ‘‘Member’’, with re-
spect to the House of Representatives, includes a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress. 
(2) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ 
means the several States, the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and any other territory or possession of the United States. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply 
with respect to trips taken on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that this section does not apply with respect to any trip which began prior to such date. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
SEC. 1101. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY 
AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOW-ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emer-
gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for De-fense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and as most recently amended by section 1102 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3525), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 1102. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL 
ALLOWANCES AND BENEFITS FOR DEFENSE CLANDESTINE SERVICE EMPLOYEES. 
Section 1603 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A DDITIONAL ALLOWANCES AND BENEFITS  
FOREMPLOYEES OF THE DEFENSE CLANDESTINE  
SERVICE .—In addition to the authority to pro-
vide compensation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense may provide an employee in a defense intelligence position who is assigned to the Defense Clandestine Service allowances and benefits under paragraph (1) of section 9904 of title 5 without regard to the limitations in that section— 
‘‘(1) that the employee be assigned to activities 
outside the United States; or 
‘‘(2) that the activities to which the employee 
is assigned be in support of Department of De-fense activities abroad.’’. 
SEC. 1103. EXTENSION OF RATE OF OVERTIME 
PAY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEAR-POWERED AIR-CRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DE-PLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. SEC. 1104. MODIFICATION TO TEMPORARY AU-
THORITIES FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RE-SEARCH AND ENGINEERING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 1107 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 888) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(4) N
ONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSION TO PERMA -
NENT APPOINTMENT .—With respect to any stu-
dent appointed by the director of an STRL under paragraph (3) to an indefinite or term ap-pointment, upon graduation from the applicable institution of higher education (as defined in such paragraph), the director may noncompeti-tively convert such student to a permanent ap-pointment within the STRL without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code (other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such title), provided the student meets all eligibility and Office of Personnel Management qualification requirements for the position.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘3 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘1 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘3 percent’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘1 percent’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’. 
SEC. 1105. PREFERENCE ELIGIBILITY FOR MEM-
BERS OF RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES APPOINTED TO COMPETITIVE SERVICE; CLARIFICA-TION OF APPEAL RIGHTS. 
(a) P REFERENCE ELIGIBILITY .—Section 2108 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (G)(iii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(B) by inserting the following after subpara-
graph (H): 
‘‘(I) an individual who is a member of a re-
serve component of the armed forces: 
‘‘(i) who has— ‘‘(I) successfully completed officer candidate 
training or entry level and skill training; and 
‘‘(II) incurred, or is performing, an initial pe-
riod of obligated service in a reserve component of the armed forces of not less than 6 consecu-tive years; or 
‘‘(ii) who has completed at least 10 years of 
service in a reserve component of the armed forces in each of which the individual was cred-ited with at least 50 points under section 12732 of title 10 toward the computation of years of service under section 12732 of title 10 for pur-poses of eligibility for retired pay under chapter 1223 of title 10; and 
‘‘(J) an individual who is— ‘‘(i) retired from service in a reserve compo-
nent of the armed forces; and 
‘‘(ii) eligible for, but has not yet commenced 
receipt of, retired pay for non-regular service under chapter 1223 of title 10;’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the individual is a retiree described in 
paragraph (3)(J);’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) ‘entry level and skill training’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 3301(2) of title 38; and 
‘‘(7) ‘reserve component of the armed forces’ 
means a reserve component specified in section 101(27) of title 38.’’. 
(b) T
IERED HIRING PREFERENCE FOR MEMBERS  
OFRESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED  
FORCES .—Section 3309 of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3057 May 14, 2015 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(2) a preference eligible under subparagraph 
(A), (B), or (J) of section 2108(3) of this title-5 points; 
‘‘(3) a preference eligible under section 
2108(3)(I)(ii) of this title-4 points; and 
‘‘(4) a preference eligible under section 
2108(3)(I)(i) of this title-3 points.’’. 
(c) C
LARIFICATION OF APPEAL RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3330a of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding a preference eligible appointed pursuant to section 7401 of title 38 or otherwise employed by the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs,’’ after ‘‘A pref-erence eligible’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding a complaint so filed by a preference eli-gible appointed pursuant to section 7401 of title 38 or otherwise employed by the Veterans Health Administration,’’ after ‘‘If the Secretary of Labor is unable to resolve a complaint under subsection (a)’’. 
(2) C
OORDINATION RULE .—Section 3330a of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) If any part of this section is deemed to be 
inconsistent with any provision of chapter 74 of title 38, this section shall be deemed to super-sede, override or otherwise modify such provi-sion of chapter 74 of title 38.’’. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF LOGISTICAL 
SUPPORT FOR COALITION FORCES SUPPORTING CERTAIN UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
Section 1234 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 394), as most recently amended by section 1223(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3548), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘during the 
period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2016’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘December 
31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 1202. STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE SECURITY CO-OPERATION. 
(a) S TRATEGIC FRAMEWORK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in 
coordination with the Secretary of State, shall develop a strategic framework for Department of Defense security cooperation to guide prioritization of resources and activities. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategic framework re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) Discussion of the strategic goals of De-
partment of Defense security cooperation pro-grams, and the extent to which these programs complement Department of State security assist-ance programs to achieve United States Govern-ment goals globally, regionally, and, if appro-priate, within specific programs. 
(B) Identification of the primary objectives, 
priorities, and desired end-states of Department of Defense security cooperation programs. 
(C) Identification of challenges to achieving 
the primary objectives, priorities, and desired end-states identified under subparagraph (B), including— 
(i) constraints on Department of Defense re-
sources, authorities, and personnel; 
(ii) partner nation variables, such as political 
will, absorptive capacity, corruption, and insta-bility risk; 
(iii) constraints or limitations due to bureau-
cratic impediments, interagency processes, or congressional requirements; (iv) validation of requirements; and 
(v) assessment, monitoring, and evaluation. (D) A methodology for assessing the effective-
ness of Department of Defense security coopera-tion programs in making progress toward achieving the primary objectives, priorities, and desired end-states identified under subpara-graph (B), including an identification of key benchmarks for such progress and the implica-tions of failing to achieve such primary objec-tives, priorities, and desired end-states. 
(E) An analysis of overlap, duplication, or 
gaps among Department of Defense security co-operation authorities and how these authorities complement or overlap with Department of State security assistance authorities. 
(F) Any other matters the Secretary of De-
fense determines appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the stra-tegic framework required by subsection (a). 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(3) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1203. MODIFICATION AND TWO-YEAR EXTEN-
SION OF NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 
1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended by add-ing at the end before the period the following: ‘‘to support the national interests and security cooperation goals and objectives of the United States, including applicable policy and guide-lines for United States security sector assist-ance’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended by inserting ‘‘that is not’’ after ‘‘an activity that the Secretary of Defense deter-mines is a matter’’. 
(c) P
ROCEDURES .—Such section, as so amend-
ed, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) through (i) 
as subsections (d) through (j), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) P ROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief of the National 
Guard Bureau shall— 
‘‘(A) establish, maintain, and update as ap-
propriate a list of core competencies to support each program established under subsection (a), collectively and for each State and territory, and shall submit for approval to the Secretary of Defense the list of core competencies and ad-ditional information needed to make use of such core competencies; and 
‘‘(B) designate a director for each State and 
territory who shall be responsible for the con-duct of activities under a program established under subsection (a) for such State or territory and reporting on activities under the program. 
‘‘(2) M
ILITARY -TO-CIVILIAN CORE COM -
PETENCIES .—The Secretary of Defense, with the 
concurrence of the Secretary of State, may con-duct an activity under a program established under subsection (a) relating to military-to-civil-ian core competencies.’’. 
(d) N
ATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP  
PROGRAM FUND.—Subsection (e) of such section 
(as redesignated) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP  
PROGRAM FUND .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the Secretary of Defense shall estab-lish on the books of the Department of Defense 
a National Guard State Partnership Program Fund. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary is not re-
quired to establish a Fund under clause (i) if, not later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate con-gressional committees (as defined in subsection (h)(1)) that in the opinion of the Secretary such a Fund should be established on the books of the Department of the Treasury. 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—In administering the Fund 
established under subparagraph (A)(i), the Sec-retary shall, to the extent the Secretary deter-mines it to be appropriate, provide for the fol-lowing amounts to be credited to the Fund: 
‘‘(i) Amounts authorized and appropriated to 
carry out the program under this section. 
‘‘(ii) Amounts that the Secretary of Defense 
transfers, in such amounts as provided in ap-propriations Acts, to the Fund from amounts authorized and appropriated to the Department of Defense, including amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard. 
‘‘(C) I
NCLUSION IN ANNUAL BUDGET .—The 
President shall include the Fund established under subparagraph (A)(i) or such a Fund es-tablished on the books of the Department of the Treasury in the budget that the President sub-mits to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code for each fiscal year in which the authority under subsection (a) is in effect.’’. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Paragraph (2)(B) of 
subsection (f) of such section (as redesignated) is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or other gov-
ernment organizations’’ after ‘‘and security forces’’; 
(2) in clause (iv), by adding at the end before 
the period the following: ‘‘and country’’; 
(3) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘activities’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) An assessment of the extent to which the 
activities conducted during the previous year met the objectives described in clause (v). 
‘‘(vii) The list of core competencies required by 
subsection (c)(1) and any update to any changes to the list of core competencies required by sub-section (c)(1).’’. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (h) of such sec-
tion (as redesignated) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives.’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as 
amended) the following: 
‘‘(2) C
ORE COMPETENCIES .—The term ‘‘core 
competencies’’ means military-to-military and military-to-civilian skills and capabilities of the National Guard, consistent with the roles and missions of the Armed Forces as established by the Secretary of Defense.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the several States and the District of Columbia. 
‘‘(5) T ERRITORY .—The term ‘territory’ means 
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands.’’. 
(g) T
ERMINATION .—Section 1205(i) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 899; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1204. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR NON- 
RECIPROCAL EXCHANGES OF DE-FENSE PERSONNEL BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1207(f) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3058 May 14, 2015 
111–84; 123 Stat. 2514; 10 U.S.C. 168 note), as 
amended by section 1202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1980), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. COMMANDERS’ EMERGENCY RESPONSE 
PROGRAM IN AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) O NE-YEAREXTENSION .—Section 1201 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3546), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) F
UNDS AVAILABLE DURING FISCAL YEAR 
2016.—Subsection (a) of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3547), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS AVAILABLE .— 
Subsection (d)(1) of such section, as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $1,260,000,000’’; and 
(2) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT RE-
LATING TO REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR  
SUPPORT PROVIDED BY PAKISTAN .—Section 
1232(b)(6) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222(d) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3548), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
(d) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Section 1227(d)(1) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2001), as most re-cently amended by section 1222(e) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3548), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Of the total amount of reimburse-
ments and support authorized for Pakistan dur-ing fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the third sen-tence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (as amended by subsection (b)(2)), $400,000,000 shall not be eligible for the waiver under section 1227(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that— 
(1) Pakistan continues to conduct military op-
erations in North Waziristan to disrupt the safe haven and freedom of movement of the Haqqani Network in Pakistan; 
(2) Pakistan has prevented the Haqqani Net-
work from using North Waziristan as a safe haven; and 
(3) the Government of Pakistan actively co-
ordinates with the Government of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants, such as 
the Haqqani Network, along the Afghanistan- Pakistan border. 
SEC. 1213. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNITED 
STATES POLICY AND STRATEGY IN AFGHANISTAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the United States continues to have vital 
national security interests in ensuring that Af-ghanistan is a stable, sovereign country; 
(2) President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan 
should be applauded for his leadership and com-mitment to ensuring that Afghanistan remains stable, secure, and a friend of the United States; 
(3) the decision by the President of the United 
States to maintain 9,800 United States troops in Afghanistan through all of 2015 to train, advise, and assist and conduct counterterrorism mis-sions in Afghanistan is the appropriate ap-proach, is consistent with United States na-tional security interests, and should be sup-ported by Congress; 
(4) the President should withdraw United 
States troops only on a pace that is consistent with the ability of the Afghan National Security Forces to sustain itself and secure Afghanistan and should review maintaining the United States advisory mission in Afghanistan beyond 2016; 
(5) the United States should provide monetary 
and advisory support for the 352,000 Afghan Na-tional Security Forces personnel and 30,000 Af-ghan Local Police, including intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance support, through 2018; 
(6) the Afghan National Security Forces 
should have the independent capability to pre-vent groups such as al-Qaeda, the Haqqani Net-work, the Quetta Shura Taliban, and other ter-rorist and insurgent groups from being able to conduct de-stabilizing attacks and military op-erations inside Afghanistan or against the United States and its allies and holding or gov-erning territory; and 
(7) the United States should continue to vigor-
ously conduct counterterrorism operations in Afghanistan beyond 2016, including against the Haqqani Network, to preserve the vital national security interests of the United States. 
SEC. 1214. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO AC-
QUIRE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRODUCED IN COUNTRIES ALONG A MAJOR ROUTE OF SUPPLY TO AF-GHANISTAN. 
Section 801(f) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399), as most recently amended by section 832 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 814), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 1215. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-
FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as amended by section 1231 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3556), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (f)(1) of 
such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2017’’. 
(c) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection 
(i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘, 2015, and 2016’’. 
SEC. 1216. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING AS-
SISTANCE FOR AFGHAN TRANS-LATORS, INTERPRETERS, AND AD-MINISTRATIVE AIDS. 
It is the sense of Congress that it is in the in-
terest of the United States to continue to assist Afghan partners, and their immediate families, 
who have served as translators or interpreters and those who have performed sensitive and trusted activities for United States forces. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and 
Iraq 
SEC. 1221. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT OPERATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF SECURITY CO-OPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1237 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3562), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal year 2016’’. 
(b) A
MOUNT AVAILABLE .—Such section, as so 
amended, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $143,000,000.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the activi-ties of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. The report shall include the following: 
(1) A description of how the programs of the 
Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq, in con-junction with other United States programs, such as Foreign Military Financing program and the Foreign Military Sales program, will address the capability gaps of the Iraqi Security Forces and coordinate activities to provide for the training and equipping of the Iraqi Security Forces. 
(2) A description of constraints, if any, caused 
by the operational environment in Iraq on the ability of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq to carry out its mission. 
SEC. 1222. COMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY FOR THE 
MIDDLE EAST AND TO COUNTER IS-LAMIC EXTREMISM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) In testimony before the Committee on 
Armed Services of the House of Representatives, General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff stated, ‘‘The global security envi-ronment is as uncertain as I have seen in my 40 years of service.’’. 
(2) In testimony before the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate, the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, stated: ‘‘Sunni violent extremists are gaining momen-tum and the number of Sunni violent extremist groups, members, and safe havens is greater than at any other point in history.’’. 
(3) In testimony to the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives, Lieu-tenant General Michael Flynn, former Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency stated, ‘‘. . .whether it be the number of violent Islamist groups, the territory which they con-trol, the scale and scope of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and associated movements, the number of terrorist attacks they perpetrate, the numbers of causalities they in-flict, their broad expansion and use of the inter-net, or just their sheer barbarism; I can draw no other conclusion than to say that the threat of Islamic extremism has reached an unacceptable level and that it is growing.’’. 
(4) In testimony before the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate, James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, stated the following: 
(A) ‘‘When the final counting is done, 2014 
will have been the most lethal year for global terrorism in the 45 years such data has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3059 May 14, 2015 
compiled . . . about half of all attacks, as well 
as fatalities, in 2014 occurred in just three coun-tries: Iraq, Pakistan and Afghanistan . . . the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) con-ducted more attacks than any other terrorist 
group in the first nine months of 2014.’’. 
(B) ‘‘Since the conflict began, more than 
20,000 Sunni foreign fighters have traveled to Syria from more than 90 countries to fight the Assad regime . . . of that number, at least 13,600 have extremist ties.’’. 
(C) ‘‘More than 3,400 Western fighters have 
gone to Syria and Iraq. Hundreds have returned home to Europe.’’. 
(D) ‘‘About 180 Americans or so have been in-
volved in various stages of travel to Syria . . . and some number have come back.’’. 
(E) ‘‘ISIL, al-Qaeda and al-Qaeda in the Ara-
bian Peninsula (AQAP), and, most recently, al- Shabaab are calling on their supporters to con-duct lone-wolf attacks against the United States and other Western countries. Of the 13 attacks in the West since last May, 12 were conducted by individual extremists.’’. 
(5) AQAP continues to be one of al-Qaeda’s 
most capable affiliates, has the intent and capa-bility to attack the United States and its allies, and attempted attacks inside the United States on December 25, 2009, and October 27, 2010. 
(6) Iran has been a Department of State-des-
ignated state sponsor of terrorism since January 19, 1984, and continues to sponsor and support terrorism throughout the Middle East region and around the world. 
(7) In testimony before the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate, former Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, General Jack Keane (re-tired), stated, ‘‘Is it possible to . . . claim that the United States policy and strategy is working or that al-Qaeda is on the run? It is unmistak-able that our policies have failed . . . And the unequivocal explanation is U.S. policy has fo-cused on disengaging from the Middle East.’’. 
(8) In testimony before the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate, former commander of United States Central Command, General James Mattis (retired), stated, ‘‘We have lived too long in a strategy-free mode . . . America needs a refreshed national strategy . . . And our Nation’s strategy demands a comprehensive ap-proach.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Islamic extremism is growing in the Middle 
East and elsewhere; 
(2) Iran continues to be a leading state spon-
sor of terrorism in the Middle East and across the globe and continues to actively work against United States interests; 
(3) the threat of terrorist attacks in the United 
States and threats against United States inter-ests have increased due to the growth of Islamic extremism, the proliferation of terrorist groups across the world, and the instability in the Mid-dle East in countries such as Libya, Yemen, Iraq, and Syria; 
(4) the approach of Building Partnership Ca-
pacity (BPC) and conducting limited counterter-rorism operations has had some positive effects in some locations, but has not prevented the proliferation and violence of terrorist groups or instability in the Middle East; 
(5) the United States should articulate, de-
velop, and implement an effective strategy to work with its allies and partners to defeat Is-lamic extremist groups that threaten the inter-ests of the Unites States and its allies; 
(6) support for United States allies and part-
ners in the Middle East is a critical component of the effort to prevent the spread of Islamic ex-tremism; 
(7) other actors, such as Russia, China, and 
Iran are trying to work against United States interests in the Middle East; 
(8) the United States should take a greater 
leadership role in fighting Islamic extremism and supporting stability in the Middle East to include coordinating actions of United States al-lies and partners in the region; (9) the United States plays a vital leadership 
role in coordinating the activities of the United States and its allies and partners and should seek opportunities to expand such cooperation to contribute to greater stability in the Middle East; 
(10) the United States should continue to take 
steps to prevent the spread of malign Iranian in-fluence in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, and the region; 
(11) the United States remains an indispen-
sable actor in the Middle East, and the Presi-dent should ensure that United States Armed Forces remain forward postured in the region to deter adversaries, fight threats to the United States and its interests, and support United States allies and partners in the region. 
(c) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than February 15, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the specified congres-sional committees a comprehensive strategy for the Middle East and to counter Islamic extre-mism. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The strategy 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A detailed description of the objectives 
and end state for the United States in the Mid-dle East and with respect to Islamic extremism. 
(B) A description of the roles and responsibil-
ities of the Department of State in such strat-egy. 
(C) A description of the roles and responsibil-
ities of the Department of Defense in such strat-egy. 
(D) A detailed description of actions to pre-
vent the weakening and failing of states in the Middle East. 
(E) A detailed description of actions to 
counter Islamic extremism, including Islamic ideology, strategy, and tactics globally. 
(F) A detailed definition of those states and 
non-state actors the United States will address to counter Islamic extremism. 
(G) A detailed description of actions to estab-
lish a coalition to carry out the strategy. 
(3) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .— 
In the section, the term ‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1223. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
(a) Q UARTERLY PROGRESS REPORT .—Sub-
section (d) of section 1236 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3561) is amended by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated in this Act for Overseas Contin-gency Operations in title XV for fiscal year 2016, there are authorized to be appropriated $715,000,000 to carry out such section. 
(c) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—Subsection (j)(1)(B) 
of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the following:’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘Any provision of law’’ and in-serting ‘‘any provision of law’’; and 
(2) by striking clause (ii). (d) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO ASSISTANCE  
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016.—Such section, as so 
amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO ASSISTANCE  
FORFISCAL YEAR2016.— 
‘‘(1) A SSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees an assessment of the extent to which the Government of Iraq is meeting the conditions described in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions described 
in this subparagraph are that the Government of Iraq— 
‘‘(i) is addressing the grievances of ethnic and 
sectarian minorities; 
‘‘(ii) is increasing political inclusiveness; ‘‘(iii) is conducting efforts sufficient to reduce 
support for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and improve stability in Iraq; 
‘‘(iv) is legislating the Iraqi Sunni National 
Guard; 
‘‘(v) is ensuring that minorities are rep-
resented in adequate numbers, trained, and equipped in government security organizations; 
‘‘(vi) is ending support to Shia militias and 
stopping abuses of elements of the Iraqi popu-lation by such militias; 
‘‘(vii) is ensuring that supplies, equipment, 
and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to security forces with a national security mission in Iraq, including the Kurdish Peshmerga, Sunni tribal security forces with a national security mission, and the Iraqi Sunni National Guard; 
‘‘(viii) is releasing prisoners from ethnic or 
sectarian minorities who have been arrested and held without trial or to charge and try such prisoners in a fair, transparent, and prompt manner; and 
‘‘(ix) is taking such other actions as the Secre-
taries consider appropriate. 
‘‘(C) U
PDATE .—The Secretary of Defense and 
the Secretary of State may submit an update of the assessment required under subparagraph (A) to the extent necessary. 
‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION .—The assessment required 
under subparagraph (A) and the update of the assessment authorized under subparagraph (C) may be submitted as part of the quarterly report required under subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTION ON DIRECT ASSISTANCE TO  
GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ .—If the Secretary of De-
fense and the Secretary of State do not submit the assessment required by paragraph (1) or if the Secretaries submit the assessment required by paragraph (1) but the assessment indicates that the Government of Iraq has not substan-tially achieved the conditions contained in the assessment, the Secretaries shall withhold the provision of assistance pursuant to subsection (a) directly to the Government of Iraq for fiscal year 2016 until such time as the Secretaries sub-mit an update of the assessment that indicates that the Government of Iraq has substantially achieved the conditions contained in the assess-ment. 
‘‘(3) D
IRECT ASSISTANCE TO CERTAIN COVERED  
GROUPS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated under this section for fiscal year 2016, not less than 25 percent of such funds shall be obligated and expended for assistance directly to the groups described in subparagraph (E) (of which not less than 12.5 percent of such funds shall be obligated and expended for assist-ance directly to the group described in clause (i) of such subparagraph). 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL DIRECT ASSISTANCE .—If the 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State withhold the provision of assistance pursuant to subsection (a) directly to the Government of Iraq for fiscal year 2016 in accordance with para-graph (2) of this subsection, the Secretaries shall obligate and expend not less than an additional 60 percent of all unobligated funds authorized to be appropriated under this section for fiscal year 2016 for assistance directly to the groups described in subparagraph (E). 
‘‘(C) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT INAPPLI -
CABLE .—The cost-sharing requirement of sub-
section (k) shall not apply with respect to funds that are obligated or expended for assistance di-rectly to the groups described in subparagraph (E). 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the groups described in subparagraph (E) shall each be deemed to be a country for purposes of meeting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3060 May 14, 2015 
the eligibility requirements of section 3 of the 
Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2753) and chapter 2 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2311 et seq.). 
‘‘(E) C
OVERED GROUPS .—The groups described 
in this subparagraph are— 
‘‘(i) the Kurdish Peshmerga; ‘‘(ii) Sunni tribal security forces with a na-
tional security mission; and 
‘‘(iii) the Iraqi Sunni National Guard.’’. 
SEC. 1224. REPORT ON UNITED STATES ARMED 
FORCES DEPLOYED IN SUPPORT OF OPERATION INHERENT RESOLVE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it should continue to be a top priority to 
provide United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve with the necessary force protection and combat search and rescue support; 
(2) United States military personnel who are 
tasked with the mission of providing combat search and rescue support, casualty evacuation, and medical support for Operation Inherent Re-solve should not be counted as part of any limi-tation on the number of United States ground forces for Operation Inherent Resolve; 
(3) military assets required to support United 
States Armed Forces deployed in support of Op-eration Inherent Resolve should be staged as forward as possible and as proximate to such United States Armed Forces as practicable given the operating environment and also should not be subject to any limitation on the number of United States ground forces for Operation In-herent Resolve; and 
(4) the President, the Secretary of Defense, 
and military commanders on the ground in sup-port of Operation Inherent Resolve should con-tinuously evaluate the force protection and com-bat search and rescue support requirements, and the associated measures that are being taken to support such requirements, in order to ensure that such requirements and associated measures are sufficient given the operating environment and optimally postured. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
(c) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report 
shall include the following: 
(1) The total number of members of the United 
States Armed Forces deployed in support of Op-eration Inherent Resolve for the most recent month for which data is available, delineated by service, component, country, and military task. 
(2) The total number of members of the United 
States Armed Forces conducting force protection and combat search and rescue, delineated by country, location in such country, and capa-bility. 
(3) An estimate for the three-month period fol-
lowing the date on which the report is submitted of the total number of members of the United States Armed Forces expected to be deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, delin-eated by service, component, country, and mili-tary task. 
(4) A description of the authorities and limita-
tions on the number of United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inher-ent Resolve. 
(5) A description of military functions that are 
and are not subject to the authorities and limi-tations described in paragraph (3). 
(6) Any changes to the authorities and limita-
tions described in paragraph (3) and the ration-ale for such changes. 
(7) Any changes to United States policy and 
authorities for United States Armed Forces de-ployed in support of Operation Inherent Re-solve. 
(8) Any other matters that the Secretary of 
Defense determines to be necessary. (d) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit re-
ports under this section shall terminate on the date on which Operation Inherent Resolve ter-minates or the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever occurs earlier. 
SEC. 1225. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO THE VET-TED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
Section 1209 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541) is amended by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated in this Act for Overseas Contin-gency Operations in title XV for fiscal year 2016, there are authorized to be appropriated $531,500,000 to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 1226. ASSISTANCE TO THE GOVERNMENT OF 
JORDAN FOR BORDER SECURITY OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may provide assistance on a reimbursement basis to the Government of Jordan for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan to sustain security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq. 
(2) F
REQUENCY .—Assistance may be provided 
under this subsection on a quarterly basis. 
(b) F UNDS AVAILABLE FOR ASSISTANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Assistance for the Border Security of Jordan’’ in title XV for fiscal year 2016, there are authorized to be appropriated $300,000,000 to carry out this sec-tion. 
(2) P
ROHIBITION ON CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Defense may not enter 
into any contractual obligation to provide as-sistance under the authority in subsection (a). 
(c) N
OTICE BEFORE EXERCISE .—Not later than 
15 days before providing assistance under the authority in subsection (a), the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report setting forth a full descrip-tion of the assistance to be provided, including the amount of assistance to be provided, and the timeline for the provision of such assistance. 
(d) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .— 
In the section, the term ‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(e) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—No assistance 
may be provided under the authority in sub-section (a) after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 1227. REPORT ON EFFORTS OF TURKEY TO 
FIGHT TERRORISM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the fol-lowing: 
(1) Turkey’s bilateral and multilateral efforts 
to combat the flow of foreign fighters through its country into Syria. 
(2) Turkey’s relationship with Hamas, includ-
ing its harboring of leaders of Hamas. 
(3) The efforts of Turkey to fight terrorism, in-
cluding Turkey’s military and humanitarian role in the anti-ISIS coalition. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Iran 
SEC. 1231. EXTENSION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON 
MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
(a) M ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—Subsection (b) 
of section 1245 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2544), as amended by section 1232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 920), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) An assessment of transfers to Iran of mili-
tary equipment, technology, and training from non-Iranian sources.’’. (b) T
ERMINATION .—Subsection (d) of such sec-
tion, as amended by section 1277 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3592), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1232. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE GOVERN-
MENT OF IRAN’S NUCLEAR PROGRAM AND ITS MALIGN MILITARY ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The understanding announced on April 2, 
2015, between the countries of the P5+1 (the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and China) and Iran on a Comprehensive Joint Plan of Action (CJPOA) provides sanctions relief in exchange for con-straints on Iran’s nuclear program for a limited period of time. 
(2) Iran continues to develop ballistic missiles 
in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1747 (2007) and 1929 (2010), has de-veloped medium-range ballistic missiles to target Israel and other United States allies, is working towards an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) capability and the CJPOA places no limitations on Iran’s ballistic and cruise missile development efforts. 
(3) The Secretary of State has designated Iran 
as a state-sponsor of terrorism since 1984 and for the past decade has characterized Iran as the ‘‘most active state sponsor of terrorism’’ in the world. 
(4) Iran continues to support Hezbollah in 
Lebanon, the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria, Shia militias in Iraq, Hamas in Gaza, the Houthi rebels in Yemen, and other terrorist or-ganizations and extremists globally. 
(5) Iran continues to conduct malign military 
activities across the Middle East and around the globe, which has and will continue to destabilize the region. As the Commander of United States Central Command testified to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on March 3, 2015, ‘‘the leaders in the region. . . are also equally concerned about Iran’s ability to mine the Straits, Iran’s cyber capabilities, Iran’s. . . ballistic missile capability, as well as the activity of their Quds forces... And so whether we get a deal or don’t get a deal, I think they will still share those concerns.’’. 
(6) Iran’s destabilizing activities throughout 
the region pose a threat to United States inter-ests, the interests of United States allies in the region, and international security. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Iran’s illicit pursuit, development, or ac-
quisition of a nuclear weapons capability and its malign military activities overall constitute a grave threat to regional stability and the na-tional security interests of the United States and its allies and partners; 
(2) Iran continues to expand its malign activi-
ties in the Middle East and globally, which may well increase under a CJPOA; 
(3) sanctions relief under the CJPOA will pro-
vide Iran the ability to increase funding for its ballistic missile development programs, acquisi-tion of destabilizing types and amounts of con-ventional weapons, support for terrorism, and other malign activities throughout the Middle East and globally; 
(4) United States bilateral and multilateral 
sanctions against Iran, once relieved, will be ex-tremely difficult to reconstitute in response to Iranian violations of its international obliga-tions; 
(5) Iran would be an internationally-approved 
nuclear-threshold state under the framework of the CJPOA, which will likely lead to the pro-liferation of nuclear weapons across the Middle East; 
(6) Congress should review and assess all ele-
ments of any agreement entered into between the countries of the P5+1 and Iran and it should approve or disapprove of any sanctions relief that results from such an agreement; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3061 May 14, 2015 
(7) the United States must continue to support 
the defense of allies and partners in the region, including Israel, strengthening ballistic missile defense capabilities, and increasing security as-sistance; 
(8) Congress supports efforts to reach a peace-
ful, diplomatic solution to permanently and verifiably end Iran’s pursuit, development, and acquisition of a nuclear weapons capability, and it reaffirms that it is United States policy that Iran will not be allowed to develop a nu-clear weapons capability and that all instru-ments of United States power must be considered to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weap-on; and 
(9) Congress reaffirms the rights of United 
States allies to exercise their legitimate right to self-defense against the Government of Iran. 
SEC. 1233. REPORT ON MILITARY POSTURE RE-
QUIRED IN THE MIDDLE EAST TO DETER IRAN FROM DEVELOPING A NUCLEAR WEAPON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to Congress a re-port regarding the military posture required in the Middle East to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
(b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include a discus-sion of the military forces, bases and capabilities required to— 
(1) maintain a military option of preventing 
Iran from achieving a nuclear weapon; 
(2) counter Iran’s military activities; and (3) protect the United States military and 
other interests in the region. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
SEC. 1241. NOTIFICATIONS AND UPDATES RELAT-
ING TO TESTING, PRODUCTION, DE-PLOYMENT, AND SALE OR TRANSFER TO OTHER STATES OR NON-STATE ACTORS OF THE CLUB-K CRUISE MIS-SILE SYSTEM BY THE RUSSIAN FED-ERATION. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS .— 
(1) R EGARDING TESTING , PRODUCTION , DEPLOY -
MENT , AND SALE OR TRANSFER .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress quarterly notifications on the testing, production, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or non-state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
(2) U
PON DEPLOYMENT OR SALE OR TRANS -
FER.—Not later than seven days after the Sec-
retary determines that there is reasonable grounds to believe that the Russian Federation has deployed or sold or transferred to other states or non-state actors the Club-K cruise mis-sile system, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a notification of such determination. 
(3) F
ORM.—A notification required under 
paragraph (1) or (2) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit 
to the appropriate committees of Congress not less than quarterly updates on the coordination of allied responses to the deployment or sale or transfer to other states or non-state actors of the Club-K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
(2) F
ORM.—The update required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if nec-essary. 
(c) S
TRATEGY .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—The Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff shall develop a strategy to detect, defend against, and defeat the Club-K cruise missile system, including opportunities for allied contributions to such efforts based on consultations with such allies. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the appropriate committees of 
Congress the strategy developed under para-graph (1). 
(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(e) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this section 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1242. NOTIFICATIONS OF DEPLOYMENT OF 
NUCLEAR WEAPONS BY RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO TERRITORY OF UKRAINIAN REPUBLIC. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS .— 
(1) R EGARDING POSSIBLE DEPLOYMENT .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees quarterly notifi-cations on the status of the Russian Federation conducting exercises with, planning or pre-paring to deploy, or deploying covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Re-public. 
(2) U
PON DEPLOYMENT .—Not later than seven 
days after the Secretary determines that there is reasonable grounds to believe that the Russian Federation has deployed covered weapons sys-tems onto the territory of the Ukranian Repub-lic, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of such determination. 
(3) F
ORM.—A notification required under 
paragraph (1) or (2) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. 
(b) S
TRATEGY .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—The Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff shall develop a strategy to respond to the military threat posed by the Rus-sian Federation deploying covered weapons sys-tems onto the territory of the Ukranian Repub-lic, including opportunities for allied coopera-tion in developing such responses based on con-sultation with such allies. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than June 30, 2016, 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees the following: 
(A) The strategy developed under paragraph 
(1). 
(B) The views of the Secretary of Defense with 
respect to the strategy developed under para-graph (1), if any. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OVERED WEAPONS SYSTEMS .—The term 
‘‘covered weapons systems’’ means weapons sys-tems that can perform both conventional and nuclear missions, nuclear weapon delivery sys-tems, and nuclear warheads. 
(d) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this section 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1243. NON-COMPLIANCE BY THE RUSSIAN 
FEDERATION WITH ITS OBLIGA-TIONS UNDER THE INF TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The Department of State, on July 31, 2014, 
released the Annual Report on the ‘‘Adherence to and Compliance With Arms Control, Non-proliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’ which included the finding that, ‘‘The United States has determined that the Russian Federation is in violation of its obliga-tions under the INF Treaty not to possess, produce, or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile (GLCM) with a range capability of 500 km to 5,500 km, or to possess or produce launch-ers of such missiles.’’. (2) According to the testimony of senior offi-
cials of the Department of State, the Russian Federation is not complying with numerous treaties and agreements, including the INF Treaty, the Open Skies Treaty, the Biological Weapons Convention, the Chemical Weapons Convention, the Vienna Document, the Buda-pest Memorandum, the Istanbul Commitments, the Presidential Nuclear Initiatives, the Missile Technology Control Regime, and the Russian Federation has recently withdrawn from the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe (CFE). 
(3) The Commander of U.S. European Com-
mand, and Supreme Allied Commander of Eu-rope, General Philip Breedlove, USAF, stated that ‘‘[a] weapon capability that violates the I.N.F., that is introduced into the greater Euro-pean land mass is absolutely a tool that will have to be dealt with . . . I would not judge how the alliance will choose to react, but I would say they will have to consider what to do about it, [i]t can’t go unanswered.’’. 
(4) General Breedlove has further stated that 
‘‘ we need to first and foremost signal that we cannot accept this change and that, if this change is continued, that we will have to change the cost calculus for Russia in order to help them to find their way to a less bellicose position.’’. 
(5) General Martin Dempsey, Chairman, Joint 
Chiefs of Staff testified that, ‘‘I think we have to make it very clear that things like their com-pliance with the INF treaty that there will be political, diplomatic and potentially military costs in terms of the way we posture ourselves and the way we plan and work with our allies to address those provocations. . .It concerns me greatly. I certainly would counsel them not to roll back the clock.’’. 
(6) The Secretary of Defense, Ashton B. Car-
ter, testified that, ‘‘On the military side, we have begun to consider . . . what our options are, because the INF treaty is a treaty, meaning that it’s a two-way street. We accepted con-straints in return for constraints of the then So-viet Union. It is a two-way street, and we need to remind them that it’s a two-way street, mean-ing that we, without an INF treaty, can take action also that we both decided years ago was best for neither of us to take.’’. 
(7) The Department of Defense has been con-
sidering a range of military options to respond to the Russian Federation’s violation of the INF Treaty and these options would ‘‘aim to negate any advantage Russia might gain from deploy-ing an INF-prohibited system, and all of these would be designed to make us more secure’’, and these options ‘‘fall into three broad categories: active defenses to counter intermediate-range ground-launched cruise missiles; counterforce capabilities to prevent intermediate-range ground-launched cruise missile attacks; and countervailing strike capabilities to enhance U.S. or allied forces.’’. 
(8) President Barack Obama stated in Prague 
in 2009 that, ‘‘Rules must be binding. Violations must be punished. Words must mean some-thing.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that— 
(1) the Russian Federation should return to 
compliance with the INF Treaty; 
(2) the continuing violation of the INF Treaty 
by the Russian Federation threatens the viabil-ity of the INF Treaty; 
(3) the United States has reportedly been un-
dertaking diplomatic efforts to address with the Russia Federation its violations of the INF Treaty since 2013, and the Russian Federation has failed to respond to these efforts in any meaningful way; 
(4) not only should the Russian Federation 
end its cheating with respect to the INF Treaty, but also its illegal occupation of the sovereign territory of another nation, its plans for sta-tioning nuclear weapons on that nation’s terri-tory, and its cheating and violation of as many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3062 May 14, 2015 
as eight of its 12 arms control obligations and 
agreements; and 
(5) there are several United States military re-
quirements that would be addressed by the de-velopment and deployment of systems currently prohibited by the INF Treaty. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION OF RUSSIAN VIOLATIONS OF  
INF T REATY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of— 
(A) whether the Russian Federation has 
flight-tested, deployed, or possesses a military system that has achieved an initial operating capability of a covered missile system; and 
(B) whether the Russian Federation has 
begun steps to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to inspec-tions and verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any covered missile system will be eliminated, as required by the INF Treaty upon its entry into force. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—The notification required 
under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than 30 days after the date on which the Russian Federation meets any of the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
(3) F
ORM.—The notification required under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if nec-essary. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION OF COORDINATION WITHAL-
LIESREGARDING INF T REATY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment, and every 120-day period thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State and the Director of National In-telligence, shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a notification on the status and content of updates provided to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and allies of the United States in East Asia, on the Russian Federation’s flight testing, oper-ating capability and deployment of a covered missile system, including updates on the status and a description of efforts with such allies to develop collective responses, including economic and military responses, to the Russian Federa-tion’s arms control violations, including viola-tions of the INF Treaty. 
(2) F
ORM.—The notification required under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if nec-essary. 
(e) M
ILITARY RESPONSE OPTIONS TO RUSSIAN  
FEDERATION VIOLATION OF THE TREATY ON IN-
TERMEDIATE RANGE NUCLEAR FORCES .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT OF CAPABILITIES .—If, as of 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent determines that the Russian Federation has not begun steps to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to inspections and verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any covered missile system will be eliminated, as required by the INF Treaty upon its entry into force, the President shall begin developing the following military capabilities: 
(A) Counterforce capabilities to prevent inter-
mediate-range ground-launched ballistic missile and cruise missile attacks, including capabilities that may be acquired from allies. 
(B) Countervailing strike capabilities to en-
hance the Armed Forces of the United States or allies of the United States, including capabilities that may be acquired from allies. 
(2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR REC -
OMMENDED CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary of De-
fense may use funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, to carry out the development of capabilities pursuant to paragraph (1) that are recommended by the 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to meet military requirements and current capability gaps. In making such a selection, the Chairman shall give priority to such capabilities that the Chairman determines could be tested and fielded most expediently, with the most priority given to capabilities that the Chairman determines could be fielded in two years. 
(3) R
EPORTS ON DEVELOPMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—During each 180-day period 
beginning on the date on which funds are first obligated to develop capabilities under para-graph (2), the Chairman shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report on such capabilities, including the costs of develop-ment (and estimated total costs of each system if pursued to deployment) and the timeline for de-velopment flight testing and deployment. 
(B) S
UNSET .—The provisions of subparagraph 
(A) shall not be in effect on and after the date on which the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the INF Treaty is no longer in force or the Russian Fed-eration has fully returned to compliance with its obligations under the INF Treaty. 
(4) R
EPORT ON DEPLOYMENT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the following: 
(A) Potential deployment locations of the mili-
tary capabilities described in paragraph (1) in East Asia and Eastern Europe, including any potential basing agreements that may be re-quired to facilitate such deployments. 
(B) Any required safety and security meas-
ures, estimates of potential costs of deployments described in subparagraph (A) and an assess-ment of whether or not such deployments in Eastern Europe may require a decision of the North Atlantic Council. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means the following: 
(A) The congressional defense committees. (B) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
(C) The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
(2) C
OVERED MISSILE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘cov-
ered missile system’’ means ground-launched ballistic missiles or ground-launched cruise mis-siles with a flight-tested range of between 500 and 5500 kilometers. 
(3) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Re-publics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Wash-ington, December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SEC. 1244. MODIFICATION OF NOTIFICATION AND 
ASSESSMENT OF PROPOSAL TO MOD-IFY OR INTRODUCE NEW AIRCRAFT OR SENSORS FOR FLIGHT BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNDER OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
Section 1242(b)(1) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3563) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘90 
days’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘and the Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the commander of each relevant combatant command’’. 
SEC. 1245. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT 
FOR ESTONIA, LATVIA, AND LITH-UANIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and 
Lithuania are highly valued allies of the United States, and they have repeatedly demonstrated 
their commitment to advancing our mutual in-terests as well as those of the NATO Alliance. 
(2) Operation Atlantic Resolve is a series of 
exercises and coordinating efforts meant to dem-onstrate the United States’ commitment to the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, and the United States-Baltic partnership’s shared goal of peace and stability in the region. Built upon the common values of peace, sta-bility and prosperity, Operation Atlantic Re-solve strengthens communication and under-standing, and is an important effort to deter Russian aggression against the Baltic States. 
(3) As part of Operation Atlantic Resolve, the 
European Reassurance Initiative undertakes ex-ercises, training, and rotational presence nec-essary to reassure and integrate our Baltic State allies into a common defense framework. 
(4) All three Baltic States contributed to the 
NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sending disproportionate numbers of troops and operating with few cave-ats. They also continue to engage in the Reso-lute Support Mission in Afghanistan. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
(1) reaffirms its support for the principle of 
collective defense as enshrined in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty for our NATO allies, Es-tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; 
(2) supports the sovereignty, independence, 
territorial integrity, and inviolability of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania as well as their inter-nationally recognized borders, and expresses concerns over increasingly aggressive military maneuvering by Russia near their borders and airspace; 
(3) expresses concerns over increasingly ag-
gressive military maneuvering by the Russian Federation near Baltic state borders and air-space, and condemns reported subversive and destabilizing activities by the Russian Federa-tion within the Baltic states; and 
(4) encourages the Administration to further 
enhance defense cooperation efforts with Esto-nia, Latvia, and Lithuania and supports the ef-forts of their Governments to provide for the de-fense of their people and sovereign territory. 
SEC. 1246. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT 
FOR GEORGIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Georgia is a valued friend of the United 
States and has repeatedly demonstrated its com-mitment to advancing the mutual interests of both countries, including the deployment of Georgian forces as part of the NATO-led Inter-national Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan and the Multi-National Force in Iraq. 
(2) The European Reassurance Initiative 
builds the partnership capacity of Georgia so it can work more closely with the United States and NATO, as well as provide for their own de-fense. 
(3) In addition to the European Reassurance 
Initiative, Georgia’s participation in the NATO initiative Partnership for Peace is paramount to interoperability with the United States and NATO, and establishing a more peaceful envi-ronment in the region. 
(4) Despite the heavy and painful losses suf-
fered during the ISAF, as a NATO partner Georgia is engaged in the Resolute Support Mis-sion in Afghanistan with the second largest con-tingent on the ground. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
(1) reaffirms United States support for Geor-
gia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally-recognized borders, and does not recognize the Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions, currently occupied by Russia, as inde-pendent; and 
(2) supports continued cooperation between 
the United States and Georgia and the efforts of the Government of Georgia to provide for the de-fense of its people and sovereign territory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3063 May 14, 2015 
Subtitle F—Matters Relating to the Asia- 
Pacific Region 
SEC. 1251. SENSE OF CONGRESS RECOGNIZING 
THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE END OF ALLIED MILITARY ENGAGE-MENT IN THE PACIFIC THEATER. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings 
(1) September 2, 2015, marks the 70th anniver-
sary of the end of Allied military engagement in the Pacific theater, also marking the end of the Second World War. 
(2) The United States entered the Second 
World War in December 1941, following the Em-pire of Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor, and over the next four years Americans participated in what was arguably the greatest national en-deavor in the Nation’s history. 
(3) The casualty toll of Americans in the Pa-
cific theater during the Second World War was approximately 92,904 killed, 208,333 wounded, and tens of thousands missing in action and prisoners of war, with civilians and military forces of the Allied Powers suffering equally devastating tolls. 
(4) American military forces displayed extraor-
dinary courage and suffered significant casual-ties in battles across the Pacific theater, includ-ing in the Battle of the Philippine Sea, the Bat-tle of Leyte Gulf, the Philippines Campaign, the Battle of Iwo Jima, and the Battle of Okinawa. 
(5) Japanese military forces and the Japanese 
civilian population also suffered staggering losses. 
(6) On August 15, 1945, Emperor Hirohito of 
Japan announced the unconditional surrender of Japan’s military forces, made formal on Sep-tember 2, 1945, aboard the U.S.S. Missouri in Tokyo Bay, Japan, thus ending the most dev-astating war in human history. 
(7) Japan is now a free and prosperous democ-
racy; a valued ally with shared values and mu-tual interests based on the principles of democ-racy, individual liberty, and the rule of law, who serves as a cornerstone for peace and secu-rity in the region and for whom the United States seeks to further enhance security, eco-nomic, and diplomatic ties. 
(8) The bravery and sacrifice of the members 
of the United States Armed Forces and the mili-tary forces of the Allied Powers who served val-iantly to rescue the Pacific nations from tyr-anny and aggression should be always remem-bered. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
(1) recognizes the 70th anniversary of the end 
of Allied military engagement in the Pacific the-ater, and also marking the end of Second World War; 
(2) joins with a grateful nation in expressing 
respect and appreciation to the members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific theater during the Second World War; 
(3) remembers and honors those Americans 
who made the ultimate sacrifice and gave their lives for their country during the campaigns in the Pacific theater during the Second World War; and 
(4) preserves and applies the lessons learned 
from the history of the Second World War in the Pacific theater and recognizes the close alliance between the United States and Japan, codified in the 1960 Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security between the United States and Japan, that continues to be enhanced to maintain peace and prosperity in the region. 
SEC. 1252. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
CONSOLIDATION OF UNITED STATES MILITARY FACILITIES IN OKINAWA, JAPAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The defense alliance between the United 
States and Japan remains important and strong. 
(2) Progress continues to be made in the 
United States and Japan to fulfill the April 27, 2012, agreement of the United States-Japan Se-curity Consultative Committee that modified the United States-Japan Roadmap for Realignment Implementation, originally codified on May 1, 
2006, including the Governor of Okinawa sign-ing the landfill permit for Henoko construction on December 27, 2013, and the elimination of re-strictions on Government of Japan contributions for the realignment of Marine Corps forces in the Asia-Pacific region by section 2821 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113– 291). 
(3) The Government of Japan has made sig-
nificant and unprecedented direct financial contributions of more than $3,000,000,000 to the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account pursuant to section 2350k of title 10, United States Code, for the relocation of Marine Corps forces from Okinawa to Guam and the re-location of certain training from Okinawa to the Marianas region, of which nearly $1,000,000,000 has already been received from the Government of Japan, and a significant amount of these funds has already been obligated and expended to support the relocation of Marine Corps forces on Guam. 
(4) It is important to return formerly used 
United States military property in Okinawa to the local government. 
(5) Consolidation of United States facilities 
and the return of formerly used United States military property in Okinawa will be imple-mented as soon as possible, while ensuring oper-ational capability, including training capa-bility, throughout the consolidation process. 
(6) Under the April 27, 2012, agreement re-
ferred to in paragraph (2), the United States is authorized to establish Marine Air-Ground Task Forces at additional locations in the Asia-Pa-cific region, including Guam, Hawaii, and Aus-tralia, which will enhance their readiness pos-ture through flexibility and speed to respond to regional threats and maintain regional peace, stability, and security. 
(7) Even though realignment of Marine Corps 
forces from Okinawa to Guam is ‘‘de-linked’’ from progress on the construction of the Futenma Replacement Facility in Henoko, there must be continued progress on Guam and Oki-nawa to meet the agreement. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Henoko location for the Futenma Replacement Facility— 
(1) has been studied and analyzed for several 
decades, reaffirmed by both the United States and Japan on several occasions, including the 2010 Futenma Replacement Facility Bilateral Experts study and the independent assessment required by section 346 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1373); and 
(2) remains the only option for the Futenma 
Replacement Facility. 
SEC. 1253. STRATEGY TO PROMOTE UNITED 
STATES INTERESTS IN THE INDO- ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—The President shall develop 
an overall strategy to promote United States in-terests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. Such strategy shall be informed by the following: 
(1) The national security strategy of the 
United States for 2015 set forth in the national security strategy report required under section 108(a)(3) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 5043(a)(3)), as such strategy relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) The strategy to prioritize United States de-
fense interests in the Asia-Pacific region as con-tained in the report required by section 1251(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
(3) The integrated, multi-year planning and 
budget strategy for a rebalancing of United States policy in Asia submitted to Congress pur-suant to section 7043(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–76)). (b) P
RESIDENTIAL POLICY DIRECTIVE .—The 
President shall issue a Presidential Policy Di-rective to relevant Federal departments and agencies that contains the strategy developed under subsection (a) and includes implementing guidance to such departments and agencies. 
(c) R
ELATION TO AGENCY PRIORITY GOALS AND  
ANNUAL BUDGET .— 
(1) A GENCY PRIORITY GOALS .—In identifying 
agency priority goals under section 1120(b) of title 31, United States Code, for each relevant Federal department and agency, the head of such department or agency, or as otherwise de-termined by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, shall take into consider-ation the strategy developed under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
(2) A
NNUAL BUDGET .—The President, acting 
through the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall ensure that the annual budget submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, includes a sepa-rate section that clearly highlights programs and projects that are being funded in the an-nual budget that relate to the strategy devel-oped under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
SEC. 1254. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES ALLIANCE WITH JAPAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the United States highly values its alliance 
with the Government of Japan as a cornerstone of peace and security in the region, based on shared values of democracy, the rule of law, free and open markets, and respect for human rights in order to promote peace, security, stability, and economic prosperity in the Asia-Pacific re-gion; 
(2) the United States welcomes Japan’s deci-
sion to contribute more proactively to regional and global peace and security; 
(3) the United States supports recent changes 
in Japanese defense policy, including the adop-tion of collective self-defense and the new bilat-eral Guidelines for U.S.-Japan Defense Coopera-tion which were approved on April 27, 2015, and will promote a more balanced and effective alli-ance to meet the emerging security challenges of this century; 
(4) the United States and Japan should con-
tinue to improve joint interoperability and col-laborate on developing future capabilities with which to maintain regional stability in an in-creasingly uncertain security environment; 
(5) the United States and Japan should con-
tinue efforts to strengthen regional multilateral institutions that promote economic and security cooperation based on internationally accepted rules and norms; 
(6) the United States acknowledges that the 
Senkaku Islands are under the administration of Japan and opposes any unilateral actions that would seek to undermine such administra-tion and remains committed under the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the administration of Japan; and 
(7) the United States reaffirms its commitment 
to the Government of Japan under Article V of the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security that ‘‘[e]ach Party recognizes that an armed at-tack against either Party in the territories under the administration of Japan would be dangerous to its own peace and safety and declares that it would act to meet the common danger in accord-ance with its constitutional provisions and proc-esses’’. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1261. NON-CONVENTIONAL ASSISTED RE-
COVERY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 943 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4579), as most recently amend-ed by section 1261 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3064 May 14, 2015 
113–291; 128 Stat. 3579), is further amended by 
striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) R EVISION TO ANNUAL LIMITATION ON  
FUNDS.—Subsection (a) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘an amount’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘may be’’ and inserting ‘‘amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LIMIT .—The total amount made 
available for support of non-conventional as-sisted recovery activities under this subsection in any fiscal year may not exceed $25,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 1262. AMENDMENT TO THE ANNUAL REPORT 
UNDER ARMS CONTROL AND DISAR-MAMENT ACT. 
Subsection (e) of section 403 of the Arms Con-
trol and Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than June 15 of 
each year described in paragraph (2), the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the 
appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a detailed assessment, consistent with the provision of classified information and intelligence sources and methods, of the adher-ence of other nations to obligations undertaken in all arms control, nonproliferation, and disar-mament agreements or commitments to which the United States is a party, including informa-tion of cases in which any such nation has be-haved inconsistently with respect to its obliga-tions undertaken in such agreements or commit-ments. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED YEAR .—A year described in this 
paragraph is a year in which the President fails to submit the report required by subsection (a) by not later than April 15 of such year. 
‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The report required by this sub-
section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if nec-essary.’’. 
SEC. 1263. PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR NATO 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS HEAD-QUARTERS. 
Section 1244(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2541), as most recently amended by section 1272 of the National Defense Author-ization Act of Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2023), is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 pursuant to section 301’’ and inserting ‘‘for any fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 1264. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION TO 
CONDUCT ACTIVITIES TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITY OF FOREIGN COUN-TRIES TO RESPOND TO INCIDENTS INVOLVING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION. 
Section 1204(h) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 10 U.S.C. 401 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 1265. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RESEARCH, DEVELOP-MENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION, AIR FORCE, FOR ARMS CONTROL IMPLE-MENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not more than 50 percent of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evalua-tion, Air Force, for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F) may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the following: 
(1) A description of any meetings of the Open 
Skies Consultative Commission during the prior year. (2) A description of any agreements entered 
into during such meetings of the Open Skies Consultative Commission. 
(3) A description of any future year proposals 
for modifications to the aircraft or sensors of any State Party to the Open Skies Treaty that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open 
Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SEC. 1266. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR 
SUPPORT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS TO COMBAT TERRORISM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of section 1208 
of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2086), as most recently amend-ed by section 1208(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), is further amended by striking ‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Subsection (f)(1) of 
such section 1208, as most recently amended by section 1202(c) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2512), is further amended by striking ‘‘120 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days and not later than 180 days’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsections (a) and (b) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to each fiscal year that begins on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1267. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL ANTI-TUNNEL 
DEFENSE COOPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(A) Tunnels have been used for centuries 
around the world as a means of avoiding detec-tion or circumventing defenses. 
(B) Tunnels can be used for criminal pur-
poses, such as smuggling drugs, weapons, or hu-mans, or for terrorist or military purposes, such as launching surprise attacks or detonating ex-plosives underneath infrastructure. 
(C) Tunnels have been a growing threat on 
the southern border of the United States for more than 11 years, and the Department of Homeland Security has been working to address this threat. 
(D) The conflict in Gaza in 2014 showed that 
terrorists are now actively using tunnels as a means of attack, and news reports indicate that tunnels are being used in Syria as well. 
(E) Terrorist organizations are quick to adopt 
successful tactics, and it is only a matter of time before other terrorist organizations begin using tunnels. 
(F) The facilities of the United States, and 
those of the allies of the United States, could be under threat very quickly if tunnel threats con-tinue to proliferate. 
(G) Hamas, Hezbollah, and the Palestinian Is-
lamic Jihad are United States-designated ter-rorist organizations. 
(H) Designated Palestinian terrorist organiza-
tions have killed hundreds of Israelis and doz-ens of Americans in rocket attacks and suicide bombings. 
(I) Hamas has used underground tunnels to 
Israel and Egypt to smuggle weapons, money, and supplies into Gaza and to send members of Hamas out of Gaza for training and to bring trainers in to Gaza to teach Hamas how to man-ufacture rockets and build better tunnels. Tun-nels in Gaza have also been used as under-ground rocket launching sites, weapons caches, bunkers, transportation networks and command and control centers. (J) In 2006, Hamas kidnapped Israeli soldier 
Gilad Shalit through a tunnel and held him for five years. 
(K) The Israel Defense Forces discovered 32 
tunnels during the conflict with Hamas in the summer of 2014, 14 of which crossed into Israel. 
(L) Hamas intentionally uses civilians as 
human shields by placing its underground tun-nel network in densely populated areas and schools, hospitals, and mosques. 
(M) Hamas’s placement of explosive material 
in its vast network of tunnels in Gaza has caused civilian casualties through secondary and tertiary explosions. 
(N) While the unemployment rate in Gaza is 
at 38 percent, it is estimated that Hamas spends $3,000,000 per tunnel. 
(O) United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki- 
moon said he was ‘‘shocked by the tunnels used for the infiltration of terrorists’’. 
(P) Hamas has claimed to be rebuilding tun-
nels in Gaza after the war with Israel in the summer of 2014. 
(Q) Hezbollah has used underground tunnels 
in southern Lebanon to move Hezbollah fighters and to launch attacks. 
(R) The Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims to be 
digging new tunnels on the Gaza border. Israel has a right to defend itself from the violence of Palestinian terrorist groups, including the vio-lence that is facilitated through terrorist tunnel networks. 
(S) The United States is working cooperatively 
with the Government of Israel to develop tech-nologies to detect and neutralize tunnels pene-trating the territory of Israel. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(A) it is in the best interests of the United 
States to develop technology to detect and counter tunnels, and the best way to do this is to partner with other affected countries; and 
(B) Israel is facing serious threats posed by 
tunnels and should be the first partner of the United States in addressing this significant challenge. 
(b) A
SSISTANCE TO ISRAEL TO ESTABLISH AN  
ANTI-TUNNELING DEFENSE SYSTEM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President, upon request 
of the Government of Israel, is authorized to carry out research, development, and test activi-ties on a joint basis with Israel to establish an anti-tunneling defense system to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels into and directed at the territory of Israel. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—None of the funds au-
thorized to be appropriated to carry out this sec-tion may be obligated or expended to carry out subsection (a) until the President certifies to Congress the following: 
(A) The President has finalized a memo-
randum of understanding or other formal agree-ment between the United States and Israel re-garding sharing of research and development costs for the system described in paragraph (1). 
(B) The understanding or agreement— (i) requires sharing of costs of projects, includ-
ing the cost of claims and in-kind support, be-tween the United States and Israel on an equi-table basis unless the President determines, on a case-by-case basis, the Government of Israel is unable to contribute on an equitable basis; 
(ii) requires the designation of payment of 
non-recurring engineering costs in connection with the establishment of a capacity for co-pro-duction in the United States; 
(iii) establishes a framework to negotiate the 
rights to any intellectual property developed under the cooperative research and development projects; and 
(iv) requires the United States Government to 
receive quarterly reports on expenditure of funds by the Government of Israel, including a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identi-fication of entities that expended the funds. 
(3) A
SSISTANCE .—The President, upon request 
of the Government of Israel, is authorized to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3065 May 14, 2015 
provide assistance to Israel for the procurement, 
maintenance, and sustainment of an anti-tun-neling system described in paragraph (1). 
(c) A
SSISTANCE TO OTHER ALLIES TO ESTAB-
LISH AN ANTI-TUNNELING DEFENSE SYSTEM .—In 
addition to the memorandum of understanding or other formal agreement described in sub-section (b), the President is authorized to seek to enter into a similar memorandum of under-standing or other formal agreement with any other ally of the United States upon request of the government of such ally. 
(d) D
ESIGNATION OF LEAD DEVELOPMENT  
AGENCY .—The Secretary of Defense, with the 
concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall des-ignate a military department or other element of the Department of Defense to carry out sub-sections (b) and (c) as the lead agency of the Federal Government for developing technology to detect and counter tunnels. 
(e) R
EPORTING .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—The President shall sub-
mit to Congress a report that contains a copy of the memorandum of understanding or other for-mal agreement between the United States and Israel as described in subsection (b)(2)(A) or similar agreement described in subsection (c). 
(2) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—The President shall 
submit to Congress a quarterly report that con-tains a copy of the most-recent quarterly report provided by the Government of Israel to the De-partment of Defense pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(B)(iv). 
(3) C
OMPREHENSIVE REPORT .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the following: 
(A) Instances of tunnels being used to attack 
installations of the United States or allies of the United States. 
(B) Trends or developments in tunnel attacks 
throughout the world. 
(C) Key technologies used and challenges 
faced by potential adversaries of the United States with respect to using tunnels. 
(D) The capabilities of the Department of De-
fense for defending fixed or forward locations from tunnel attacks. 
(E) Partnerships entered into with allies of 
the United States under this section, and poten-tial opportunities for increased partnerships with other allies with respect to researching tunnel detection technologies and the opportu-nities for co-development or co-production. 
(F) The plans, including with respect to fund-
ing, of the Secretary for countering threats posed by tunnels. 
SEC. 1268. EFFORTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE TO PREVENT AND RESPOND TO GENDER-BASED VIOLENCE GLOB-ALLY. 
(a) F INDINGS AND STATEMENT OF POLICY .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(A) Gender-based violence reaches every cor-
ner of the world, affecting millions of people ever year and one in three women in her life-time. This epidemic not only undermines the safety, dignity, and human rights of the indi-vidual, family and community, it affects public health, economic stability, and security of na-tions, which in turn has a direct impact upon United States foreign policy, defense interests, democracy, governance, and peace-building ef-forts. 
(B) With one of the largest international foot-
prints in the United States government, the De-partment of Defense is an integral part of com-bating the epidemic of gender-based violence, es-pecially in conflict regions. 
(C) Section 7061 of the Joint Explanatory 
Statement of the Committee of Conference ac-companying the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 directed the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to develop and sub-mit to Congress a multi-year strategy to prevent and respond to gender-based violence. 
(D) Executive Order 13623 of August 10, 2012 
(77 Fed. Reg. 49345) established the United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gen-
der-Based Violence Globally, which required the Department of Defense to participate in an Interagency Working Group co-chaired by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development to imple-ment the Strategy. 
(E) The Joint Explanatory Statement of the 
Committee of Conference accompanying the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (H.R. 3979, Public Law 113-291), en-couraged the Department of Defense to support the continued implementation of the United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gen-der-Based Violence Globally and to participate in the Interagency Working Group. 
(F) Executive Order 13623 requires within 3 
years of August 12, 2012, that the Interagency Working Group shall complete a final evalua-tion of the Strategy and within 180 days of com-pleting its final evaluation, the Interagency Working Group shall update or revise the Strat-egy to take into account the information learned and the progress made during and through the implementation of the Strategy. 
(2) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is in the na-
tional security interest of the United States to— 
(A) prevent gender-based violence which will 
promote regional and global stability and ad-vance sustainable peace and security; 
(B) have a multi-year strategy in place that 
will effectively prevent and respond to gender- based violence globally; and 
(C) ensure that existing laws and regulations 
relating to the Department of Defense are fully implemented to prevent gender-based violence globally. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT TO CONTINUE IMPLEMENTA -
TION OF A UNITED STATES GLOBAL STRATEGY ON  
GENDER -BASED VIOLENCE PREVENTION AND RE-
SPONSE .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that the Department of Defense— 
(1) continues to implement the United States 
Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender- Based Violence Globally, as appropriate; and 
(2) pursuant to the intent laid out in Execu-
tive Order 13623, continues to participate in any Interagency Working Group described in sub-section (a)(1)(D) or in interagency collaborative efforts to develop or update a United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender- Based Violence Globally, as appropriate 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE GENDER -BASED  
TRAINING .—The Secretary of Defense is author-
ized to— 
(1) provide training for the United States 
Armed Forces, Department of Defense per-sonnel, and contractors and military observers on preventing and responding to violence against women and girls globally in conflict, post-conflict, and humanitarian relief settings; and 
(2) utilize the Department of Defense’s oper-
ational capabilities to train professional foreign military, police forces, and judicial officials on preventing and responding to violence against women and girls globally. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report on efforts to prevent and respond to gender-based violence globally made under a United States strategy. 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) describe the efforts of the Department of 
Defense in the Interagency Working Group de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(D) to implement the international gender-based violence prevention and response strategy, funding allocations, pro-gramming, and associated outcomes; and 
(B) provide an assessment of human and fi-
nancial resources necessary to fulfill the pur-poses and duties of such strategy. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The report required 
under paragraph (1) shall be made publicly ac-cessible in a timely manner. (4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE 
THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  
REDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the 
term ‘‘fiscal year 2016 Cooperative Threat Re-duction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the fund-ing table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Funds appro-
priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fis-cal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $358,496,000 authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Re-duction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes spec-ified: 
(1) For strategic offensive arms elimination, 
$1,289,000. 
(2) For chemical weapons destruction, 
$942,000. 
(3) For global nuclear security, $20,555,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, 
$264,618,000. 
(5) For proliferation prevention, $38,945,000. (6) For threat reduction engagement, 
$2,827,000. 
(7) For activities designated as Other Assess-
ments/Administrative Costs, $29,320,000. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the National De-fense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1403. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS 
DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4501. 
(b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— 
(1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents 
and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and 
(2) the destruction of chemical warfare mate-
riel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3066 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 1404. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1406. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. 
SEC. 1407. NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE 
FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the National Sea- Based Deterrence Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
SEC. 1411. EXTENSION OF DATE FOR COMPLE-
TION OF DESTRUCTION OF EXISTING STOCKPILE OF LETHAL CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS. 
Section 1412(b)(3) of the Department of De-
fense Authorization Act, 1986 (Public Law 99– 145; 50 U.S.C. 1521) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. 
Subtitle C—Working-Capital Funds 
SEC. 1421. LIMITATION ON FURLOUGH OF DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE EMPLOYEES PAID THROUGH WORKING-CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(s) F
URLOUGH OF EMPLOYEES .—(1) Except as 
provided under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military depart-ment may not furlough any employee of the De-partment of Defense whose salary is funded by a working-capital fund unless the Secretary de-termines that— 
‘‘(A) the working-capital fund is insolvent; or ‘‘(B) there are insufficient funds in the work-
ing-capital fund to pay the labor costs of the employee. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense or the Secretary 
of a military department may waive the restric-tion under paragraph (1) if the Secretary deter-mines such a waiver is in the interest of the na-tional security of the United States. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘furlough’ 
means the placement, for nondisciplinary rea-sons, of an employee in a temporary status in which the employee has no duties and is not paid, but does not include administrative leave or an excused absence.’’. 
SEC. 1422. WORKING-CAPITAL FUND RESERVE AC-
COUNT FOR PETROLEUM MARKET PRICE FLUCTUATIONS. 
Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by section 1421, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(t) M
ARKET FLUCTUATION ACCOUNT .—(1) 
From amounts available for Working Capital Fund, Defense, the Secretary shall reserve up to $1,000,000,000, to remain available without fiscal year limitation, for petroleum market price fluc-tuations. Such amounts may only be disbursed if the Secretary determines such a disbursement is necessary to absorb volatile market changes in fuel prices without affecting the standard price charged for fuel. 
‘‘(2) A budget request for the anticipated costs 
of fuel may not take into account the avail-ability of funds reserved under paragraph (1).’’. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 1431. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated for sec-tion 1406 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $120,387,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense– Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of sub-section (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the pur-pose of such a transfer. 
(b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For the 
purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110-417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1432. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2016 from the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose of this subtitle 
is to authorize appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2016 to provide additional funds— 
(1) for overseas contingency operations being 
carried out by the Armed Forces; and 
(2) pursuant to section 1504, for expenses, not 
otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4303. 
(b) S
UPPORT OF BASEBUDGET REQUIREMENTS ; 
TREATMENT .—Funds identified in subsection 
(a)(2) are being authorized to be appropriated in support of base budget requirements as re-quested by the President for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. The Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall apportion the funds identified in such subsection to the Department of Defense without restriction, limitation, or constraint on the execution of such funds in support of base requirements, including any re-striction, limitation, or constraint imposed by, or described in, the document entitled ‘‘Criteria for War/Overseas Contingency Operations Funding Requests’’ transmitted by the Director to the De-partment of Defense on September 9, 2010, or any successor or related guidance. 
SEC. 1502. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement ac-counts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activi-ties, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1503. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, 
test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1504. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in— 
(1) the funding table in section 4302, or (2) the funding table in section 4303. 
SEC. 1505. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1506. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1507. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-
IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by 
this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the 
Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2016 between any such au-thorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivi-sions thereof). 
(2) E
FFECT OF TRANSFER .—Amounts of author-
izations transferred under this subsection shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which trans-ferred. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—The total amount of au-
thorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $3,500,000,000. 
(4) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of the authoriza-
tion of appropriations contained in section 1504 that is provided for the purpose specified in sec-tion 1501(2), the transfer authority provided under section 1001, rather than the transfer au-thority provided by this subsection, shall apply to any transfer of amounts of such authoriza-tion. 
(b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under 
this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer au-
thority provided by this section is in addition to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3067 May 14, 2015 
the transfer authority provided under section 
1001. 
Subtitle C—European Reassurance Initiative 
and Related Matters 
SEC. 1531. STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING 
EUROPEAN REASSURANCE INITIA-TIVE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) In February 2015, Lieutenant General 
James Clapper (retired), Director of National In-telligence, testified to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that ‘‘Russian dominance over the former Soviet space is Russia’s highest foreign policy goal’’. 
(2) Russia, under the direction of President 
Vladimir Putin, has demonstrated its intent to expand its sphere of influence beyond its bor-ders and limit Western influence in the region. 
(3) The Russian military is aggressively pos-
tured on the Ukrainian boarder and continues its buildup of military personnel and material. These aggressive and unwarranted actions serve to intimidate, with a show of force, the Ukrain-ian people as well as the other nations in the re-gion including Georgia, the Baltic States, and the Balkan States. 
(4) In December 2014, Congress enacted the 
Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–272), which gives the President the au-thority to expand assistance to Ukraine, in-crease economic sanctions on Russia, and pro-vide equipment to counter offensive weapons. 
(5) In February 2015, the Atlantic Council, the 
Brookings Institute, and the Chicago Council on Global Affairs published a report entitled ‘‘Pre-serving Ukraine’s Independence, Resisting Rus-sian Aggression: What the United States and NATO Must Do’’ advocating for increased United States assistance to Ukraine with non-lethal and lethal defensive equipment. 
(6) Despite Russia signing the February 2015 
Minsk Agreement, it has continued to violate the terms of the agreement, as noted by Assist-ant Secretary of State for European and Eur-asian Affairs, Victoria Nuland, at the German Marshall Fund Brussels Forum in March 2015: ‘‘We’ve seen month on month, more lethal weap-onry of a higher caliber...poured into Ukraine by the separatist Russian allies...the number one thing is for Russia to stop sending arms over the border so we can have real politics.’’. 
(7) The military of the Russian Federation 
continues to increase their show of force glob-ally, including frequent international military flights, frequent snap exercises of thousands of Russian troops, increased global naval presence, and the threat of the use of nuclear weapons in defense of the annexation of Crimea in March 2014. 
(8) The Government of the Russian Federation 
continues to exert and increase undue influence on the free will of sovereign nations and people with intimidation tactics, covert operations, cyber warfare, and other unconventional meth-ods. 
(9) In testimony to the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives in Feb-ruary 2015, Commander of European Command, General Philip Breedlove, United States Air Force, stated that ‘‘Russia has employed ‘hybrid warfare’...to illegally seize Crimea, foment sepa-ratist fever in several sovereign nations, and maintain frozen conflicts within its so-called ‘sphere of influence’ or ‘near abroad’’’. 
(10) The use of unconventional methods of 
warfare by Russia presents challenges to the United States and its partners and allies in ad-dressing the threat. 
(11) An enhanced United States military pres-
ence and readiness posture and the provision of security assistance in Europe are key elements to deterring further Russian aggression and re-assuring United States allies and partners. 
(12) In the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), Congress authorized and appropriated $1 billion for the European Reassurance Initiative, which 
supports Operation Atlantic Resolve of the United States Armed Forces. 
(13) The European Reassurance Initiative ex-
pands United States military presence in Eu-rope, through— 
(A) bolstered and continual United States 
military presence; 
(B) bilateral and multilateral exercises with 
partners and allies; 
(C) improved infrastructure; (D) increased prepositioning of United States 
equipment throughout Europe; and 
(E) building partnership capacity for allies 
and partners. 
(14) The European Reassurance Initiative has 
served as a valuable tool in strengthening the partnerships with the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization (NATO) as well as partnerships with non-member allies in the region. 
(15) As a result of the NATO 2014 Summit in 
Wales, NATO has initiated a Readiness Action Plan to increase partner nation funding and resourcing to combat Russian aggression. NATO’s efforts with the Readiness Action Plan and United States investment in regional secu-rity through the European Reassurance Initia-tive will serve to continue and reinforce the strength and fortitude of the alliance against nefarious actors. 
(16) The President’s Budget Request for fiscal 
year 2016 includes $789.3 million to continue the European Reassurance Initiative focus on in-creased United States military troop rotations in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve, main-taining and further expanding increasing re-gional exercises, and building partnership ca-pacity. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of 
the United States to continue and expand its ef-forts in Europe to reassure United States allies and partners and deter further aggression and intimidation by the Russian Government, in order to enhance security and stability in the region. This policy shall include— 
(1) continued use of conventional methods, in-
cluding increased United States military pres-ence in Europe, exercises and training with al-lies and partners, increasing infrastructure, prepositioning of United States military equip-ment in Europe, and building partnership ca-pacity; 
(2) increased emphasis on countering uncon-
ventional warfare methods in areas such as cyber warfare, economic warfare, information operations, and intelligence operations, includ-ing increased efforts in the development of strat-egy, operational concepts, capabilities, and technologies; and 
(3) increased security assistance to allies and 
partners in Europe, including the provision of both non-lethal equipment and lethal equipment of a defensive nature to Ukraine. 
SEC. 1532. ASSISTANCE AND SUSTAINMENT TO 
THE MILITARY AND NATIONAL SECU-RITY FORCES OF UKRAINE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary of Defense is authorized, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training, equipment, lethal weapons of a defensive nature, logistics support, supplies and services, and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, through September 30, 2016, to assist the government of Ukraine for the following purposes: 
(1) Securing its sovereign territory against for-
eign aggressors. 
(2) Protecting and defending the Ukrainian 
people from attacks posed by Russian-backed separatists. 
(3) Promoting the conditions for a negotiated 
settlement to end the conflict. 
(b) N
OTICE BEFORE PROVISION OF ASSIST-
ANCE.—Of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated to carry out this section, not more than 10 percent of such funds may be obligated or ex-pended until not later than 15 days after the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the 
Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report in unclassi-fied form with a classified annex as appropriate that contains a description of the plan for pro-viding such assistance, including a description of the types of training and equipment to be provided, the estimated number and role of United States Armed Forces personnel involved, the potential or actual locations of any train-ing, and any other relevant details. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 105 
days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required in sub-section (b), and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the activities carried out under this section. Such report shall include a description of the fol-lowing: 
(1) Updates or changes to the plan required 
under subsection (b). 
(2) A description of the forces provided with 
training, equipment, or other assistance under this section during the preceding 90-day period. 
(3) A description of the equipment provided 
under this section during the preceding 90-day period, including a detailed breakout of any le-thal assistance provided. 
(4) A statement of the amount of funds ex-
pended during the preceding 90-day period. 
(d) V
ETTING .—The Secretary of Defense, in co-
ordination with the Secretary of State, shall en-sure that all assistance provided under this sec-tion is carried out in full accordance with the provisions of section 2249e of title 10, United States Code. 
(e) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(f) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by this title for overseas contingency operations, $200,000,000 shall be available to carry out this section. 
(g) A
UTHORITY TOACCEPT CONTRIBUTIONS .— 
The Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including in-kind contributions, from foreign governments, to provide assistance authorized under subsection (a). Any funds so accepted by the Secretary may be credited to the account from which funds are made available to provide assistance authorized under subsection (a) and may remain available to provide assist-ance authorized under subsection (a) until Sep-tember 30, 2016. 
(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to constitute a spe-cific statutory authorization for the introduc-tion of United States Armed Forces into hos-tilities or into situations in which hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances. 
(i) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING AUTHORITIES .— 
Assistance provided under the authority of sub-section (a) shall be subject to the non-transfer and end-use provisions of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) and the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.). 
Subtitle D—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
SEC. 1541. CONTINUATION OF EXISTING LIMITA-
TION ON USE OF AFGHANISTAN SE-CURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds available to the De-
partment of Defense for the Afghanistan Secu-rity Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016 shall be subject to the conditions contained in sub-sections (b) through (g) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skelton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3068 May 14, 2015 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424). 
(b) P ROMOTION OF RECRUITMENT AND RETEN-
TION OF WOMEN .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2016 for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, there are authorized to be appropriated $50,000,000 to be used for the recruitment and re-tention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, including modification of facili-ties of the Ministry of the Interior and Ministry of Defense to accommodate female service mem-bers and police. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to modify the dis-tribution of funds for programs and activities supported using the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, but rather shall ensure attention to recruitment and retention of women within each program and activity. 
(c) I
NVENTORY AND PLANREQUIRED .— 
(1) I NVENTORY .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees an inventory of the fa-cilities and services of the Afghan Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior that are lacking in adequate resources for Afghan fe-male service members and police, including re-sources relating to training, improvement to buildings, transportation, security equipment, and new construction. 
(2) P
LAN.—Not later than 60 days after the 
submission of the inventory required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified committees a plan to ad-dress the shortcomings of those facilities and services that the Secretaries consider to be most significant. In developing the plan, the Secre-taries shall, to the extent possible, utilize amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (b) to promote the recruitment and retention of Afghan female service members and police. The Secretaries shall also identify any additional funding shortcomings that would be required to fully address the identified short-comings of those facilities and services. 
(3) U
PDATES .—The Secretary of Defense, with 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees updates to the inventory required under para-graph (1) and plan required under paragraph (2) at the same time the President submits the budget under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for each fiscal year each year through fiscal year 2020. 
(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1542. JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DE-
VICE DEFEAT FUND. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Sub-
sections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in effect before the amendments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), but as modified by section 1533(b) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3615), shall apply to the funds made available for fiscal year 2016— 
(1) to the Department of Defense for the Joint 
Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund; or 
(2) to the Director of the successor defense 
agency to the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF INTERDICTION OF IMPRO -
VISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS  
AUTHORITY .—Section 1532(c)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 
(Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2057), as most re-cently amended by section 1533(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act For Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3616), is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF TIMELINE REQUIREMENT FOR  
CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDING SOURCES FOR RAPID 
ACQUISITION ORGANIZATIONS .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 1533(b) of the National Defense Author-ization Act For Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3615) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) P
LAN IMPLEMENTATION .—The plan re-
quired by this subsection shall include a timeline for implementation of the consolidation and alignment decisions contained in the plan.’’. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF  
FUNDS.—Subsection (d) of section 1533 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act For Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3616) is repealed. 
(e) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 1533(a) 
of the National Defense Authorization Act For Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3615) is amended by striking ‘‘as amended by subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘as modified by subsection (b)’’. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. MAJOR FORCE PROGRAM AND BUDGET 
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE PROGRAMS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) National security space capabilities are a 
key element of the national defense of the United States. 
(2) Because of increasing foreign threats, the 
national security space advantage of the United States is facing the most challenging environ-ment it has ever faced. 
(3) To modernize and fully address the grow-
ing threat to the national security space advan-tage of the United States, further action is nec-essary to strengthen national security space leadership, management, and organization. 
(4) Congress and independent expert commis-
sions have previously stated the importance of establishing a major force program for space with separate authorities, as one of the elements to strengthen national security space. 
(b) B
UDGET MATTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 239. National security space programs: 
major force program and budget assessment 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF MAJOR FORCE PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish 
a unified major force program for national secu-rity space programs pursuant to section 222(b) of this title to prioritize national security space ac-tivities in accordance with the requirements of the Department of Defense and national secu-rity. 
‘‘(b) B
UDGET ASSESSMENT .—(1) The Secretary 
shall include with the defense budget materials for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020 a re-port on the budget for national security space 
programs of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) Each report on the budget for national 
security space programs of the Department of Defense under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) An overview of the budget, including— ‘‘(i) a comparison between that budget, the 
previous budget, the most recent and prior fu-ture-years defense program submitted to Con-gress under section 221 of this title, and the amounts appropriated for such programs during the previous fiscal year; and 
‘‘(ii) the specific identification, as a budgetary 
line item, for the funding under such programs. 
‘‘(B) An assessment of the budget, including 
significant changes, priorities, challenges, and risks. ‘‘(C) Any additional matters the Secretary de-
termines appropriate. 
‘‘(3) Each report under paragraph (1) shall be 
submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘budget’, with respect to a fiscal 
year, means the budget for that fiscal year that is submitted to Congress by the President under section 1105(a) of title 31. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘defense budget materials’, with 
respect to a fiscal year, means the materials sub-mitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget for that fiscal year.’’. 
(2) P
LAN.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan to carry out the unified major force program designation required by section 239(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), including any rec-ommendations for legislative action the Sec-retary determines appropriate. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter 9 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 238 the following new item: 
‘‘239. National security space programs: major 
force program and budget assessment.’’. 
SEC. 1602. MODIFICATION TO DEVELOPMENT OF 
SPACE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY. 
Section 2272 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2272. Space science and technology strat-
egy: coordination 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense and the Director of 
National Intelligence shall jointly develop and implement a space science and technology strat-egy and shall review and, as appropriate, revise the strategy biennially. Functions of the Sec-retary under this section shall be carried out jointly by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the official of the Department of Defense designated as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space.’’. 
SEC. 1603. ROCKET PROPULSION SYSTEM DEVEL-
OPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) S TREAMLINED ACQUISITION .—Section 1604 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) S
TREAMLINED ACQUISITION .—In devel-
oping the rocket propulsion system required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use a streamlined acquisition approach, 
including tailored documentation and review processes, that enables the effective, efficient, and expedient transition from the use of non-al-lied space launch engines to a domestic alter-native for national security space launches; and 
‘‘(2) prior to establishing such acquisition ap-
proach, establish well-defined requirements with a clear acquisition strategy.’’. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the rocket propulsion system required by section 1604 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), the Secretary of Defense may obligate or expend such funds only for the development of such system, and the necessary interfaces to the launch vehicle, to replace non-allied space launch engines by 2019 as required by such sec-tion. 
(c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate (and make available to any other congressional defense committee) a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3069 May 14, 2015 
briefing on the streamlined acquisition ap-
proach, requirements, and acquisition strategy required under subsection (c) of section 1604 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), as inserted by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1604. MODIFICATION TO PROHIBITION ON 
CONTRACTING WITH RUSSIAN SUP-PLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
Section 1608 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1608. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH 
RUSSIAN SUPPLIERS OF ROCKET EN-GINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPEND-ABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A WARD OR RENEWAL OF CONTRACT .—Ex-
cept as provided by subsections (b) and (c), be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may not award or renew a contract for the procurement of prop-erty or services for space launch activities under the evolved expendable launch vehicle program if such contract carries out such space launch activities using rocket engines designed or man-ufactured in the Russian Federation. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION OF CERTAIN CONTRACT .— 
Except as provided by subsection (b), beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary may not modify the contract specified in subsection (c)(1)(A) if such modification in-creases the number of cores procured under such contract to a total of more than 35. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive one 
or both of the prohibitions under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) with respect to a con-tract for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities if the Secretary de-termines, and certifies to the congressional de-fense committees not later than 30 days before the waiver takes effect, that— 
‘‘(1) the waiver is necessary for the national 
security interests of the United States; and 
‘‘(2) the space launch services and capabilities 
covered by the contract could not be obtained at a fair and reasonable price without the use of rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a)(1) shall not apply to either— 
‘‘(A) the placement of orders or the exercise of 
options under the contract numbered FA8811– 13–C–0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013; or 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (2), a contract 
awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities that includes the use of rocket engines designed or manufac-tured in the Russian Federation if, prior to Feb-ruary 1, 2014, the contractor had fully paid for such rocket engines or had entered into a con-tract to procure such rocket engines. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary may not 
award or renew a contract for the procurement of property or services for space launch activi-ties described in paragraph (1)(B) unless the Secretary, upon the advice of the General Coun-sel of the Department of Defense, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the offer-or has provided to the Secretary sufficient docu-mentation to conclusively demonstrate that the offeror meets the requirements of such para-graph.’’. 
SEC. 1605. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY REGARD-
ING PURCHASE OF GLOBAL POSI-TIONING SYSTEM USER EQUIPMENT. 
Section 913 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2281 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION OF WAIVER  
AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may not 
delegate the authority to make a waiver under subsection (c) to an official below the level of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, 
Technology, and Logistics.’’. 
SEC. 1606. ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR EVOLVED 
EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of the Air Force needs to de-
velop an updated phased acquisition strategy and contracting plan for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program; 
(2) beyond the contractual requirements as of 
the date of the enactment of this Act, in rec-ognition of the emerging competitive environ-ment, the acquisition strategy and contracting plan should eliminate the currently structured evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capa-bility arrangement; 
(3) in further recognition of the emerging com-
petitive environment, the Secretary should ac-quire launch services in a manner consistent with a full and open competition; 
(4) the Secretary should be consistent and fair 
with evolved expendable launch vehicle pro-viders regarding the requirement for certified cost and pricing data, selection of contract types, and the appropriate audits to protect the taxpayer; and 
(5) the Secretary should— (A) consider various contracting approaches, 
including launch capability arrangements with multiple certified providers, to meet the objec-tives identified in the acquisition strategy devel-oped under subsection (d); and 
(B) continue to provide the necessary stability 
in budgeting and acquisition of capabilities as well as the flexibility to the Federal Government to appropriately manage the launch manifest in case of delays in the delivery of satellites or other changes to mission requirements. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN ARRANGEMENT .— 
(1) D ISCONTINUATION .—The Secretary of the 
Air Force shall discontinue the evolved expend-able launch vehicle launch capability arrange-ment, as structured as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, by the later of— 
(A) the date on which the Secretary deter-
mines that the obligations of the contracts relat-ing to such arrangement, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, have been met; or 
(B) December 31, 2020. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive para-
graph (1) if the Secretary— 
(A) determines that such waiver is necessary 
for the national security interests of the United States; 
(B) notifies the congressional defense commit-
tees of such waiver; and 
(C) a period of 90 days has elapsed following 
the date of such notification. 
(c) C
ONSISTENT STANDARDS .—In accordance 
with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall— 
(1) apply consistent and appropriate stand-
ards to certified evolved expendable launch ve-hicle providers with respect to certified cost and pricing data; and 
(2) conduct the appropriate audits. (d) A
CQUISITION STRATEGY .—In accordance 
with subsections (b) and (c) and section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall develop and carry out a ten-year phased acqui-sition strategy, including near and long term, for the evolved expendable launch vehicle pro-gram. 
(e) E
LEMENTS .—The acquisition strategy 
under subsection (d) for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program shall establish a con-tracting plan for such program that uses com-petitive procedures (as defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code) and ensures that a contract awarded for launch services, capa-bility, or infrastructure— 
(1) provides the necessary— (A) stability in budgeting and acquisition of 
capabilities; and 
(B) flexibility to the Federal Government; and (2) specifically takes into account the effect 
of— (A) all contracts entered into by the Federal 
Government with, and any assistance provided by the Federal Government to, certified evolved expendable launch vehicle providers, including the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability; 
(B) the requirements of the Department of De-
fense, including with respect to launch capabili-ties and pricing data, that are met by such pro-viders; 
(C) the cost of integrating a satellite onto a 
launch vehicle; and 
(D) any other matters the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
(f) C
OMPETITION .—In awarding any contract 
for launch services in a national security space mission pursuant to a competitive acquisition, the evaluation shall account for the value of the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capa-bility arrangement per contract line item num-bers in the bid price of the offeror as appro-priate per launch. 
(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees, the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate a report on the acquisition strategy devel-oped under subsection (d). 
SEC. 1607. PROCUREMENT OF WIDEBAND SAT-
ELLITE COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) A CQUISITION AGENT.—Except as provided 
by subsection (b)(1), not later than September 30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a single senior official of the Department of De-fense to procure wideband satellite communica-tions necessary to meet the requirements of the Department of Defense for such communica-tions, including with respect to military and commercial satellite communications. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subsection 
(a), an official described in paragraph (2) may carry out the procurement of commercial wide-band satellite communications if the official de-termines that such procurement is required to meet an urgent need. 
(2) O
FFICIAL DESCRIBED .—An official de-
scribed in this paragraph is any of the fol-lowing: 
(A) A Secretary of a military department. (B) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics. 
(C) The Chief Information Office of the De-
partment of Defense. 
(D) A commander of a combatant command. (3) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than March 
1, 2017, and each year thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on pro-curement carried out under paragraph (1) dur-ing the year prior to the submission of the re-port, including— 
(A) a brief description of the urgent need ful-
filled by each such procurement; 
(B) the date and length of the contract of 
each such procurement; and 
(C) the value of each such contract. (c) P
LAN.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan for the Secretary to meet the requirements of the Department of De-fense for satellite communications, including with respect to— 
(1) the roles and responsibilities of officials of 
the Department; and 
(2) carrying out subsections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 1608. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR WEATHER SATELLITE FOLLOW-ON SYSTEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for the weather satellite follow-on system may be obligated or expended until the date on which— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3070 May 14, 2015 
(1) the Secretary of Defense provides to the 
congressional defense committees a briefing on the plan developed under subsection (b); and 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
certifies to the congressional defense committees that such plan will— 
(A) meet the requirements of the Department 
of Defense for cloud characterization and the-ater weather imagery; and 
(B) not negatively affect the commanders of 
the combatant commands. 
(b) P
LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a plan to address the requirements of the Department of Defense for cloud characteriza-tion and theater weather imagery. 
SEC. 1609. MODIFICATION OF PILOT PROGRAM 
FOR ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL SATELLITE COMMUNICATION SERV-ICES. 
Section 1605 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may de-
velop’’ and all that follows through ‘‘funds by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘shall develop and carry out a pilot program’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) M
ETHODS .—In carrying out the pilot pro-
gram under paragraph (1), the Secretary may use a variety of methods authorized by law to effectively and efficiently acquire commercial satellite communications services, including by carrying out multiple pathfinder activities under the pilot program.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R
EPORTS .—’’ 
and inserting ‘‘R EPORTS AND BRIEFINGS .—’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘270 days’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) a description of the appropriate metrics 
established by the Secretary to meet the goals of the pilot program.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) At the same time as the President submits 
to Congress the budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, the Secretary shall provide to the congres-sional defense committees a briefing on the pilot program.’’. 
(E) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C))— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expand-
ing the use of working capital funds to effec-tively and efficiently acquire’’ and inserting ‘‘the pilot program and whether the pilot pro-gram effectively and efficiently acquires’’; and 
(ii) subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘work-
ing capital funds as described in subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘the pilot program’’. 
SEC. 1610. PROHIBITION ON RELIANCE ON CHINA 
AND RUSSIA FOR SPACE-BASED WEATHER DATA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that the Department of Defense does not rely on, or in the future plan to rely on, space-based weather data provided by the Government of China, the Government of Rus-sia, or an entity owned or controlled by the Government of China or the Government of Rus-sia for national security purposes. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a certification that the Sec-retary is in compliance with the prohibition under subsection (a). SEC. 1611. EVALUATION OF EXPLOITATION OF 
SPACE-BASED INFRARED SYSTEM AGAINST ADDITIONAL THREATS. 
(a) E VALUATION .—The Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, in cooperation with the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall conduct an evaluation of the space-based infrared sys-tem to detect, track, and target, or to develop the capability to detect, track and target, the full range of threats to the United States, de-ployed members of the Armed Forces, and the allies of the United States. 
(b) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate the evalua-tion under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1612. PLAN ON FULL INTEGRATION AND EX-
PLOITATION OF OVERHEAD PER-SISTENT INFRARED CAPABILITY. 
(a) P LAN.—Not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Command and the Director of Cost Assessment and Pro-gram Evaluation shall jointly submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a plan for the integration of overhead persistent infrared capabilities to support the missions specified in subsection (b)(1). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) 
shall— 
(1) ensure that all overhead persistent infra-
red capabilities of the United States, including such capabilities that are planned to be devel-oped, are integrated to allow for such capabili-ties to be exploited to support the requirements of the missions of the Department of Defense re-lating to— 
(A) battle damage assessment; (B) battlespace assessment; (C) technical intelligence; (D) strategic missile warning; 
(E) tactical missile warning; (F) missile defense tracking, fire control, and 
kill assessment; and 
(G) collection of weather data; and (2) establish clear benchmarks by which to es-
tablish acquisition plans, manning, and budget requirements. 
(c) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall include, together with, or not later than 30 days after, the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Department of Defense for a fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), a written determination of how the plan under subsection (a) is being im-plemented. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1613. OPTIONS FOR RAPID SPACE RECON-
STITUTION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the United States Strategic Command has 
identified needs to rapidly reconstitute or re-plenish critical space capabilities; 
(2) in accordance with section 915 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 826), the Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space is currently conducting a study and de-veloping a plan regarding responsive launch in accordance with warfighter requirements; and 
(3) rapid launch should avoid the creation of 
new Department of Defense-owned and operated infrastructure. 
(b) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall evaluate options for the use of current as-sets of the Department of Defense for the pur-
pose of rapid reconstitution of critical space- based warfighter enabling capabilities. 
(c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 31, 2016, 
the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the evaluation conducted under subsection (b), including devel-opment timelines, a test plan, and technology readiness levels of key systems and technologies. 
SEC. 1614. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SPACE DE-
FENSE. 
It is the sense of Congress that, as outlined in 
the National Space Policy of 2010, the United States should employ a variety of measures to help assure the use of space for all responsible parties, and, consistent with the inherent right of self-defense, deter others from interference and attack, defend the space systems of the United States and contribute to the defense of allied space systems, and, if deterrence fails, de-feat efforts to attack them. 
SEC. 1615. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MISSILE DE-
FENSE SENSORS IN SPACE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The Missile Defense Agency has run a suc-
cessful space sensor program with the space tracking and surveillance system. 
(2) The Missile Defense Agency is now exe-
cuting a promising and ground-breaking space sensor system called space-based kill assessment. 
(3) The future missile defense architecture will 
require significantly improved sensors in space to provide tracking, discrimination, and more. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that a robust multi-mission space sen-sor network will be vital to ensuring a strong missile defense system. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-Related Activities 
SEC. 1621. EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR OPEN-SOURCE 
INTELLIGENCE TOOLS. 
(a) E XECUTIVE AGENT.—Subchapter I of chap-
ter 21 of title 10, United States Code, as amend-ed by section 1082, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 430b. Executive agent for open-source intel-
ligence tools 
‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense to serve as the executive agent for the Department for open-source intelligence tools. 
‘‘(b) R
OLES, RESPONSIBILITIES , ANDAUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) Not later than July 1, 2016, in accord-
ance with Directive 5101.1, the Secretary shall prescribe the roles, responsibilities, and authori-ties of the executive agent designated under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(2) The roles and responsibilities of the exec-
utive agent designated under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Developing and maintaining a com-
prehensive list of open-source intelligence tools and technical standards. 
‘‘(B) Establishing priorities for the integration 
of open-source intelligence tools into the intel-ligence enterprise, and other command and con-trol systems as needed. 
‘‘(C) Certifying all open-source intelligence 
tools with respect to compliance with the stand-ards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Informa-tion Environment. 
‘‘(E) Performing such other assessments or 
analyses as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(c) S
UPPORT WITHIN DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .—In accordance with Directive 5101.1, the 
Secretary shall ensure that the military depart-ments, Defense Agencies, and other components of the Department of Defense provide the execu-tive agent designated under subsection (a) with the appropriate support and resources needed to perform the roles, responsibilities, and authori-ties of the executive agent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3071 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(d) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘Directive 5101.1’ means Depart-
ment of Defense Directive 5101.1, or any suc-cessor directive relating to the responsibilities of an executive agent of the Department of De-fense. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘executive agent’ has the mean-
ing given the term ‘DoD Executive Agent’ in Di-rective 5101.1. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘open-source intelligence tools’ 
means tools regarding relevant information de-rived from the systematic collection, processing, and analysis of publicly available information in response to known or anticipated intelligence requirements.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 430a, as added by section 1082, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘430b. Executive agent for open-source intel-
ligence tools.’’. 
SEC. 1622. WAIVER AND CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFI-
CATION REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO FACILITIES FOR INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION OR FOR SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS ABROAD. 
(a) A DDITION OF CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICA -
TION REQUIREMENT .—Section 2682(c) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Secretary of 
Defense’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Not later than 48 hours after using the 
waiver authority under paragraph (1) for any facility for intelligence collection conducted under the authorities of the Department of De-fense or special operations activity, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives written notification of the use of the authority, including the justifica-tion for the waiver and the estimated cost of the project for which the waiver applies.’’. 
(b) C
ODIFICATION OF SUNSET PROVISION .— 
(1) C ODIFICATION .—Section 2682(c) of title 10, 
United States Code, is further amended by in-serting after paragraph (2), as added by sub-section (a)(2), the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) The waiver authority provided by para-
graph (1) expires December 31, 2017.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Subsection (b) of 
section 926 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1541; 10 U.S.C. 2682 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1623. PROHIBITION ON NATIONAL INTEL-
LIGENCE PROGRAM CONSOLIDA-TION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to execute— 
(1) the separation of the National Intelligence 
Program budget from the Department of Defense budget; 
(2) the consolidation of the National Intel-
ligence Program budget within the Department of Defense budget; or 
(3) the establishment of a new appropriations 
account or appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) N ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM .—The 
term ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
(2) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM BUDG -
ET.—The term ‘‘National Intelligence Program 
budget’’ means the portions of the Department of Defense budget designated as part of the Na-tional Intelligence Program. SEC. 1624. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Army, for the dis-tributed common ground system of the Army, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of the Army— 
(1) conducts a review of the program planning 
for the distributed common ground system of the Army; and 
(2) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees the report under subsection (b)(1). 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the review of the distributed common ground system of the Army conducted under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A review of the segmentation of the dis-
tributed common ground system program of the Army into discrete software components with the associated requirements of each component. 
(B) Identification of each component of Incre-
ment 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army for which commercial software ex-ists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
(C) A cost analysis of each such commercial 
software that compares performance with pro-jected cost. 
(D) Validation of the degree to which commer-
cial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guid-ance for the Intelligence Community Informa-tion Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intel-ligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
(E) Identification of each component of Incre-
ment 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army that the Secretary determines may be acquired through competitive means. 
(F) An acquisition plan that prioritizes the ac-
quisition of commercial software components, including a data integration layer, in time to meet the projected deployment schedule for In-crement 2 of the distributed common ground sys-tem of the Army. 
(G) A review of the timetable for the distrib-
uted common ground system program of the Army in order to determine whether there is a practical, executable acquisition strategy, in-cluding the use of operational capability dem-onstrations, that could lead to an initial oper-ating capability of Increment 2 of the distrib-uted common ground system of the Army prior to fiscal year 2017. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1625. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COM-MAND. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for the United States Special Operations Command for the distributed common ground system, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command— 
(1) conducts a review of the program planning 
for the elements of the distributed common ground system special operations forces pro-gram, including the initiative known as ‘‘DCGS- Lite’’; and 
(2) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees the report under subsection (b)(1). (b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commander shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the review of the distributed common ground system conducted under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A review of the segmentation of the dis-
tributed common ground system special oper-ations forces program into discrete software components with the associated requirements of each component. 
(B) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special oper-ations forces program for which commercial soft-ware exists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
(C) A cost analysis of each such commercial 
software that compares performance with pro-jected cost. 
(D) Validation of the degree to which commer-
cial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guid-ance for the Intelligence Community Informa-tion Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intel-ligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
(E) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special oper-ations forces program that the Commander de-termines may be acquired through competitive means. 
(F) An assessment of the extent to which ele-
ments of the distributed common ground system special operations forces program could be modi-fied to increase commercial acquisition opportu-nities. 
(G) An acquisition plan that uses commercial 
software components in order to lead to initial operating capability prior to fiscal year 2017. 
SEC. 1626. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTEL-LIGENCE. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for In-telligence, not more than 75 percent may be obli-gated or expended for such Office until the Sec-retary of Defense identifies the intelligence gaps and establishes the written policy required by section 922 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 828). 
SEC. 1627. CLARIFICATION OF ANNUAL BRIEFING 
ON THE INTELLIGENCE, SURVEIL-LANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE RE-QUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
Paragraph (1)(A) of section 1626 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3635) is amended by striking ‘‘each of the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the United States Special Operations Com-mand and each of the other’’. 
SEC. 1628. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTEL-
LIGENCE NEEDS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees and the congres-sional intelligence committees a report on how the Director ensures that the National Intel-ligence Program budgets for the elements of the intelligence community that are within the De-partment of Defense are adequate to satisfy the national intelligence needs of the Department as required under section 102A(p) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(p)). Such re-port shall include a description of how the Di-rector incorporates the needs of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the commanders of the unified and specified commands into the metrics used to evaluate the performance of the elements of the intelligence community that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3072 May 14, 2015 
within the Department of Defense in conducting 
intelligence activities funded under the National Intelligence Program. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’, ‘‘intel-ligence community’’, and ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 1629. REPORT ON MANAGEMENT OF CER-
TAIN PROGRAMS OF DEFENSE IN-TELLIGENCE ELEMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the management of science and tech-nology research and development programs and foreign materiel exploitation programs of De-fense intelligence elements. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the management of each 
Defense intelligence element that is responsible for work relating to the programs described in subsection (a), including with respect to the policies, procedures, and organizational struc-tures of such element relating to the manage-ment and coordination of such work across such elements. 
(2) Recommendations to improve the coordina-
tion and organization of such elements. 
(3) Identification of options for realigning 
such elements within the Department of Defense to better meet the needs of the Department and reduce unnecessary overhead. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘Defense intelligence element’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 429(e) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1630. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REVIEW OF INTELLIGENCE INPUT TO THE DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION PROCESS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall carry out a comprehensive review of the processes and procedures for the integration of intelligence into the defense ac-quisition process, consistent with the provision of classified information, and intelligence sources and methods. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The review required by 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify processes and procedures for the 
integration of intelligence into the decision process, including with respect to the staffing and training of Defense intelligence personnel assigned to program offices, for the acquisition of weapon systems from initial requirements through the milestones process and upon final delivery; and 
(2) include a review of processes and proce-
dures for— 
(A) the integration of intelligence on foreign 
capabilities into the acquisition process from ini-tial requirement through deployment; 
(B) identifying opportunities for weapons sys-
tems to collect intelligence, without regard to whether that is the primary mission of such sys-tems, and the plans for exploiting the collection of such intelligence; and 
(C) assessing the requirements weapon systems 
will place on the Defense Intelligence Enterprise once the weapons systems are deployed. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, a report containing the results of the review required by subsection (a). Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
SEC. 1641. CODIFICATION AND ADDITION OF LI-
ABILITY PROTECTIONS RELATING TO REPORTING ON CYBER INCIDENTS OR PENETRATIONS OF NETWORKS AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS OF CERTAIN CONTRACTORS. 
(a) C ODIFICATION AND AMENDMENT .—Section 
941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1889; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is transferred to chapter 19 of title 10, United States Code, in-serted so as to appear after section 392, redesig-nated as section 393, and amended— 
(1) by amending the section heading to read 
as follows: 
‘‘§ 393. Reporting on penetrations of networks 
and information systems of certain contrac-tors’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY OF  
CLEARED DEFENSE CONTRACTORS .—(1) No cause 
of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any cleared defense contractor, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for compliance with this section that is conducted in accordance with the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a). 
‘‘(2)(A) Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued— 
‘‘(i) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against a cleared defense contractor that has engaged in willful misconduct in the course of complying with the procedures established pur-suant to subsection (a); or 
‘‘(ii) to undermine or limit the availability of 
otherwise applicable common law or statutory defenses. 
‘‘(B) In any action claiming that paragraph 
(1) does not apply due to willful misconduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the plaintiff shall have the burden of proving by clear and con-vincing evidence the willful misconduct by each cleared defense contractor subject to such claim and that such willful misconduct proximately caused injury to the plaintiff. 
‘‘(C) In this subsection, the term ‘willful mis-
conduct’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
‘‘(i) intentionally to achieve a wrongful pur-
pose; 
‘‘(ii) knowingly without legal or factual jus-
tification; and 
‘‘(iii) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit.’’. 
(b) A
DDITION OF LIABILITY PROTECTIONS FOR  
REPORTING ON CYBER INCIDENTS .—Section 391 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) P ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY OF OPER-
ATIONALLY CRITICAL CONTRACTORS .—(1) No 
cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any operationally critical con-tractor, and such action shall be promptly dis-missed, for compliance with this section that is conducted in accordance with procedures estab-lished pursuant to subsection (b). 
‘‘(2)(A) Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued— 
‘‘(i) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against an operationally critical contractor that has engaged in willful misconduct in the course of complying with the procedures established pursuant to subsection (b); or 
‘‘(ii) to undermine or limit the availability of 
otherwise applicable common law or statutory defenses. 
‘‘(B) In any action claiming that paragraph 
(1) does not apply due to willful misconduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the plaintiff shall have the burden of proving by clear and con-vincing evidence the willful misconduct by each operationally critical contractor subject to such 
claim and that such willful misconduct proxi-mately caused injury to the plaintiff. 
‘‘(C) In this subsection, the term ‘willful mis-
conduct’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
‘‘(i) intentionally to achieve a wrongful pur-
pose; 
‘‘(ii) knowingly without legal or factual jus-
tification; and 
‘‘(iii) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 391 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘with section 941 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘and section 393 of this title’’. 
(2) The table of sections for chapter 19 of such 
title is amended— 
(A) by amending the item relating to section 
391 to read as follows: 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with re-
spect to networks and information systems of operationally critical contractors and certain other contractors.’’; and 
(B) by inserting at the end the following new 
item: 
‘‘393. Reporting on penetrations of networks 
and information systems of certain con-tractors.’’. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1651. ORGANIZATION OF NUCLEAR DETER-
RENCE FUNCTIONS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) O VERSIGHT OF NUCLEAR DETERRENCE MIS-
SION.—Subject to the authority, direction, and 
control of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force shall be respon-sible for overseeing the safety, security, reli-ability, effectiveness, and credibility of the nu-clear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
(b) D
EPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF.—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, the Chief of Staff shall designate a Deputy Chief of Staff to carry out the fol-lowing duties: 
(1) Provide direction, guidance, integration, 
and advocacy regarding the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
(2) Conduct monitoring and oversight activi-
ties regarding the safety, security, reliability, ef-fectiveness, and credibility of the nuclear deter-rence mission of the Air Force. 
(3) Conduct periodic comprehensive assess-
ments of all aspects of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force and provide such as-sessments to the Secretary of the Air Force and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force. 
(c) R
OLE OF MAJOR COMMAND .— 
(1) C ONSOLIDATION .—Not later than March 30, 
2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall con-solidate, to the extent the Secretary determines appropriate, under a major command com-manded by a single general officer the responsi-bility, authority, accountability, and resources for carrying out the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The major command de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be responsible, to the extent the Secretary determines appropriate, for carrying out all elements and activities relat-ing to the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. Such elements include nuclear weapons, nuclear weapon delivery systems, and the nu-clear command, control, and communication system. Such activities include the following: 
(A) Planning and execution of modernization 
programs. 
(B) Procurement and acquisition. (C) Research, development, test, and evalua-
tion. 
(D) Sustainment. (E) Operations. (F) Training. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3073 May 14, 2015 
(G) Safety and security. 
(H) Research, education, and applied science 
relating to nuclear deterrence and assurance. 
(I) Such other functions of the nuclear deter-
rence mission as the Secretary determines appro-priate. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plans of the Secretary and the resources re-quired to implement this section. 
SEC. 1652. ASSESSMENT OF THREATS TO NA-
TIONAL LEADERSHIP COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM. 
Section 171a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and 
(h), as subsections (g), (h), and (i), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsection (f): 
‘‘(f) C OLLECTION OF ASSESSMENTS ON CERTAIN  
THREATS .—The Council shall collect and assess 
(consistent with the provision of classified infor-mation, and intelligence sources and methods) all reports and assessments otherwise conducted by the intelligence community (as defined in sec-tion 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) regarding foreign threats, in-cluding cyber threats, to the command, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States and the vulnerabilities of such system to such threats.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) An assessment of the threats and 
vulnerabilities described in the reports and as-sessments collected under subsection (f) during the period covered by the report, including any plans to address such threats and vulnerabilities.’’. 
SEC. 1653. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-
TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Notwith-
standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2016 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force as specified in the funding table in section 4101, $13,700,000 shall be available for the procure-ment of covered parts pursuant to contracts en-tered into under section 1645(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
(b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means commercially available off the-shelf items as defined in sec-tion 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1654. ANNUAL BRIEFING ON THE COSTS OF 
FORWARD-DEPLOYING NUCLEAR WEAPONS IN EUROPE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the President submits to Con-gress the budget for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense com-mittees a briefing on the costs of forward-de-ploying nuclear weapons in Europe. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each briefing required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(1) The contributions of the United States, in-
cluding with respect to sustainment (operations and maintenance) and manpower, to support forward-deployed nuclear weapons in Europe, during the fiscal year following the date of the briefing and the period covered by the future- years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, for that fiscal year. 
(2) Recent or planned contributions of the 
United States for security enhancements relat-ing to such forward-deployed nuclear weapons. 
(3) Any other contributions, including burden- 
share costs by the United States, for other secu-rity enhancements and upgrades relating to such forward-deployed nuclear weapons, in-
cluding infrastructure upgrades at weapons storage sites in Europe. 
SEC. 1655. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPORTANCE 
OF COOPERATION AND COLLABORA-TION BETWEEN UNITED STATES AND UNITED KINGDOM ON NUCLEAR ISSUES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) cooperation and collaboration under the 
1958 Mutual Defense Agreement and the 1963 Polaris Sales Agreement are fundamental ele-ments of the security of the United States and the United Kingdom as well as international stability; 
(2) the recent renewal of the Mutual Defense 
Agreement and the continued work under the Polaris Sales Agreement underscore the endur-ing and long-term value of the agreements to both countries; and 
(3) the vital efforts performed under the pur-
view of both the Mutual Defense Agreement and the Polaris Sales Agreement are critical to sus-taining and enhancing the capabilities and knowledge base of both countries regarding nu-clear deterrence, nuclear nonproliferation and counterproliferation, and naval nuclear propul-sion. 
SEC. 1656. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ORGANIZA-
TION OF NAVY FOR NUCLEAR DETER-RENCE MISSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The safety, security, reliability, and credi-
bility of the nuclear deterrent of the United States is a vital national security priority. 
(2) Nuclear weapons require special consider-
ation because of the political and military im-portance of the weapons, the destructive power of the weapons, and the potential consequences of an accident or unauthorized act involving the weapons. 
(3) The assured safety, security, and control 
of nuclear weapons and related systems are of paramount importance. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Navy has repeatedly demonstrated the 
commitment and prioritization of the Navy to the nuclear deterrence mission of the Navy; 
(2) the emphasis of the Navy on ensuring a 
safe, secure, reliable, and credible sea-based nu-clear deterrent force has been matched by an equal emphasis on ensuring the assured safety, security, and control of nuclear weapons and related systems ashore; and 
(3) the Navy is commended for the actions the 
Navy has taken subsequent to the 2014 Nuclear Enterprise Review to ensure continued focus on the nuclear deterrent mission by all ranks with-in the Navy, including the clarification and as-signment of specific responsibilities and authori-ties within the Navy contained in OPNAV In-struction 8120.1 and SECNAV Instruction 8120.1B. 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1661. PROHIBITIONS ON PROVIDING CER-
TAIN MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMA-TION TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 130g. Prohibitions on providing certain 
missile defense information to Russian Fed-eration 
‘‘(a) C
ERTAIN ‘HIT-TO-KILL’ TECHNOLOGY AND  
TELEMETRY DATA.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with ‘hit-to-kill’ technology and te-lemetry data for missile defense interceptors or target vehicles. 
‘‘(b) O
THER SENSITIVE MISSILE DEFENSE IN-
FORMATION .—None of the funds authorized to be 
appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation 
with— 
‘‘(1) information relating to velocity at burn-
out of missile defense interceptors or targets of the United States; or 
‘‘(2) classified or otherwise controlled missile 
defense information. 
‘‘(c) O
NE-TIME WAIVER .—The President, with-
out delegation, may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) or (b) once if— 
‘‘(1) such one-time waiver is used only to pro-
vide, in a single instance, the Russian Federa-tion with information regarding ballistic missile early warning; and 
‘‘(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 
the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, and the Commander of the United States European Command, jointly certify to the President and the congressional defense commit-tees that the provision of such information pur-suant to such waiver is required because of a failure of the early warning system of the Rus-sian Federation. 
‘‘(d) S
UNSET .—The prohibitions in subsection 
(a) and (b) shall expire on January 1, 2031.’’. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 130f the following new item: 
‘‘130g. Prohibitions on providing certain mis-
sile defense information to Russian Fed-eration.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1246 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 923), as amended by section 1243 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3568), is further amend-ed— 
(1) by striking subsection (c); and (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
AND LIMITA -
TIONS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘ FEDERA -
TION’’. 
SEC. 1662. PROHIBITION ON INTEGRATION OF 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF CHINA INTO MISSILE DEFENSE SYS-TEMS OF UNITED STATES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of De-fense may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the People’s Republic of China into any missile defense system of the United States. 
SEC. 1663. PROHIBITION ON INTEGRATION OF 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF RUS-SIAN FEDERATION INTO MISSILE DE-FENSE SYSTEMS OF UNITED STATES AND NATO. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2031 for the Department of Defense or for contributions of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States or NATO. 
SEC. 1664. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR LONG-RANGE DISCRIMI-NATING RADAR. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that— 
(1) the long-range discriminating radar will be 
a critically important addition to the ballistic missile defense system; 
(2) such radar will offer needed capability to 
respond to emerging ballistic missile threats in-volving countermeasures and decoys; and 
(3) the Department of Defense should take all 
appropriate steps to ensure that such radar is operational in 2020. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—No funds authorized to be 
appropriated may be obligated or expended for military construction for the long-range dis-criminating radar (other than for planning and design) until— 
(1) the Director of Cost Assessment and Pro-
gram Evaluation submits to the congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3074 May 14, 2015 
defense committees the cost assessment con-
ducted under subsection (c)(1); 
(2) the Commander of the United States Stra-
tegic Command and the Commander of the United States Northern Command jointly certify to the congressional defense committees that the site for the long-range discriminating radar pro-posed by the Director of the Missile Defense Agency— 
(A) best supports missile defense and space sit-
uational awareness; and 
(B) based on the cost assessment conducted 
under subsection (c)(1), is the most cost-effective option; and 
(3) a period of 60 days elapses following the 
date of such certification. 
(c) C
OSTASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of Cost Assess-
ment and Program Evaluation shall conduct a cost assessment providing the costs of the com-plete ground-based radar and other sensor con-figurations required to provide the same or com-parable missile defense tracking and discrimina-tion data as the long-range discriminating radar sites under consideration by the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, and the Commander of the United States Northern Command the cost as-
sessment conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1665. LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR PATRIOT LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITY OF THE ARMY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (c), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for any program described in subsection (b) may be obligated or expended unless— 
(1) the Secretary of the Army certifies to the 
congressional defense committees that the anal-ysis of alternatives regarding the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army has been submitted to such committees; 
(2) a period of 60 days has elapsed following 
the date on which the Secretary makes the cer-tification under paragraph (1); and 
(3) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics certifies to such committees that such obligation or expend-iture of funds on such programs is consistent with the findings of the analysis of alternatives described in paragraph (1) to modernize the Pa-triot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DESCRIBED .—A program de-
scribed in this subsection are the following com-ponents and capabilities of the Patriot air and missile defense system: 
(1) Radar capability development, radar im-
provements, the digital sidelobe canceller, or the radar digital processor of the lower tier air and missile defense program of the Army. 
(2) The enhanced launcher electronic system. (c) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics may waive the limitations in subsection (a) if the Under Secretary— 
(1) determines that such waiver— (A) is caused by the delay of the analysis of 
alternatives described in paragraph (1) of such subsection; and 
(B) is necessary to avoid an unacceptable risk 
to mission performance; 
(2) notifies the congressional defense commit-
tees of such waiver; and 
(3) pursuant to such waiver, obligates or ex-
pends funds only in amounts necessary to avoid such unacceptable risk to mission performance. 
SEC. 1666. INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY 
OF AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NTEROPERABILITY OF MISSILE DEFENSE  
SYSTEMS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the 
Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, act-ing through the Missile Defense Executive Board, shall ensure the interoperability and in-tegration of the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with such capa-bilities of allies of the United States, including by carrying out operational testing. 
(b) A
NNUAL DEMONSTRATION .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided by 
paragraph (2), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Secretary of the Army shall jointly ensure that not less than one inter-cept or flight test is carried out each year that demonstrates the interoperability and integra-tion of the covered air and missile defense capa-bility of the United States. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Director and the Secretary 
may waive the requirement in paragraph (1) with respect to an intercept or flight test carried out during the year covered by the waiver if the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics— 
(A) determines that such waiver is necessary 
for such year; and 
(B) submits to the congressional defense com-
mittees notification of such waiver, including an explanation for how such waiver will not nega-tively affect demonstrating the interoperability and integration of the covered air and missile defense capability of the United States. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered air and missile defense capabilities’’ means Patriot air and missile defense batteries and associated interceptors and systems, Aegis ships and associated ballistic missile interceptors (including Aegis Ashore capability), AN/TPY–2 radars, and terminal high altitude area defense batteries and interceptors. 
SEC. 1667. INTEGRATION OF ALLIED MISSILE DE-
FENSE CAPABILITIES. 
(a) A SSESSMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, each cov-ered commander shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment on opportunities for the in-tegration and interoperability of covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with such capabilities of allies of the United States located in the area of responsibility of the commander, particularly with respect to such allies who acquired such capabilities through foreign military sales by the United States. Each assessment shall include an assessment of the key technology, security, command and control, and policy requirements necessary to achieve such an integrated and interoperable air and missile defense capability in a manner that en-sures burden sharing and furthers the force multiplication goals of the United States. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which a covered commander submits to the Secretary and the Chairman an assess-ment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing such assessment, without change. 
(b) I
NTEGRATION , INTEROPERABILITY , AND 
COMMAND -AND-CONTROL .—The Secretary and 
the Chairman, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Army, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Chief of Naval Operations, shall carry out the plan-ning, risk assessments, policy development, and concepts of operations necessary for each cov-ered commander to ensure that the integration, interoperability, and command-and-control of air and missile defense capabilities described in subsection (a)(1) occur by not later than Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY BRIEFINGS .—Not later than 270 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each 90-day period thereafter through De-cember 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly provide to the congressional defense com-mittees a briefing that describes the progress made by the Secretary, the Chairman, and the 
covered commanders with respect to carrying out subsection (b), including an identification of each required action that has not been taken as of the date of the report. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered air and missile defense 
capabilities’’ means Patriot air and missile de-fense batteries and associated interceptors and systems, Aegis ships and associated ballistic mis-sile interceptors (including Aegis Ashore capa-bility), AN/TPY–2 radars, and terminal high al-titude area defense batteries and interceptors. 
(2) The term ‘‘covered commander’’ means the 
following: 
(A) The Commander of the United States Eu-
ropean Command. 
(B) The Commander of the United States Cen-
tral Command. 
(C) The Commander of the United States Pa-
cific Command. 
SEC. 1668. MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY IN EU-
ROPE. 
(a) A EGISASHORE SITES.— 
(1) P OLAND .—The Secretary of Defense, in co-
ordination with the Secretary of State, shall en-sure that the Aegis Ashore site to be deployed in the Republic of Poland has anti-air warfare ca-pability upon such site achieving full operating capability. 
(2) R
OMANIA .—The Secretary of Defense, in 
coordination with the Secretary of State, shall develop and implement a plan to provide anti- air warfare capability to the Aegis Ashore site deployed in the Republic of Romania by not later than December 31, 2018. 
(3) E
VALUATION OF CERTAIN MISSILES .—The 
Secretary shall evaluate the feasibility, benefit, and cost of using the evolved sea sparrow mis-sile or the standard missile 2 in providing the anti-air warfare capability described in para-graphs (1) and (2). 
(b) C
APABILITIES IN EUROPEAN COMMAND  
AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY .— 
(1) R OTATIONAL DEPLOYMENT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that a terminal high altitude area defense battery is available for rotational deployment to the area of responsibility of the United States European Command unless the Secretary notifies the con-gressional defense committees that such battery is needed in the area of responsibility of another combatant command. 
(2) P
RE-POSITIONING SITES .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall examine potential sites in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command to pre-position a terminal high alti-tude area defense battery. 
(3) S
TUDIES .— 
(A) Not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct studies to evaluate— 
(i) not fewer than three sites in the area of re-
sponsibility of the United States European Com-mand for the deployment of a terminal high alti-tude area defense battery in the event that the deployment of such a battery is determined to be necessary; and 
(ii) not fewer than three sites in such area for 
the deployment of a Patriot air and missile de-fense battery in the event that such a deploy-ment is determined to be necessary. 
(B) In evaluating sites under clauses (i) and 
(ii) of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall de-termine which sites are best for defending— 
(i) the Armed Forces of the United States; and (ii) the member states of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization. 
(4) A
GREEMENTS .—If the Secretary of Defense 
determines that a deployment described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (3)(A) is necessary and the appropriate host nation requests such a deployment, the President shall seek to enter into the necessary agreements with the host na-tion to carry out such deployment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3075 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 1669. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR IRON 
DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DE-FENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by section 101 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $41,400,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure radars for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system as specified in the funding table in section 4101, including for co-production of such radars in the United States by industry of the United States. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .— 
(1) A GREEMENT .—Funds described in sub-
section (a) to produce the Iron Dome short- range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms, conditions, and co-produc-tion targets specified for fiscal year 2015 in the ‘‘Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Min-istry of Defense of the State of Israel Con-cerning Iron Dome Defense System Procure-ment,’’ signed on March 5, 2014. In negotiations by the Missile Defense Agency and the Missile Defense Organization of the Government of Israel regarding such production, the goal of the United States is to maximize opportunities for co-production of the radars described subsection (a) in the United States by industry of the United States. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
prior to the initial obligation of funds described in subsection (a), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees— 
(A) a certification that the agreement speci-
fied in paragraph (1) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and 
(B) an assessment detailing any risks relating 
to the implementation of such agreement. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1670. ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DE-
FENSE PROGRAM CO-DEVELOPMENT AND POTENTIAL CO-PRODUCTION. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) 
and (c), of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by section 101 for procurement, Defense- wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4101— 
(A) not more than $150,000,000 may be pro-
vided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling weapon system; and 
(B) not more than $15,000,000 may be provided 
to the Government of Israel to procure the Arrow 3 upper tier development program. 
(2) P
ROCUREMENT AND CO -PRODUCTION .—The 
use of funds under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) be carried out only with respect to pro-
curement activities; and 
(B) include the co-production of parts and 
components in the United States by United States industry. 
(b) C
ONDITION ON USE OF FUNDS.—The Direc-
tor of the Missile Defense Agency may not carry out subparagraphs (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(1) unless— 
(1) the Director and the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics jointly certify to the appropriate congres-sional committees that— 
(A) the knowledge points and production 
readiness agreements of the research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation agreements for the David’s Sling weapon system or the Arrow 3 upper tier development program, respectively, 
have been successfully completed; 
(B) such subparagraphs shall be carried out 
with the Government of Israel matching funds in an amount equal to the amount of funds pro-vided by the United States; and 
(C) the United States and the Government of 
Israel have entered into a bilateral agreement that— 
(i) establishes the terms of co-production of 
parts and components described in subsection (a)(2) pursuant to the teaming agreements pre-viously entered into regarding the co-develop-ment of such weapon system and development program in a manner that minimizes non-recur-ring engineering and facilitization expenses; 
(ii) establishes complete transparency on the 
requirement of Israel for the number of intercep-tors and batteries of such weapon system and development program that will be procured; 
(iii) allows the Director and Under Secretary 
to establish technical milestones for co-produc-tion and procurement of the such weapon sys-tem and development program; and 
(iv) establishes joint approval processes for 
third-party sales of such weapon system and de-velopment program; and 
(2) a period of 90 days has elapsed following 
the date of such certification. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1671. DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT OF 
MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE FOR MISSILE DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the ballistic missile defense of the United 
States homeland is the highest priority of the Missile Defense Agency; 
(2) the Missile Defense Agency is appro-
priately prioritizing the design, development, and deployment of the redesigned kill vehicle; and 
(3) the multiple-object kill vehicle is critical to 
the future of the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland. 
(b) M
ULTIPLE -OBJECT KILLVEHICLE .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—The Director of the Mis-
sile Defense Agency shall develop a highly reli-able multiple-object kill vehicle for the ground- based midcourse defense system using best ac-quisition practices. 
(2) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director shall— 
(A) conduct rigorous flight testing of the mul-
tiple-object kill vehicle developed under para-graph (1) by not later than 2020; and 
(B) recognizing the primacy of developing the 
redesigned kill vehicle, produce and deploy the multiple-object kill vehicle as early as prac-ticable after the date on which the Director car-ries out paragraph (1). 
(c) C
APABILITIES AND CRITERIA .—The Director 
shall ensure that the multiple-object kill vehicle developed under subsection (b)(1) meets, at a minimum, the following capabilities and cri-teria: 
(1) Vehicle-to-vehicle communications. (2) Vehicle-to-ground communications. (3) Kill assessment capability. (4) The ability to counter advanced counter 
measures, decoys and penetration aids. 
(5) Produceability and manufacturability. (6) Use of technology involving high tech-
nology readiness levels. 
(7) Options to be integrated onto other missile 
defense interceptor vehicles other than the ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system. 
(d) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT .—The manage-
ment of the multiple-object kill vehicle program under subsection (b) shall report directly to the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency. (e) R
EPORT ON FUNDING PROFILE .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the funding profile of the multiple-object kill vehicle program under subsection (b). 
SEC. 1672. BOOST PHASE DEFENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(1) prioritize technology investments in the 
Department of Defense to support efforts by the Missile Defense Agency to develop and field a boost phase defense system by fiscal year 2022; 
(2) ensure that development and fielding of a 
boost phase missile defense layer to the ballistic missile defense system supports multiple war fighter missile defense requirements, including, specifically, protection of the United States homeland and allies of the United States against ballistic missiles, particularly in the boost phase; 
(3) continue development and fielding of high- 
energy lasers and high-power microwave sys-tems as part of a layered architecture to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes; and 
(4) encourage collaboration among the mili-
tary departments and the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency with respect to high en-ergy laser efforts carried out in support of the Missile Defense Agency. 
(b) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF BOOST 
PHASE MISSILE DEFENSE .— 
(1) S ENIOR LEVEL ADVISORY GROUP .—The Di-
rector of the Missile Defense Agency shall estab-lish a senior level advisory group (consisting of individuals with expertise in industry, science, and Department of Defense program manage-ment) to recommend to the Director promising technologies, including such technologies rec-ommended by industry, that the Director can evaluate for use as a boost phase missile defense layer. 
(2) B
RIEFING .—Not later than May 1, 2016, the 
Director shall provide to the congressional de-fense committees a briefing on— 
(A) the recommendations of the senior level 
advisory group under paragraph (1); 
(B) a plan for developing one or more pro-
grams of record for boost phase missile defense systems; and 
(C) the views of the Director regarding such 
recommendations and plan. 
SEC. 1673. EAST COAST HOMEPORT OF SEA-BASED 
X-BAND RADAR. 
(a) H OMEPORT .—Subject to subsection (b), not 
later than December 31, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy shall— 
(1) reassign the homeport of the sea-based X- 
band radar to a homeport on the East Coast of the United States; and 
(2) ensure that such vessel has an at-sea ca-
pability of not less than 120 days per year. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary may not 
carry out subsection (a) until the date on which the Director of the Missile Defense Agency cer-tifies to the congressional defense committees that Hawaii will have adequate missile defense coverage prior to the reassignment of the home-port of the sea-based X-band radar as described in such subsection. 
(c) R
EQUIRED STUDIES AND EVALUATIONS .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Director shall commence any siting studies, environmental impact assess-ments or statements, homeport agreements for sea-based X-band radar support, evaluations of any needed pier modifications, and evaluations of any communications capabilities or other re-quirements to carry out the homeport reassign-ment under subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 1674. PLAN FOR MEDIUM RANGE BALLISTIC 
MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR ALTER-NATIVES FOR ENHANCED DEFENSE OF HAWAII. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3076 May 14, 2015 
(1) expanding persistent midcourse and ter-
minal ballistic missile defense system discrimina-tion capability is critically important to the de-fense of the Nation; 
(2) such discrimination capability is needed to 
respond to emerging ballistic missile threats in-volving countermeasures and decoys; and 
(3) the Department of Defense should take all 
appropriate steps to ensure Hawaii has ade-quate missile defense coverage. 
(b) E
VALUATION AND PLAN.— 
(1) E VALUATION .—The Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency shall conduct an evaluation of potential options for fielding medium range bal-listic missile defense sensor alternatives for the defense of Hawaii, including— 
(A) the use of the Aegis Ashore Missile De-
fense Test Complex land-based system at the Pa-cific Missile Range Facility in Hawaii; 
(B) the use of existing sensor assets in the re-
gion; and 
(C) other options the Director determines ap-
propriate. 
(2) S
UBMITTAL OF PLAN .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the missile defense of Hawaii, which shall include— 
(A) a summary of the findings of the evalua-
tion conducted under paragraph (1); 
(B) estimated acquisition and operating costs 
for each sensor option; and 
(C) a timeline for deployment of the sensor. 
SEC. 1675. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF 
NON-TERRESTRIAL MISSILE DE-FENSE LAYER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall com-mence the concept definition, design, research, development, and engineering evaluation of a space-based ballistic missile intercept and defeat layer to the ballistic missile defense system that— 
(1) shall provide increased access to ballistic 
missile targets, independent of adversary coun-try size and threat trajectory; 
(2) may provide a boost-phase layer for missile 
defense; and 
(3) may provide additional defensive options 
against direct ascent anti-satellite weapons and hypersonic glide vehicles and maneuvering re- entry vehicles. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The activities carried out 
under subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum the following: 
(1) Initiate formal steps for potential integra-
tion into the architecture of the ballistic missile defense system. 
(2) Mature planning for early proof of concept 
component demonstrations. 
(3) Draft operation concepts in the context of 
a multi-layer architecture. 
(4) Identification of proof of concept vendor 
sources for demo components and subassemblies. 
(5) The development of a multiyear technology 
and risk reduction investment plan. 
(6) Commence development of proof of concept 
master program phasing schedule. 
(7) Identification of proof of concept long lead 
items. 
(8) Mature options for an acquisition strategy. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report that includes— 
(1) the findings of the concept development re-
quired by subsection (a); 
(2) a plan for developing one or more pro-
grams of record for a non-terrestrial missile de-fense layer; and (3) the views of the Director regarding such 
findings and plan. 
(d) B
RIEFING .—Not later the March 31, 2016, 
the Director shall provide to the congressional defense committees an interim briefing on the plan described in subsection (c)(2). 
SEC. 1676. AEGIS ASHORE CAPABILITY DEVELOP-
MENT. 
(a) E VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency, in coordination with the Chief of Naval Operations and the Chief of Staff of the Army, shall evaluate the role, feasibility, cost, and cost benefit of additional Aegis Ashore sites and upgrades to current ballistic missile de-fense system sensors to offset capacity demands on current Aegis ships, Aegis Ashore sites, and Patriot and Terminal High Altitude Area De-fense capability and to meet the requirements of the combatant commanders. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall— 
(A) review the evaluation conducted under 
paragraph (1); and 
(B) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees such evaluation and the results of such review. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF FMS O BSTACLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of De-
fense for Policy and the Secretary of State shall jointly identify any obstacles to foreign military sales of Aegis Ashore or co-financing of addi-tional Aegis Ashore sites. Such evaluation shall include, with appropriate coordination with other agencies and departments of the Federal Government as appropriate, the feasibility of host nation manning or dual manning with the United States and such host nation. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .— 
(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense com-mittees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate an interim brief-ing on the identification of obstacles under paragraph (1). 
(B) Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to such committees a report on such identification. 
(c) N
EGOTIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall seek to 
enter into host nation agreements for Aegis Ashore sites and co-financing and co-develop-ment opportunities as appropriate if the sites meet the requirements of the combatant com-manders. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall transmit to the congressional defense, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate the status of efforts to seek to enter into agreements described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1677. BRIEFINGS ON PROCUREMENT AND 
PLANNING OF LEFT-OF-LAUNCH CA-PABILITY. 
(a) B RIEFING ON CURRENT CAPABILITY .—Not 
later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the mili-tary requirement for left-of-launch capability and any current gaps in meeting such require-ment. (b) B
RIEFING ON JOINT REVIEW AND PLAN TO  
DEVELOP AND PROCURE CAPABILITIES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall joint-ly provide to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a briefing on the plan of the Secretary and the Director to develop and procure the left- of-launch capabilities as described in the brief-ing under subsection (a). 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND 
AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER 
THREE YEARS.—Except as provided in subsection 
(b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authoriza-tions of appropriations therefor) shall expire on the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2019. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to authorizations for military construc-tion projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for fiscal year 2019 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX 
shall take effect on the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2015; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ........................................... Fort Greely ................................................................... ........................ $7,800,000 
California ....................................... Concord ....................................................................... ......................... $98,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3077 May 14, 2015 
Army: Inside the United States —Continued 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Colorado ........................................ Fort Carson .................................................................... ...................... $5,800,000 
Georgia .......................................... Fort Gordon ................................................................... ....................... $90,000,000 
New York ....................................... Fort Drum ....................................................................... ...................... $19,000,000 
United States Military Academy ............................................................. $70,000,000 
Oklahoma ...................................... Fort Sill ........................................................................ ........................ $69,400,000 
Texas ............................................. Corpus Christi ............................................................... ........................ $85,000,000 
Virginia ......................................... Fort Lee ...................................................................... .......................... $33,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction project for the instal-lation outside the United States, and in the 
amount, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Germany ........................................ Grafenwoehr ..................................................................... .................... $51,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-
lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation Units Amount 
Florida ................................... Camp Rudder ....................................................................... Fam ily 
Housing New 
Construction $8,000,000 
Illinois ................................... Rock Island ......................................................................... . Family 
Housing New 
Construction $20,000,000 
Korea ..................................... Camp Walker ........................................................................ Fa mily 
Housing New 
Construction $61,000,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $7,195,000. 
SEC. 2103. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations 
in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,500,000. 
SEC. 2104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 
2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2105. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2101(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2119) for the United States Military Academy, New York, for construction of a Cadet barracks building at the installation, the Secretary of the Army may install mechanical equipment and distribution lines sufficient to provide chilled 
water for air conditioning the nine existing his-torical Cadet barracks which are being ren-
ovated through the Cadet Barracks Upgrade Program. 
SEC. 2106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (125 Stat. 1661) and extended by section 2107 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3673), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Georgia .................................................... Fort Benning .......................................... Land Acquisiti on ..................................... $5,100,000 
Fort Benning .......................................... Land Acquisition ..................................... $25,000,000 
Virginia ................................................... Fort Belvoir ............................................ Road and Inf rastructure Improvements .... $25,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3078 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 2107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided 
in section 2101 of that Act (126 Stat. 2119), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later: 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
District of Columbia .................................. Fort McNair ............................................ Vehicle Storage Bu ilding, Installation ...... $7,191,000 
Kansas ..................................................... Fort Riley ............................................... Unmanned Ae rial Vehicle Complex ........... $12,184,000 
North Carolina ......................................... Fort Bragg .............................................. Aerial Gunnery R ange ............................. $41,945,000 
Texas ....................................................... JB San Antonio ....................................... Barracks ...... ........................................... $20,971,000 
Virginia ................................................... Fort Belvoir ............................................ Secure Admin /Operations Facility ............ $93,876,000 
Italy ........................................................ Camp Ederle ............................................ Barracks ... .............................................. $35,952,000 
Japan ...................................................... Sagami .................................................... Vehicle Ma intenance Shop ....................... $17,976,000 
SEC. 2108. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY 
OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECTS. 
(a) B RUSSELS .—The Secretary of the Army 
may carry out a military construction project to construct a multi-sport athletic field and track and perimeter road and fencing and acquire ap-proximately 5 acres of land adjacent to the ex-isting Sterrebeek Dependent School site to allow relocation of Army functions to the site in sup-port of the European Infrastructure Consolida-tion effort, in the amount of $6,000,000. 
(b) R
HINE ORDNANCE BARRACKS .— (1) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary 
of the Army may carry out a military construc-tion project to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Bar-racks, Germany, in the amount of $12,400,000. 
(2) U
SE OF HOST -NATION PAYMENT -IN-KIND 
FUNDS .—The Secretary may use available host- 
nation payment-in-kind funding for the project described in paragraph (1). TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona .......................................... Yuma .......................................................................... .......................... $50,635,000 
California ........................................ Camp Pendleton ............................................................... ..................... $44,540,000 
Coronado .............................................................................................. $4,856,000 
Lemoore ................................................................................................ $71,830,000 
Point Mugu ........................................................................................... $22,427,000 
San Diego .............................................................................................. $37,366,000 
Twentynine Palms ................................................................................. $9,160,000 
Florida ............................................ Jacksonville ................................................................ ........................... $16,751,000 
Mayport ................................................................................................ $16,159,000 
Pensacola .............................................................................................. $18,347,000 
Whiting Field ........................................................................................ $10,421,000 
Georgia ........................................... Albany ....................................................................... ........................... $7,851,000 
Kings Bay ............................................................................................. $8,099,000 
Townsend .............................................................................................. $48,279,000 
Guam .............................................. Joint Region Marianas ........................................................ ................... $181,768,000 
Hawaii ............................................ Barking Sands ................................................................ ....................... $30,623,000 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ............................................................ $14,881,000 
Kaneohe Bay ......................................................................................... $106,618,000 
Maryland ........................................ Patuxent River ................................................................. ..................... $40,935,000 
North Carolina ................................ Camp Lejeune ..................................................................... ................... $54,849,000 
Cherry Point ......................................................................................... $34,426,000 
New River ............................................................................................. $8,230,000 
South Carolina ................................ Parris Island .................................................................... ..................... $27,075,000 
Virginia ........................................... Dam Neck .................................................................... .......................... $23,066,000 
Norfolk ................................................................................................. $126,677,000 
Portsmouth ........................................................................................... $45,513,000 
Quantico ............................................................................................... $58,199,000 
Washington ..................................... Bangor .......................................................................... ........................ $34,177,000 
Bremerton ............................................................................................. $22,680,000 
Indian Island ........................................................................................ $4,472,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and 
available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3079 May 14, 2015 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Japan ............................................. Camp Butler .................................................................. ........................ $11,697,000 
Iwakuni ................................................................................................ $17,923,000 
Kadena AB ........................................................................................... $23,310,000 
Yokosuka .............................................................................................. $13,846,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-
lation or location, in the number of units, and in the amount set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
State Installation Units Amount 
Virginia ................................................... Wallops Island ........................................ Family Housing  New Construction ........... $438,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,588,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed 
$11,515,000. 
SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this 
Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2205. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (125 Stat. 1666) and extended by section 2208 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3678), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ................................................ Camp Pendleton ...................................... Infantry Squad De fense Range ................ $29,187,000 
Florida .................................................... Jacksonville ............................................ P-8A Hangar Upgrades ............................ $6,085,00 
Georgia .................................................... Kings Bay ............................................... Crab Island Security Enclave ................... $52,913,000 
SEC. 2206. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (126 Stat. 2122), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ................................................ Camp Pendleton ...................................... Comm. Information  Systems Ops Complex $78,897,000 
Coronado ................................................ Bachelor Quarters ................................... $76,063,000 
Twentynine Palms ................................... Land Expansion Phase 2 ......................... $47,270,000 
Greece ...................................................... Souda Bay .............................................. Intermodal A ccess Road ........................... $4,630,000 
South Carolina ......................................... Beaufort ................................................. Recycling/Hazar dous Waste Facility ......... $3,743,000 
Virginia ................................................... Quantico ................................................. Infrastruct ure—Widen Russell Road ......... $14,826,000 
Worldwide Unspecified ............................. Various Worldwide Locations ................... BAMS Operational Facilities .... ............... $34,048,000 
SEC. 2207. TOWNSEND BOMBING RANGE EXPAN-
SION, PHASE 2. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY .—With respect to 
the authorization contained in section 2201(a) for expansion of Townsend Bombing Range to support Marine Corps Air Station, Beaufort, Georgia, the Secretary of the Navy may convey, without consideration, to McIntosh County and Long County, Georgia (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to two fire and emergency response stations to be constructed as part of the land acquisition. 
(b) U
SE OF CONVEYED PROPERTY .— (1) P ROVISION OF SECONDARY FIRE AND EMER -
GENCY SUPPORT .—As a condition for the con-
struction and conveyance under subsection (a) of the fire and emergency response stations, each County shall enter into a mutual support agreement with the Secretary of the Navy to provide secondary fire and emergency support for the Townsend Bombing Range. Each County shall agree to equip, staff, and operate the fire and emergency response station conveyed to that County in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT PAYMENT OF CONSIDER -
ATION .—If the Secretary of the Navy determines 
that a fire and emergency response station con-veyed to a County under subsection (a) is ever 
put to a primary use other than as a fire and emergency response station, that County shall pay, at the election of the Secretary, an amount equal to the then current fair market value of the fire and emergency response station, as de-termined by the Secretary. 
(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL AND ZONING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Each County shall be responsible for 
meeting any environmental requirements associ-ated with the County-owned land, including any permits, or other local zoning processes, in preparation for the construction of the fire and emergency response station on the land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3080 May 14, 2015 
(d) D ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-
mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The convey-
ance of real property under subsection (a) shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy and the County, including such addi-tional terms and conditions as the Secretary 
considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-
TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and 
available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................ Eielson Air Force Base ................................................... ............................................... $71,400,000 
Arizona ................................................ Davis-Monthan Air Force Base ............................................ ......................................... $16,900,000 
Luke Air Force Base ..................................................................................................... $56,700 ,000 
Colorado .............................................. Air Force Academy ........................................................ ............................................... $10,000,000 
Florida ................................................. Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ....................................... .......................................... $21,000,000 
Eglin Air Force Base ..................................................................................................... $8,700 ,000 
Hurlburt Field .............................................................................................................. $14 ,200,000 
Guam ................................................... Joint Region Marianas ................................................... ............................................... $50,800,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................................... .......................................... $46,000,000 
Kansas ................................................ McConnell Air Force Base ................................................. ............................................ $4,300,000 
Missouri ............................................... Whiteman Air Force Base ................................................. ............................................. $29,500,000 
Montana .............................................. Malstrom Air Force Base ................................................... ............................................ $19,700,000 
Nebraska .............................................. Offutt Air Force Base .................................................... ............................................... $21,000,000 
Nevada ................................................. Nellis Air Force Base ................................................... .................................................. $68,950,000 
New Mexico .......................................... Cannon Air Force Base ...................................................... ........................................... $7,800,000 
Holloman Air Force Base ............................................................................................... $3,000,00 0 
Kirtland Air Force Base ................................................................................................ $12,800, 000 
North Carolina ..................................... Seymour Johnson Air Force Base .............................................. ..................................... $17,100,000 
Oklahoma ............................................ Altus Air Force Base ....................................................... .............................................. $28,400,000 
Tinker Air Force Base ................................................................................................... $49,900 ,000 
South Dakota ....................................... Ellsworth Air Force Base .................................................... .......................................... $23,000,000 
Texas ................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ................................................. ................................................ $106,000,000 
Utah .................................................... Hill Air Force Base .................................................... ................................................... $38,400,000 
Wyoming .............................................. F.E. Warren Air Force Base ................................................ .......................................... $95,000,000 
CONUS Classified ................................. Classified Location ........................................................... ............................................ $77,130,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the instal-lations or locations outside the United States, 
and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Greenland ................................................. Thule Air Base ....................................................... ................................................... $41,965,000 
Japan ....................................................... Kadena Air Base .................................................... ................................................... $3,000,000 
Yokota Air Base ........................................................................................................ $8,461,0 00 
United Kingdom ........................................ Croughton Royal Air Force ................................................ ........................................ $130,615,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family hous-ing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $9,849,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $150,649,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the 
funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2010 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2636) for Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii, for con-struction of a ground control tower at the in-stallation, the Secretary of the Air Force may install communications cabling. 
SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—In the case of the au-
thorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 993) for Royal Air Force Lakenheath, United Kingdom, for construction 
of a Guardian Angel Operations Facility at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct the facility at an unspecified location within the United States European Command’s area of responsibility. 
(b) N
OTICE AND WAITREQUIREMENT .—Before 
the Secretary of the Air Force commences con-struction of the Guardian Angel Operations Fa-cility at an alternative location, as authorized by subsection (a)— 
(1) the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing a description of the project, including the rational for selection of the project location; and 
(2) a period of 14 days has expired following 
the date on which the report is received by the committees or, if over sooner, a period of 7 days has expired following the date on which a copy of the report is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3081 May 14, 2015 
for McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, for con-
struction of a KC-46A Alter Composite Mainte-nance Shop at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 696 square meter (7,500 square foot) facility consistent with Air Force guidelines for composite maintenance shops. SEC. 2308. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (125 Stat. 1670) and extended by section 2305 of the Military Con-
struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3680), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2012 Project Authorization 
Country Installation Project Amount 
Italy ........................................................ Sigonella Naval Air Station ...................... UAS SATCOM Relay Pads and Facility .... $15,000,000 
SEC. 2309. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (126 Stat. 2126), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2013 Project Authorization 
Country Installation Project Amount 
Portugal .................................................. Lajes Field .............................................. Sanitary Sew er Lift/Pump Station ............ $2,000,000 
SEC. 2310. LIMITATION ON PROJECT AUTHORIZA-
TION TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FIS-CAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT CONDITIONED ON SUBMISSION OF  
REPORT .—No amounts may be expended for the 
construction of the Joint Intelligence Analysis 
Complex Consolidation, Phase 2, at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, as author-ized by section 2301(b) until the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, submits a re-port to the congressional defense committees that provides— 
(1) a summary of the alternatives considered 
to support continuity of operations of critical communications and intelligence capabilities lo-cated at, and to be consolidated to, Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom; and (2) a list of critical communications and intel-
ligence capabilities that were considered under continuity of operations planning. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON RELATED REALIGNMENT AC-
TIONS .—On and after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, no additional action to realign forces at Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, shall be taken until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary of Defense has determined, based on an analysis of operational requirements, that Lajes Air Force Base is not an optimal location for the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex, or any of the critical communications or intel-ligence capabilities considered pursuant to sub-section (a)(2). The certification shall include a discussion of the basis for the Secretary’s deter-
mination. 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alabama .......................................................... Fort Rucker ................................................... ..................... $46,787,000 
Maxwell Air Force Base ...................................................... $32,968,000 
Arizona ........................................................... Fort Huachuca ................................................ ................... $3,884,000 
California Camp Pendleton ................................................................. $10,181,000 
Fresno Yosemite International Airport ................................. $10,700,000 
Colorado ......................................................... Fort Carson ................................................... ..................... $8,243,000 
Delaware ......................................................... Dover Air Force Base .......................................... ................ $21,600,000 
Florida ............................................................ Hurlburt Field .............................................. ...................... $17,989,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ....................................................... $39,142,000 
Georgia ........................................................... Moody Air Force Base ......................................... ................ $10,900,000 
Hawaii ............................................................ Kaneohe Bay .................................................. .................... $122,071,000 
Schofield Barracks .............................................................. $107,563,000 
Kentucky ........................................................ Fort Campbell .................................................. ................... $12,553,000 
Fort Knox .......................................................................... $23,279,000 
Maryland ........................................................ Fort Meade ..................................................... .................... $722,817,000 
Nevada ............................................................ Nellis Air Force Base ........................................ ................... $39,900,000 
New Mexico ..................................................... Cannon Air Force Base ........................................... ............ $45,111,000 
New York ........................................................ United States Military Academy ................................. ......... $55,778,000 
North Carolina ................................................ Camp Lejeune ..................................................... ................ $69,006,000 
Fort Bragg ......................................................................... $185,674,000 
Ohio ................................................................ Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ............................ ............. $6,623,000 
Oregon ............................................................ Klamath Falls International Airport .......................... .......... $2,500,000 
Pennsylvania ................................................... Philadelphia .................................................... ................... $49,700,000 
South Carolina ................................................ Fort Jackson ..................................................... .................. $26,157,000 
Texas .............................................................. Joint Base San Antonio ...................................... ................. $61,776,000 
Virginia ........................................................... Arlington National Cemetery ................................. .............. $30,000,000 
Fort Belvoir ........................................................................ $9,500,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ................................................... $28,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3082 May 14, 2015 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States —Continued 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Story ......................... $23,916,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Germany ....................................... Garmisch ......................................................................... ...................... $14,676,000 
Grafenwoehr ......................................................................................... $38,138,000 
Spangdahlem Air Base ........................................................................... $39,571,000 
Stuttgart-Patch Barracks ....................................................................... $49,413,000 
Japan ........................................... Kadena Air Base ................................................................ ................... $37,485,000 
Spain ........................................... Rota ........................................................................... .......................... $13,737,000 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY CONSERVATION 
PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and 
available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 
10, United States Code, in the amount set forth in the table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
California ..................................... Edwards AFB ..................................................................... ................... $4,550,000 
Fort Hunter Liggett ............................................................................... $22,000,000 
Colorado ....................................... Schriever AFB ................................................................... .................... $4,400,000 
District of Columbia ..................... NSA Washington/Naval Research Lab ..................................................... $10,990,000 
Hawaii ......................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .................................................. .......... $13,780,000 
MCRC Kaneohe Bay .............................................................................. $5,740,000 
Idaho ........................................... Mountain Home AFB .............................................................. ............... $9,122,000 
Montana ...................................... Malstrom AFB ...................................................................... ................. $4,260,000 
Virginia ........................................ Pentagon/Arlington ............................................................. .................. $4,528,000 
Washington .................................. Joint Base Lewis-McChord ........................................................... .......... $14,770,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
American Samoa ........................... Wake Island ........................................................................... ............... $5,331,000 
Bahamas ...................................... Ascencion Aux Airfield St Helena .................................................. ......... $5,500,000 
Guam ........................................... Naval Base Guam ................................................................. ................. $5,330,000 
Japan ........................................... CFA Yokoska .................................................................... .................... $13,940,000 
(c) L IMITATION ON SET-ASIDE OF FACILITIES  
RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION PROGRAM  
FUNDS FOR ENERGY PROJECTS .—Amounts appro-
priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priation in Section 301 for operation and main-tenance and made available for facilities res-toration and modernization may not be set-aside for the exclusive purpose of funding energy projects on military installations. Installation energy projects must compete in the normal process of determining installation requirements. 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table 
in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2404. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization in the table in 
section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1672), as amend-ed by section 2404(a) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (di-vision B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1632), 
for Fort Meade, Maryland, for construction of the High Performance Computing Center at the installation, the Secretary of Defense may con-struct a generator plant capable of producing up to 60 megawatts of back-up electrical power in support of the 60 megawatt technical load. 
SEC. 2405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (125 Stat. 1672) and extended by section 2405 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3685), shall remain in effect until October 1, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3083 May 14, 2015 
2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation Project Amount 
California ................................................ Naval Base Coronado .............................. SOF Support Activity  Operations Facility $38,800,000 
Virginia ................................................... Pentagon Reservation .............................. Heliport Control T ower and Fire Station .. $6,457,000 
Pedestrian Plaza ..................................... $2,285,000 
SEC. 2406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401(a) of that Act (126 Stat. 2127), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State Installation Project Amount 
California ................................................ Navel Base Coronado ............................... SOF Support Activit y Operations Facility $9,327,000 
Colorado .................................................. Pikes Peak .............................................. High Altitude  Medical Research Center .... $3,600,000 
Hawaii ..................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .............. SOF SDVT-1 Waterfront ... ....................... $22,384,000 
Pennsylvania ........................................... Def Distribution Depot New Cumberland .. Replace Reservoir ................ .................... $4,300,000 
SEC. 2407. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—In the case of the author-
ization contained in the table in section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 995), for Fort Knox, Kentucky, 
for construction of an Ambulatory Care Center at the installation, the Secretary of Defense may construct a 102,000-square foot medical clinic at the installation in the amount of $80,000,000 using appropriations available for the project pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403 of such Act (127 Stat. 998). 
(b) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing section 2002 of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (di-vision B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorization set forth in subsection (a) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, 
whichever is later. 
TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contribu-
tions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. 
SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, 
United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North At-lantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606(a) and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may ac-quire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Connecticut .................................. Camp Hartell ...................................................................... ................... $11,000,000 
Florida ......................................... Palm Coast ..................................................................... ....................... $18,000,000 
Illinois .......................................... Sparta ....................................................................... ............................ $1,900,000 
Kansas ......................................... Salina .......................................................................... ......................... $6,700,000 
Maryland ..................................... Easton ............................................................................ ...................... $13,800,000 
Nevada ......................................... Reno ............................................................................ ......................... $8,000,000 
Ohio ............................................. Camp Ravenna .................................................................. .................... $3,300,000 
Oregon ......................................... Salem ........................................................................... ......................... $16,500,000 
Pennsylvania ................................ Fort Indiantown Gap ................................................................ ............. $16,000,000 
Vermont ....................................... North Hyde Park .................................................................. ................. $7,900,000 
Virginia ........................................ Richmond ....................................................................... ....................... $29,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-
STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606(a) and available for the National Guard 
and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may ac-quire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the Army Reserve locations 
inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ..................................... Miramar ......................................................................... ....................... $24,000,000 
Florida ......................................... MacDill Air Force Base ......................................................... ................. $55,000,000 
New York ..................................... Orangeburg ........................................................................ ................... $4,200,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3084 May 14, 2015 
Army Reserve —Continued 
State Location Amount 
Pennsylvania ................................ Conneaut Lake ...................................................................... ................ $5,000,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-
RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606(a) and available for the National Guard 
and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve lo-cations inside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Nevada ......................................... Fallon .......................................................................... ......................... $11,480,000 
New York ..................................... Brooklyn .......................................................................... ..................... $2,479,000 
Virginia ........................................ Dam Neck ....................................................................... ...................... $18,443,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606(a) and available for the National Guard 
and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Air Force may acquire real prop-erty and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alabama ....................................... Dannelly Field ................................................................... ................... $7,600,000 
California ..................................... Moffett Field ................................................................... ...................... $6,500,000 
Colorado ....................................... Buckley Air Force Base .......................................................... ................ $5,100,000 
Georgia ......................................... Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport ..................................... ..... $9,000,000 
Iowa ............................................. Des Moines Municipal Airport .................................................. .............. $6,700,000 
Kansas ......................................... Smokey Hill Range ............................................................... ................. $2,900,000 
Louisiana ..................................... New Orleans ...................................................................... .................... $10,000,000 
Maine ........................................... Bangor International Airport ................................................... .............. $7,200,000 
New Hampshire ............................. Pease International Trade Port ....................................................... ....... $2,800,000 
New Jersey .................................... Atlantic City International Airport .............................................. .......... $10,200,000 
New York ..................................... Niagara Falls International Airport ............................................... ........ $7,700,000 
North Carolina ............................. Charlotte/Douglas International Airport ............................................. .... $9,000,000 
North Dakota ............................... Hector International Airport ........................................................ .......... $7,300,000 
Oklahoma ..................................... Will Rogers World Airport ......................................................... ............. $7,600,000 
Oregon ......................................... Klamath Falls International Airport ............................................. .......... $7,200,000 
West Virginia ................................ Yeager Airport .................................................................... ................... $3,900,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606(a) and available for the National Guard 
and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Air Force may acquire real prop-erty and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ..................................... March Air Force Base ............................................................ ................ $4,600,000 
Florida ......................................... Patrick Air Force Base ......................................................... .................. $3,400,000 
Ohio ............................................ Youngstown ..................................................................... ..................... $9,400,000 
Texas ........................................... Joint Base San Antonio ......................................................... ................ $9,900,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and 
for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, 
United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under sections 2601 through 2605 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—In the case of the author-
ization contained in the table in section 2602 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2135) for Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, for construction of an Army Reserve Center at that location, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new facility in the vi-cinity of Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3085 May 14, 2015 
(b) D URATION OF AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing section 2002 of the Military Construc-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Pub-lic Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authoriza-tion set forth in subsection (a) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. SEC. 2612. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2602 of that Act (125 Stat. 1678), and extended by section 2611 of the Military Con-
struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3690), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Extension of 2012 Army Reserve Project Authorizations 
State Location Project Amount 
Kansas ..................................................... Kansas City ............................................ Army Reserve Center ............................... $13,000,000 
Massachusetts .......................................... Attleboro ................................................. Army Reserve C enter ............................... $22,000,000 
SEC. 2613. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2601, 2602, and 2603 of that Act (126 Stat. 2134, 2135) shall remain in effect until Oc-tober 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an 
Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is a follows: 
Extension of 2013 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Arizona .................................................... Yuma ...................................................... Reserve Tr aining Facility ........................ $5,379,000 
California ................................................ Tustin ..................................................... Army Reser ve Center ............................... $27,000,000 
Iowa ........................................................ Fort Des Moines ...................................... Joint Reserve Center ................................ $19,162,000 
Louisiana ................................................ New Orleans ........................................... Transient Quarte rs .................................. $7,187,000 
New York ................................................. Camp Smith (Stormville) .......................... Combined Support Main tenance Shop 
Phase 1 ................................................ $24,000,000 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as author-ized by the Defense Base Closure and Realign-ment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Clo-sure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-
TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to au-
thorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. REVISION OF CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFI-
CATION THRESHOLDS FOR RESERVE FACILITY EXPENDITURES AND CON-TRIBUTIONS TO REFLECT CONGRES-SIONAL NOTIFICATION THRESH-OLDS FOR MINOR CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR PROJECTS. 
Section 18233a of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in an 
amount in excess of $750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘in excess of the amount specified in section 2805(b)(1) of this title’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘section 
2811(e) of this title) that costs less than $7,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e) of sec-tion 2811 of this title) that costs less than the amount specified in subsection (d) of such sec-tion’’. SEC. 2802. AUTHORITY FOR ACCEPTANCE AND 
USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FROM KU-WAIT FOR CONSTRUCTION, MAINTE-NANCE, AND REPAIR PROJECTS MU-TUALLY BENEFICIAL TO THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND KU-WAIT MILITARY FORCES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subchapter II of chapter 138 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2350n. Authority to accept and use con-
tributions for construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait mili-tary forces 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT AND USECON-
TRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary of Defense, with 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may accept cash contributions from the government of Kuwait for the purpose of paying costs in connection with construction (including mili-tary construction not otherwise authorized by law), maintenance, and repair projects in Ku-wait that are mutually beneficial to the Depart-ment of Defense and Kuwait military forces. 
‘‘(b) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY .—Contribu-
tions accepted under subsection (a) shall be de-posited in an account established in the Treas-ury and shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, until expended for a purpose specified in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATION OF MUTUALLY BENE-
FICIAL .—A construction, maintenance, or repair 
project is mutually beneficial for purposes of subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(1) the project is in support of a bilateral 
United States and Kuwait defense cooperation agreement; or 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of Defense determines, with 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, that the United States may derive a benefit from the project, including— 
‘‘(A) access to and use of facilities of Kuwait 
military forces; 
‘‘(B) ability or capacity for future posture; 
and 
‘‘(C) increased interoperability between 
United States armed forces and Kuwait military forces. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON ANNUAL OBLIGATIONS .— 
The maximum amount that the Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of 
State, may obligate in any fiscal year under this section is $50,000,000. 
‘‘(e) N
OTICE AND WAIT.—When a decision is 
made to carry out a construction, maintenance, or repair project using contributions accepted under subsection (a) and the estimated cost of the project will exceed the thresholds prescribed by section 2805 of this title, the Secretary of De-fense shall notify in writing the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of that decision, of the justification for the project, and of the estimated cost of the project. The project may then be carried out only after the end of the 21-day period beginning on the date the notification is received by the commit-tees or, if earlier, the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which a copy of the notification is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title. 
‘‘(f) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity to carry out construction, maintenance, and repair projects under this section expires on Sep-tember 30, 2020.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of subchapter II of chap-ter 138 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘2350n. Authority to accept and use contribu-
tions for construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait mili-tary forces.’’. 
SEC. 2803. DEFENSE LABORATORY MODERNIZA-
TION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of 
Defense may carry out, using amounts author-ized to be appropriated to the Department of De-fense for Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, such military construction projects as are authorized in a Military Construction Authorization Act at— 
(1) any Department of Defense Science and 
Technology Reinvention Laboratory (as des-ignated by section 1105(a) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note); and 
(2) Department of Defense Federally Funded 
Research and Development Centers that func-tion primarily as research laboratories located 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3086 May 14, 2015 
on a military installation on facilities owned by 
the Government. 
(b) S COPE OF PROJECT AUTHORITY .—Authority 
provided by law to carry out a military con-struction project under this section includes au-thority for— 
(1) surveys, site preparation, and advanced 
planning and design; 
(2) acquisition, conversion, rehabilitation, and 
installation of facilities; 
(3) acquisition and installation of equipment 
and appurtenances integral to the project; ac-quisition and installation of supporting facilities (including utilities) and appurtenances incident to the project; and 
(4) planning, supervision, administration, and 
overhead expenses incident to the project. 
(c) S
UBMISSION OF PROJECT REQUESTS .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall include military con-struction projects proposed to be carried out under this section in the budget justification documents for the Department of Defense sub-mitted to Congress in connection with the budg-et for a fiscal year submitted under 1105 of title 31, United States Code. 
(d) P
ROJECTS DESCRIBED .—The authority pro-
vided by this section shall be used for military construction projects that— 
(1) will support research and development ac-
tivities at laboratories described in subsection (a)(1) of more than one military department or Defense Agency and centers described in sub-section (a)(2); 
(2) will establish facilities that will have sig-
nificant potential for use by entities outside the Department of Defense, including universities, industrial partners, and other Federal agencies; and 
(3) are endorsed for funding by more than one 
military department or Defense Agency. 
(e) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—The maximum 
amount that may be obligated in any fiscal year under the authority provided by this section is $150,000,000. 
(f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity provided by this section shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
SEC. 2811. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITY TO AC-
CEPT CONDITIONAL GIFTS OF REAL PROPERTY ON BEHALF OF MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
Section 2601 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by redesigning subsections (e), (f), (g), (h), 
and (i) as subsections (f), (g), (h), (i), and (j), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) A
CCEPTANCE OF REALPROPERTY GIFTS; 
NAMING RIGHTS .—(1) The Secretary concerned 
may accept a gift under subsection (a) or (b) consisting of the provision, acquisition, en-hancement, or construction of real property of-fered to the United States Military Academy, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, or the Coast Guard Academy even though the gift will be subject to the condition that the real property, or a portion thereof, bear a specified name. 
‘‘(2) A gift may not be accepted under para-
graph (1) if— 
‘‘(A) the acceptance of the gift or the imposi-
tion of the naming-rights condition would re-flect unfavorably upon the United States, as provided in subsection (d)(2); or 
‘‘(B) the real property to be subject to the con-
dition, or portion thereof, has been named by an act of Congress. 
‘‘(3) The Secretaries concerned shall issue uni-
form regulations governing the circumstances under which gifts conditioned on naming rights may be accepted, appropriate naming conven-tions, and suitable display standards.’’. SEC. 2812. CONSULTATION REQUIREMENT IN 
CONNECTION WITH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MAJOR LAND ACQUISI-TIONS. 
Section 2664(a) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘No military de-
partment’’; 
(2) by inserting after the first sentence the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) If the real property acquisition is a major 
land acquisition inside a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, or any territory or possession of the United States, the Secretary concerned shall consult with the chief executive officer of the State, the District of Columbia, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or the territory or possession in which the land is located to de-termine options for completing the real property acquisition.’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘The foregoing limitation’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) The limitations imposed by paragraphs 
(1) and (2)’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘major land 
acquisition’ means any land acquisition not cov-ered by the authority to acquire low-cost inter-ests in land under section 2663(c) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 2813. ADDITIONAL MASTER PLAN REPORT-
ING REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO MAIN OPERATING BASES, FORWARD OPERATING SITES, AND COOPERA-TIVE SECURITY LOCATIONS OF CEN-TRAL COMMAND AND AFRICA COM-MAND AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY. 
Section 2687a(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) In the case of each report under para-
graph (1) submitted during fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the report also shall address or in-clude the following with respect to each main operating base, forward operating site, or coop-erative security location within the Area of Re-sponsibility of the Central Command or Africa Command: 
‘‘(A) The strategic goal and operational re-
quirements supported by the base, site, or loca-tion, and the basis for any infrastructure im-provements to the base, site, or location. 
‘‘(B) The estimated steady-state population of 
the base, site, or location, including the number of military personnel, Department of Defense ci-vilian personnel, and non-Department of De-fense personnel, including contractors. 
‘‘(C) A prioritized list of all anticipated near- 
term, mid-term, and long-term infrastructure projects for the base, site, or location, an esti-mated total cost to complete each project, and expected start and completion dates. 
‘‘(D) A discussion of the medical services and 
support services, including capacities of com-missaries, exchanges, or other support services, necessary to support the steady-state population of the base, site, or location, including any nec-essary investments in facilities to provide these services. 
‘‘(E) Current estimated costs, including 
United States appropriated funds and host-na-tion contributions, addressing all costs associ-ated with constructing, sustaining, repairing, or modernizing the infrastructure necessary to sup-port the United States military posture at the base, site, or location. 
‘‘(F) A long-term funding plan for the base, 
site, or location, identifying the military depart-ment or Defense Agency to be responsible for providing funding for the base, site, or location and the sources of funds for construction of new facilities, sustainment and restoration of exist-ing facilities, and operations and maintenance costs. 
‘‘(G) A summary of the terms of agreements 
with the host nation, including access agree-ments, status-of-forces agreements, or other im-
plementing agreements, and their specific terms (such as timeframe and cost) and limitations on United States presence and operations. 
‘‘(H) A comparison and explanation of any 
changes made from the report submitted in the previous year regarding the items required by the preceding subparagraphs.’’. 
SEC. 2814. FORCE-STRUCTURE PLAN AND INFRA-
STRUCTURE INVENTORY AND AS-SESSMENT OF INFRASTRUCTURE NECESSARY TO SUPPORT THE FORCE STRUCTURE. 
(a) P REPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF FORCE- 
STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRASTRUCTURE INVEN-
TORY .—As part of the budget justification docu-
ments submitted to Congress in support of the budget for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress the following: 
(1) A force-structure plan for each of the 
Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps based on an assessment by the Secretary of the prob-able threats to United States national security during the 20-year period beginning with fiscal year 2017, and the end-strength levels and major military force units (including land force divi-sions, carrier and other major combatant ves-sels, air wings, and other comparable units) au-thorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81). 
(2) A comprehensive inventory of military in-
stallations world-wide for each military depart-ment, with specifications of the number and type of facilities in the active and reserve forces of each military department. 
(b) R
ELATIONSHIP OF PLANS AND INVENTORY .— 
Using the force-structure plans and infrastruc-ture inventory prepared under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall prepare (and in-clude as part of the submission of such plans and inventory) the following: 
(1) A description of the infrastructure nec-
essary to support the force structure described in each force-structure plan. 
(2) A discussion of categories of excess infra-
structure and infrastructure capacity, and the Secretary’s objective for the reduction of such excess capacity. 
(3) An assessment of the value of retaining 
certain excess infrastructure to accommodate contingency, mobilization, or surge require-ments. 
(c) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In determining 
the level of necessary versus excess infrastruc-ture under subsection (b), the Secretary of De-fense shall consider the following: 
(1) The anticipated continuing need for and 
availability of military installations outside the United States, taking into account current re-strictions on the use of military installations outside the United States and the potential for future prohibitions or restrictions on the use of such military installations. 
(2) Any efficiencies that may be gained from 
joint tenancy by more than one branch of the Armed Forces at a military installation or the reorganization or association of two or more military installations as a single military instal-lation. 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL EVALUATION .— 
(1) E VALUATION REQUIRED .—The Comptroller 
General of the United States shall prepare an evaluation of the force-structure plans and in-frastructure inventory prepared under sub-section (a), including an evaluation of the accu-racy and analytical sufficiency of the plans and inventory. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—The Comptroller General 
shall submit the evaluation to Congress not later than 60 days after the date on which the force- structure plans and infrastructure inventory are submitted to Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3087 May 14, 2015 
Subtitle C—Provisions Related to Asia-Pacific 
Military Realignment 
SEC. 2821. RESTRICTION ON DEVELOPMENT OF 
PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN CON-NECTION WITH REALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIA-PA-CIFIC REGION. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .—If the Secretary of Defense 
determines that any grant, cooperative agree-
ment, transfer of funds to another Federal agen-cy, or supplement of funds available under Fed-eral programs administered by agencies other than the Department of Defense will result in the development (including repair, replacement, renovation, conversion, improvement, expan-sion, acquisition, or construction) of public in-frastructure on Guam, the Secretary of Defense may not carry out such grant, transfer, coopera-tive agreement, or supplemental funding unless such grant, transfer, cooperative agreement, or supplemental funding will be used— 
(1) to carry out a public infrastructure 
project— 
(A) that was included in the report prepared 
by the Secretary of Defense under section 2822(d)(2) of the Military Construction Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1017); and 
(B) for which amounts have been appro-
priated or made available to be expended by the Department of Defense before the date of the en-actment of this Act; or 
(2) to perform planning and design work in 
connection with a public infrastructure project described in paragraph (1). 
(b) P
UBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘public infrastructure’’ means any utility, method of transportation, item of equipment, or facility under the control of a public entity or State or local government that is used by, or constructed for the benefit of, the general public. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED LAW.—Subsection 
(b) of section 2821 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3701) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 2822. ANNUAL REPORT ON GOVERNMENT OF 
JAPAN CONTRIBUTIONS TOWARD RE-ALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than the 
date of the submission of the budget of the President for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that specifies each of the following: 
(1) The total amount contributed by the Gov-
ernment of Japan during the most recently con-cluded Japanese fiscal year under section 2350k of title 10, United States Code, for deposit in the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account. 
(2) The anticipated contributions to be made 
by the Government of Japan under such section during the current and next Japanese fiscal years. 
(3) The projects carried out on Guam or the 
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands during the previous fiscal year using amounts in the Support for United States Relo-cation to Guam Account. 
(4) The anticipated projects that will be car-
ried out on Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands during the fiscal year covered by the budget submission using amounts in such Account. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENT .—Subsection (e) of section 2824 of 
the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (division B of Public Law 110– 417; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is repealed. 
Subtitle D—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2831. LAND EXCHANGE AUTHORITY, MARE 
ISLAND ARMY RESERVE CENTER, VALLEJO, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) E XCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to sub-
section (b), the Secretary of the Army may carry out a real property exchange with Touro Uni-
versity California (in this section referred to as the ‘‘University’’), under which the Secretary will convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty, including any improvements thereon, con-sisting of approximately 3.42 acres of the former Mare Island Naval Shipyard on Azuar Drive in the City of Vallejo, California, and administered by the Secretary as part of the 63rd Regional Support Command, for the purpose of permitting the University to use the parcel for educational and administrative purposes. 
(b) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY CONDITIONAL .— 
The conveyance authority provided by sub-section (a) shall take effect only if the real prop-erty exchange process initiated by the Secretary of the Army in a notice of availability (DACW05-8-15-512) issued on January 28, 2015, and involving the real property described in subsection (a) is terminated unsuccessfully. 
(c) C
ONVEYANCE PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall carry out the real property exchange au-thorized by subsection (a) using the authority available to the Secretary under section 18240 of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) F
ACILITIES TO BEACQUIRED .—In exchange 
for the conveyance of the real property under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall acquire, consistent with subsections (c) and (d) of section 18240 of title 10, United States Code, a facility, or addition to an existing facility, needed to rectify the parking shortage for the Mare Island Army Reserve Center. 
(e) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Army shall require the University to cover costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the con-veyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation re-lated to the conveyance, and any other adminis-trative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the University in ad-vance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the University. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the con-veyance or, if the period of availability for obli-gations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations or fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(f) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) and acquired under subsection (d) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 
SEC. 2832. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVY OUTLYING 
LANDING FIELD, NAVAL AIR STA-TION, WHITING FIELD, FLORIDA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of the Navy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to Escambia Coun-ty, Florida (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty, including any improvements thereon, con-taining Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County associated with Naval Air Sta-tion, Whiting Field, Milton, Florida. 
(b) L
AND TO BEACQUIRED .—In exchange for 
the property described in subsection (a), the County shall convey to the Secretary of the Navy land and improvements thereon in Santa Rosa County, Florida, that is acceptable to the Secretary and suitable for use as a Navy out-
lying landing field to replace Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8. 
(c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall require the County to fund costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for en-vironmental documentation, other administra-tive costs related to the land exchange, and all costs associated with relocation of activities and facilities from Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 to the replacement location. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Sec-retary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the land ex-change, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be deter-mined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange 
of real property under this section shall be ac-complished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy and the County, including such addi-tional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2833. RELEASE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, FORT BLISS MILITARY RESERVATION, TEXAS. 
(a) R ELEASE OF RETAINED INTERESTS .—With 
respect to a parcel of real property in El Paso, Texas, consisting of approximately 20 acres and conveyed by deed for National Guard and mili-tary purposes by the United States to the State of Texas pursuant to section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412), the Secretary of the Army may release the rights reserved by the United States under subsections (d) and (e)(2) of such section and the reversionary interest re-tained by the United States under subsection (e)(1) of such section. The release of such rights and retained interests with respect to any por-tion of that parcel shall not be construed to alter the rights or interests retained by the United States with respect to the remainder of the real property conveyed to the State under such section. 
(b) C
ONDITION OF RELEASE .—The release au-
thorized by subsection (a) of rights and retained interests shall be subject to the condition that— 
(1) the State of Texas sell the parcel of real 
property covered by the release for fair market value; and 
(2) all proceeds from the sale shall be used to 
fund improvements or repairs for National Guard and military purposes on the remainder of the property conveyed under section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412) and re-tained by the State. 
(c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE AND DESCRIPTION  
OFPROPERTY .—The Secretary of the Army may 
execute and file in the appropriate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument reflecting the release of rights and retained interests under subsection (a). The exact acreage and legal description of the prop-erty for which rights and retained interests are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3088 May 14, 2015 
released under subsection (a) shall be deter-
mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 
(d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Army may require the State of Texas to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reim-burse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release of retained interests under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs related to environmental documenta-tion, and other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts paid to the Sec-retary in advance exceed the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release of retained interests under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the re-lease of retained interests. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same pur-poses, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or ac-count. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The 
Secretary of the Army may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the release of retained interests under sub-section (a) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States, to include necessary munitions response actions by the State of Texas in accordance with subsection (e)(3) of section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412). 
Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals 
SEC. 2841. WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION OF 
PUBLIC LAND, NAVAL AIR WEAPONS STATION CHINA LAKE, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) W ITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL PUBLIC LAND.—Section 2971(b) of the 
Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113– 66; 127 Stat. 1044) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The public land’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
NITIAL WITHDRAWAL .—The public land’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A DDITIONAL WITHDRAWAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the public land (including inter-ests in land) referred to in subsection (a) also includes the approximately 21,060 acres of public land in San Bernardino County, California, identified as ‘Proposed Navy Land’ on the map entitled ‘Proposed Navy Withdrawal’, dated March 10, 2015, and filed in accordance with section 2912. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED LANDS .—The withdrawal area 
referred to in subparagraph (A) specifically ex-cludes section 36, township 29 south, range 43 east, San Bernardino meridian. 
‘‘(C) E
XISTING RIGHTS AND ACCESS .—The with-
drawal and reservation of public land pursuant to subparagraph (A) is subject to valid existing rights. The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that the owners of the excluded private land identified in subparagraph (B) continue to have reasonable access to such land.’’. 
(b) P
ERMANENT WITHDRAWAL OR TRANSFER OF  
ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION .—Section 2979 of 
the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113– 66; 127 Stat. 1044) is amended by striking ‘‘on March 31, 2039.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘only as follows: 
‘‘(1) If the Secretary of the Navy makes an 
election to terminate the withdrawal and res-ervation of the public land. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary of the Interior, upon re-
quest by the Secretary of the Navy, transfers ad-ministrative jurisdiction over the public land to the Secretary of the Navy. A transfer under this paragraph may consist of a portion of the land, in which case the termination of the withdrawal and reservation applies only with respect to the land so transferred.’’. 
SEC. 2842. BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT WITH-
DRAWN MILITARY LANDS EFFI-CIENCY AND SAVINGS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  
AUTHORIZATION FOR TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRA -
TIVE JURISDICTION .—Subsection (a) of section 
3015 of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 892) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) P
ERMANENT WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVA -
TION; EFFECT OF TRANSFER ON WITHDRAWAL .— 
The withdrawal and reservation of lands by sec-tion 3011 shall terminate only as follows: 
‘‘(1) Upon an election by the Secretary of the 
military department concerned to relinquish any or all of the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. 
‘‘(2) Upon a transfer by the Secretary of the 
Interior, under section 3016 and upon request by the Secretary of the military department con-cerned, of administrative jurisdiction over the land to the Secretary of the military department concerned. Such a transfer may consist of a por-tion of the land, in which case the termination of the withdrawal and reservation applies only with respect to the land so transferred.’’. 
(b) T
RANSFER PROCESS AND MANAGEMENT AND  
USE OF LANDS.—The Military Lands With-
drawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65) is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating sections 3022 and 3023 as 
sections 3027 and 3028, respectively; and 
(2) by striking sections 3016 through 3021 and 
inserting the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 3016. TRANSFER PROCESS. 
‘‘(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall, upon the request of the Secretary concerned, transfer to the Secretary concerned administrative jurisdiction over the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, or a portion of the land as the Secretary concerned may request. 
‘‘(b) V
ALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—The transfer of 
administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a) shall be subject to any valid existing rights. 
‘‘(c) T
IME FOR CONVEYANCE .—The transfer of 
administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a) shall occur pursuant to a schedule agreed upon by the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary concerned. 
‘‘(d) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— 
‘‘(1) P REPARATION AND PUBLICATION .—The 
Secretary of the Interior shall publish in the Federal Register a legal description of the public land to be transferred under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall file with the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives— 
‘‘(A) a copy of the legal description prepared 
under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the map referred to in subsection (a). ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION .— 
Copies of the legal description and map filed under paragraph (2) shall be available for pub-lic inspection in the appropriate offices of— 
‘‘(A) the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(B) the commanding officer of the installa-
tion; and 
‘‘(C) the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(4) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The legal description 
and map filed under paragraph (2) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary of the Interior may correct clerical and typographical errors in the legal description or map. 
‘‘(5) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF COSTS .—Any transfer 
entered into pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made without reimbursement, except that the 
Secretary concerned shall reimburse the Sec-retary of the Interior for any costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior to prepare the legal description and map under this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 3017. ADMINISTRATION OF TRANSFERRED 
LAND. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT AND USE OF TRANSFERRED  
LAND.—Upon the transfer of administrative ju-
risdiction of land under section 3016— 
‘‘(1) the land shall be treated as property (as 
defined in section 102(9) of title 40, United States Code) under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Secretary concerned; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary concerned shall administer 
the land for military purposes. 
‘‘(b) W
ITHDRAWAL OF MINERAL ESTATE .—Sub-
ject to valid existing rights, land for which the administrative jurisdiction is transferred under section 3016 is withdrawn from all forms of ap-propriation under the public land laws, includ-ing the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws, for as long as the land is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(c) I
NTEGRATED NATURAL RESOURCES MAN-
AGEMENT PLAN.—Not later than one year after 
the transfer of land under section 3016, the Sec-retary concerned, in cooperation with the Sec-retary of the Interior, shall prepare an inte-grated natural resources management plan pur-suant to the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a et seq.) for the transferred land. 
‘‘(d) R
ELATION TO GENERAL PROVISIONS .—Sec-
tions 3018 through 3026 do not apply to lands transferred under section 3016 or to the manage-ment of such land. 
‘‘(e) T
RANSFERS BETWEEN ARMED FORCES .— 
Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed as limiting the authority to transfer administrative jurisdiction over the land transferred under sec-tion 3016 to another armed force pursuant to section 2696 of title 10, United States Code, and the provisions of this section shall continue to apply to any such lands. 
‘‘SEC. 3018. GENERAL APPLICABILITY; DEFINI-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICABILITY .—Sections 3014 through 
3028 apply to the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 except— 
‘‘(1) to the B-16 Range referred to in section 
3011(a)(3)(A), for which only section 3019 ap-plies; 
‘‘(2) to the ‘Shoal Site’ referred to in section 
3011(a)(3)(B), for which sections 3014 through 3028 apply only to the surface estate; 
‘‘(3) to the ‘Pahute Mesa’ area referred to in 
section 3011(b)(2); and 
‘‘(4) to the Desert National Wildlife Refuge re-
ferred to in section 3011(b)(5)— 
‘‘(A) except for section 3024(b); and ‘‘(B) for which sections 3014 through 3028 
shall only apply to the authorities and respon-sibilities of the Secretary of the Air Force under section 3011(b)(5). 
‘‘(b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subtitle assigns management of real prop-erty under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned to the Secretary of the Inte-rior. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: 
‘‘(1) I NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a). 
‘‘(2) M
ANAGE ; MANAGEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I NCLUSIONS .—The terms ‘manage’ and 
‘management’ include the authority to exercise jurisdiction, custody, and control over the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—Such terms do not include 
authority for disposal of the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. 
‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Sec-
retary concerned’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3089 May 14, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 3019. ACCESS RESTRICTIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TO IMPOSE RESTRICTIONS .—If 
the Secretary concerned determines that mili-tary operations, public safety, or national secu-rity require the closure to the public of any road, trail, or other portion of land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, the Secretary may take such action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to implement and maintain the clo-sure. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—Any closure under sub-
section (a) shall be limited to the minimum area and duration that the Secretary concerned de-termines are required for the purposes of the clo-sure. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
before a closure is implemented under this sec-tion, the Secretary concerned shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
if a closure proposed under this section may af-fect access to or use of sacred sites or resources considered to be important by an Indian tribe, the Secretary concerned shall consult, at the earliest practicable date, with the affected In-dian tribe. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—No consultation shall be re-
quired under paragraph (1) or (2)— 
‘‘(A) if the closure is provided for in an inte-
grated natural resources management plan, an installation cultural resources management plan, or a land use management plan; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of an emergency, as deter-
mined by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(d) N
OTICE .—Immediately preceding and 
during any closure implemented under sub-section (a), the Secretary concerned shall post appropriate warning notices and take other ap-propriate actions to notify the public of the clo-sure. 
‘‘SEC. 3020. CHANGES IN USE. 
‘‘(a) O THER USESAUTHORIZED .—In addition 
to the purposes described in section 3011, the Secretary concerned may authorize the use of land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 for defense-related purposes. 
‘‘(b) N
OTICE TO SECRETARY OF THE INTE-
RIOR.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned 
shall promptly notify the Secretary of the Inte-rior if the land withdrawn and reserved by sec-tion 3011 is used for additional defense-related purposes. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A notification under 
paragraph (1) shall specify— 
‘‘(A) each additional use; ‘‘(B) the planned duration of each additional 
use; and 
‘‘(C) the extent to which each additional use 
would require that additional or more stringent conditions or restrictions be imposed on other-wise-permitted nondefense-related uses of the withdrawn and reserved land or portions of withdrawn and reserved land. 
‘‘SEC. 3021. BRUSH AND RANGE FIRE PREVENTION 
AND SUPPRESSION. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—Consistent with 
any applicable land management plan, the Sec-retary concerned shall take necessary pre-cautions to prevent, and actions to suppress, brush and range fires occurring as a result of military activities on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, including fires that occur on other land that spread from the with-drawn and reserved land. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATION OF SECRETARY OF THE IN-
TERIOR .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—At the request of the Sec-
retary concerned, the Secretary of the Interior shall provide assistance in the suppression of fires under subsection (a). The Secretary con-cerned shall reimburse the Secretary of the Inte-rior for the costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior in providing such assistance. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Notwithstanding 
section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary concerned may transfer to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in advance, funds to be used to reimburse the costs of the Department of the Interior in providing assistance under this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 3022. ONGOING DECONTAMINATION. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM OF DECONTAMINATION RE-
QUIRED .—During the period of a withdrawal 
and reservation of land by section 3011, the Sec-retary concerned shall maintain, to the extent funds are available to carry out this subsection, a program of decontamination of contamination caused by defense-related uses on the with-drawn land. The decontamination program shall be carried out consistent with applicable Federal and State law. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall include in the annual report required by section 2711 of title 10, United States Code, a description of decontamination activities con-ducted under subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 3023. WATER RIGHTS. 
‘‘(a) N ORESERVATION OF WATER RIGHTS .— 
Nothing in this subtitle— 
‘‘(1) establishes a reservation in favor of the 
United States with respect to any water or water right on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011; or 
‘‘(2) authorizes the appropriation of water on 
the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, except in accordance with applicable State law. 
‘‘(b) E
FFECT ON PREVIOUSLY ACQUIRED OR RE-
SERVED WATER RIGHTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section af-
fects any water rights acquired or reserved by the United States before October 5, 1999, on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY CONCERNED .— 
The Secretary concerned may exercise any water rights described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘SEC. 3024. HUNTING, FISHING, AND TRAPPING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2671 of title 10, 
United States Code, shall apply to all hunting, fishing, and trapping on the land— 
‘‘(1) that is withdrawn and reserved by sec-
tion 3011; and 
‘‘(2) for which management of the land has 
been assigned to the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(b) D
ESERT NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE .— 
Hunting, fishing, and trapping within the Desert National Wildlife Refuge shall be con-ducted in accordance with the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.), the Recreation Use of Wildlife Areas Act of 1969 (16 U.S.C. 460k et seq.), and other laws applicable to the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
‘‘SEC. 3025. RELINQUISHMENT. 
‘‘(a) N OTICE OF INTENTION TO RELINQUISH .— 
If, during the period of withdrawal and reserva-tion made by section 3011, the Secretary con-
cerned decides to relinquish any or all of the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the Sec-retary of the Interior notice of the intention to relinquish the land. 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTAMINATION .— 
The Secretary concerned shall include in the no-tice submitted under subsection (a) a written de-termination concerning whether and to what ex-tent the land that is to be relinquished is con-taminated with explosive materials or toxic or hazardous substances. 
‘‘(c) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Secretary of the In-
terior shall publish in the Federal Register the notice of intention to relinquish the land under this section, including the determination con-cerning the contaminated state of the land. 
‘‘(d) D
ECONTAMINATION OF LAND TO BERE-
LINQUISHED .— 
‘‘(1) D ECONTAMINATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall decontaminate land sub-ject to a notice of intention under subsection (a) to the extent that funds are appropriated for that purpose, if— 
‘‘(A) the land subject to the notice of inten-
tion is contaminated, as determined by the Sec-retary concerned; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of the Interior, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary concerned, determines that— 
‘‘(i) decontamination is practicable and eco-
nomically feasible, after taking into consider-ation the potential future use and value of the contaminated land; and 
‘‘(ii) on decontamination of the land, the land 
could be opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws. 
‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVES TO RELINQUISHMENT .—The 
Secretary of the Interior shall not be required to accept the land proposed for relinquishment under subsection (a), if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Interior, after con-
sultation with the Secretary concerned, deter-mines that— 
‘‘(i) decontamination of the land is not prac-
ticable or economically feasible; or 
‘‘(ii) the land cannot be decontaminated suffi-
ciently to be opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws; or 
‘‘(B) sufficient funds are not appropriated for 
the decontamination of the land. 
‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF CONTAMINATED LAND PRO -
POSED TO BE RELINQUISHED .—If, because of the 
contaminated state of the land, the Secretary of the Interior declines to accept land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 that has been pro-
posed for relinquishment— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary concerned shall take ap-
propriate steps to warn the public of— 
‘‘(i) the contaminated state of the land; and ‘‘(ii) any risks associated with entry onto the 
land; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary concerned shall submit to 
the Secretary of the Interior and Congress a re-port describing— 
‘‘(i) the status of the land; and ‘‘(ii) any actions taken under this paragraph. ‘‘(e) R
EVOCATION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of the Inte-
rior determines that it is in the public interest to accept the land proposed for relinquishment under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Inte-rior may order the revocation of a withdrawal and reservation made by section 3011. 
‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION ORDER .—To carry out a rev-
ocation under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall publish in the Federal Register a revocation order that— 
‘‘(A) terminates the withdrawal and reserva-
tion; 
‘‘(B) constitutes official acceptance of the 
land by the Secretary of the Interior; and 
‘‘(C) specifies the date on which the land will 
be opened to the operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leas-ing laws. 
‘‘(f) A
CCEPTANCE BY SECRETARY OF THE INTE-
RIOR.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section re-
quires the Secretary of the Interior to accept the land proposed for relinquishment if the Sec-retary determines that the land is not suitable for return to the public domain. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—If the Secretary makes a deter-
mination that the land is not suitable for return to the public domain, the Secretary shall pro-vide notice of the determination to Congress. 
‘‘SEC. 3026. EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF MILI-
TARY USE. 
‘‘(a) N OTICE AND EFFECT .—Upon a determina-
tion by the Secretary concerned that there is no longer a military need for all or portions of the land for which administrative jurisdiction was transferred under section 3016, the Secretary concerned shall notify the Secretary of the Inte-rior of such determination. Subject to sub-sections (b), (c), and (d), the Secretary con-cerned shall transfer administrative jurisdiction over the land subject to such a notice back to the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTAMINATION .—Before transmitting a 
notice under subsection (a), the Secretary con-cerned shall prepare a written determination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3090 May 14, 2015 
concerning whether and to what extent the land 
to be transferred is contaminated with explosive materials or toxic or hazardous substances. A copy of the determination shall be transmitted with the notice. Copies of the notice and the de-termination shall be published in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(c) D
ECONTAMINATION .—The Secretary con-
cerned shall decontaminate any contaminated land that is the subject of a notice under sub-section (a) if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary of the Interior, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary concerned, determines that— 
‘‘(A) decontamination is practicable and eco-
nomically feasible (taking into consideration the potential future use and value of the land); and 
‘‘(B) upon decontamination, the land could be 
opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws; and 
‘‘(2) funds are appropriated for such decon-
tamination. 
‘‘(d) N
OREQUIRED ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior is not required to accept land proposed for transfer under subsection (a) if the Secretary of the Interior is unable to make the determinations under subsection (c)(1) or if Congress does not appropriate a sufficient amount of funds for the decontamination of the land. 
‘‘(e) A
LTERNATIVE DISPOSAL .—If the Secretary 
of the Interior declines to accept land proposed for transfer under subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall dispose of the land in accord-ance with property disposal procedures estab-lished by law.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3014 
of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 890) is amended by striking subsections (b), (d), and (f). 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 885) is amended by striking the items relating to sections 3016 through 3023 and inserting the following new items: 
‘‘Sec. 3016. Transfer process. ‘‘Sec. 3017. Administration of transferred 
land. 
‘‘Sec. 3018. General applicability; definitions. ‘‘Sec. 3019. Access restrictions. ‘‘Sec. 3020. Changes in use. ‘‘Sec. 3021. Brush and range fire prevention 
and suppression. 
‘‘Sec. 3022. Ongoing decontamination. ‘‘Sec. 3023. Water rights. ‘‘Sec. 3024. Hunting, fishing, and trapping. ‘‘Sec. 3025. Relinquishment. ‘‘Sec. 3026. Effect of termination of military 
use. 
‘‘Sec. 3027. Use of mineral materials. ‘‘Sec. 3028. Immunity of United States.’’. 
Subtitle F—Military Memorials, Monuments, 
and Museums 
SEC. 2851. RENAMING SITE OF THE DAYTON AVIA-
TION HERITAGE NATIONAL HISTOR-ICAL PARK, OHIO. 
Section 101(b)(5) of the Dayton Aviation Her-
itage Preservation Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 410ww(b)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘Aviation Center’’ and inserting ‘‘National Museum’’. 
SEC. 2852. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR ES-
TABLISHMENT OF COMMEMORATIVE WORK IN HONOR OF BRIGADIER GENERAL FRANCIS MARION. 
Notwithstanding section 8903(e) of title 40, 
United States Code, the authority provided by section 331 of the Consolidated Natural Re-sources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229; 122 Stat. 781; 40 U.S.C. 8903 note) shall continue to apply through May 8, 2018. 
SEC. 2853. AMENDMENTS TO THE NATIONAL HIS-
TORIC PRESERVATION ACT. 
(a) C RITERIA AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO  
NATIONAL REGISTER , NATIONAL HISTORIC LAND-MARKS , AND WORLD HERITAGE LIST.—Section 
302103 of title 54, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) notifying the Committee on Natural Re-
sources of the United States House of Represent-atives and the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate if the property is owned by the Federal Government when the property is being considered for inclusion on the National Register, for designation as a National Historic Landmark, or for nomination to the World Heritage List.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 302107 of title 54, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to allow for expedited removal of Federal 
property listed on the National Register of His-toric Places if the managing agency of that Fed-eral property submits to the Secretary a written request to remove the Federal property from the National Register of Historic Places for reasons of national security, such as any impact the in-clusion or designation would have on use of the property for military training or readiness pur-poses.’’. 
(c) O
BJECTION TO INCLUSION OR DESIGNATION  
FORREASONS OF NATIONAL SECURITY .—Chapter 
3021 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 302109. Objection to inclusion or designa-
tion for reasons of national security 
‘‘If the head of the agency managing any 
Federal property objects to such inclusion or designation for reasons of national security, such as any impact the inclusion or designation would have on use of the property for military training or readiness purposes, that Federal property shall be neither included on the Na-tional Register nor designated as a National Historic Landmark until the objection is with-drawn’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 3021 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘302109. Objection to inclusion or designation 
for reasons of national security.’’. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 2861. MODIFICATION OF DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE GUIDANCE ON USE OF AIR-FIELD PAVEMENT MARKINGS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall require such 
modifications of Unified Facilities Guide Speci-fications for pavement markings (UFGS 32 17 23.00 20 Pavement Markings, UFGS 32 17 24.00 10 Pavement Markings), Air Force Engineering Technical Letter ETL 97-18 (Guide Specification for Airfield and Roadway Marking), and any other Department of Defense guidance on air-field pavement markings as may be necessary to permit the use of Type III category of retro-re-flective beads to reflectorize airfield markings. The Secretary shall develop appropriate policy to ensure that the determination of the category of retro-reflective beads used on an airfield is determined on an installation-by-installation basis, taking into consideration local conditions and the life-cycle maintenance costs of the pavement markings. 
SEC. 2862. PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF 
GREATER SAGE GROUSE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘Federal resource management 
plan’’ means— 
(A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of 
Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or 
(B) a land and resource management plan 
prepared by the Forest Service for National For-est System lands pursuant to section 6 of the 
Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). 
(2) The term ‘‘Greater Sage Grouse’’ means a 
sage grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. 
(3) The term ‘‘State management plan’’ means 
a State-approved plan for the protection and re-covery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is— 
(1) to facilitate implementation of State man-
agement plans over a period of multiple, con-secutive sage grouse life cycles; and 
(2) to demonstrate the efficacy of the State 
management plans for the protection and recov-ery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
(c) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 F IND-
INGS.— 
(1) D ELAY REQUIRED .—Any finding by the Sec-
retary of the Interior under clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)) with re-spect to the Greater Sage Grouse made during the period beginning on September 30, 2015, and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act shall have no force or effect in law or in equity, and the Secretary of the Interior may not make any such finding during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2025. 
(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—The delay im-
posed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, ef-fective without regard to any other statute, reg-ulation, court order, legal settlement, or any other provision of law or in equity. 
(3) E
FFECT ON CONSERVATION STATUS .—Until 
the date specified in paragraph (1), the con-servation status of the Greater Sage Grouse shall remain warranted for listing under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), but precluded by higher-priority listing actions pursuant to clause (iii) of section 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)). 
(d) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL LAND MAN-
AGEMENT AND STATE CONSERVATION AND MAN-
AGEMENT PLANS.— 
(1) P ROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF FEDERAL  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS .—In order to fos-
ter coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon noti-fication by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may not amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource man-agement plan applicable to Federal lands in the State in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be specified by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—In the case of any 
State that provides notification under para-graph (1), if any amendment or modification of a Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in the State was issued during the one-year period preceding the date of the notification and the amendment or modification altered management of the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat, implementation and operation of the amendment or modification shall be stayed to the extent that the amendment or modifica-tion is inconsistent with the State management plan. The Federal resource management plan, as in effect immediately before the amendment or modification, shall apply instead with respect to management of the Greater Sage Grouse and its habitat, to the extent consistent with the State management plan. 
(3) D
ETERMINATION OF INCONSISTENCY .—Any 
disagreement regarding whether an amendment or other modification of a Federal resource man-agement plan is inconsistent with a State man-agement plan shall be resolved by the Governor of the affected State. 
(e) R
ELATION TO NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
POLICY ACT OF 1969.—With regard to any Fed-
eral action consistent with a State management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3091 May 14, 2015 
plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions re-
garding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) shall not have a pre-clusive effect on the approval or implementation of the Federal action in that State. 
(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of 
Agriculture shall jointly submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the 
Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the Secretaries’ implementation and effectiveness of systems to monitor the status of Greater Sage Grouse on Federal lands under their jurisdic-tion. 
(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of statute or regulation, this sec-tion, including determinations made under sub-section (d)(3), shall not be subject to judicial re-
view. 
TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY 
OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of the Army may acquire real 
property and carry out the military construction project for the installation outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Cuba ............................................................. Guantanamo Bay ................................................ .................................................. $76,000,000 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real 
property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United 
States, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Bahrain ........................................................ Bahrain Island .................................................. .................................................... $37,700,000 
Bahrain Island ...................................................................................................... $52,091,000  
Italy ............................................................. Sigonella .................................................... ........................................................... $62,302,000 
Sigonella ............................................................................................................... $40,641 ,000 
Poland .......................................................... Redzikowo ...................................................... ...................................................... $51,270,000 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-
TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may acquire 
real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations outside 
the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Niger ............................................................. Agadez ....................................................... ........................................................... $50,000,000 
Oman ............................................................ Al Mussanah .................................................... ..................................................... $25,000,000 
SEC. 2904. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may acquire real 
property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United 
States, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Defense Agency: Outside the United States 
Installation Defense Agency Amount 
Djibouti ........................................................ Camp Lemonnier ................................................. .................................................. $43,700,000 
Poland .......................................................... Redzikowo ...................................................... ...................................................... $169,153,000 
SEC. 2905. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for the military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4602. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-
ISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for the activities of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT 
PROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant 
projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration as follows: 
Project 16–D–621, Substation Replacement at 
TA–3, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Al-amos, New Mexico, $25,000,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for defense environmental cleanup ac-tivities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS OF 
NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION. 
(a) F ULL-TIME EQUIVALENT PERSONNEL LEV-
ELS.—Subsection (a) of section 3241A of the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘1,690’’ and inserting ‘‘1,350’’; 
and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘1,690’’ and inserting ‘‘1,350’’. 
(b) C
OUNTING RULE FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS .— 
Subsection (b)(3) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(E) Employees appointed under section 
3241.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3092 May 14, 2015 
(c) C ERTAIN CONTRACTING AND TECHNICAL PO-
SITIONS .—Section 3241 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 
2441) is amended by striking ‘‘600’’ and inserting ‘‘450’’. 
(d) B
UDGET INFORMATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Such section 3241A is further 
amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) B UDGET DISPLAY .—In the budget jus-
tification materials submitted to Congress in support of each budget submitted by the Presi-dent to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator shall in-clude information regarding the number of em-ployees of the Office of the Administrator, in-cluding the number of employees who are de-scribed in each of subparagraphs (A) through (E) of subsection (b)(3).’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
3251(b)(2) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3251(b)(2)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘ testing, and’’ and inserting 
‘‘testing,’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, and the information regarding employees of the Administration required by sec-tion 3241A(e)’’. 
SEC. 3112. FULL-TIME EQUIVALENT CONTRACTOR 
PERSONNEL LEVELS. 
Section 3241A of the National Nuclear Secu-
rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a), as amended by section 3111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-sections: 
‘‘(g) F
ULL-TIME EQUIVALENT CONTRACTOR  
PERSONNEL LEVELS .— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL NUMBER .—The total number of 
full-time equivalent contractor employees work-ing under a service support contract of the Ad-ministration may not exceed the number that is 30 percent of the number of employees of the Of-fice of the Administrator authorized under sub-section (a)(1). 
‘‘(2) E
XCESS .—The Administrator may not ex-
ceed the total number of full-time equivalent contractor employees authorized under para-graph (1) unless, during each fiscal year in which such total number of contractor employ-ees exceeds such authorized number, the Admin-istrator submits to the congressional defense committees a report justifying such excess. 
‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Together with each 
budget submitted by the President to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report con-taining the following information as of the date of the report: 
‘‘(1) The number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees of the Office of the Administrator, as counted under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) The number of service support contracts 
of the Administration. 
‘‘(3) The number of full-time equivalent con-
tractor employees working under each contract identified under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) The number of full-time equivalent con-
tractor employees described in paragraph (2) that have been employed under such a contract for a period greater than two years.’’. 
SEC. 3113. IMPROVEMENT TO ACCOUNTABILITY 
OF DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY EM-PLOYEES AND PROJECTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National 
Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3245. NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE PRAC-
TICES AFFECTING NATIONAL SECU-RITY. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL NOTIFICATION .—At or about the 
time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary and the Adminis-trator shall jointly notify the appropriate con-
gressional committees of— 
‘‘(1) the number of covered employees whose 
security clearance was revoked during the year prior to the year in which the notification is made; and 
‘‘(2) for each employee counted under para-
graph (1), the length of time such employee has been employed at the Department or the Admin-istration, respectively, since such revocation. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEES .—Whenever the Secretary or the Ad-
ministrator terminates the employment of a cov-ered employee or removes and reassigns a cov-ered employee for cause, the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such termination or reassignment by not later than 30 days after the date of such termination or reassignment. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered employee’ means— ‘‘(A) an employee of the Administration; or ‘‘(B) an employee of an element of the Depart-
ment of Energy (other than the Administration) involved in nuclear security.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents at the beginning of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3244 the following new items: 
‘‘Sec. 3245. Notification of employee practices 
affecting national security.’’. 
(3) O
NE-TIME CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate written certification that the Secretary and the Administrator possess the authorities needed to terminate the employment of an employee for cause relating to improper program management (as defined in section 3246(c) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act, as added by subsection (b)(1)). 
(b) L
IMITATION ON BONUSES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Such subtitle, as amended by 
subsection (a)(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3246. LIMITATION ON BONUSES. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary or the Ad-
ministrator may not pay to a covered employee a bonus during the one-year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary or the Ad-ministrator determines that the covered em-ployee committed improper program manage-ment. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary or the Adminis-
trator may waive the limitation in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary or the Administrator noti-
fies the appropriate congressional committees of such waiver; and 
‘‘(2) a period of 60 days elapses following such 
notification. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘bonus’ means a bonus or award 
paid under title 5, United States Code, including under chapters 45 or 53 of such title, or any other provision of law. ‘‘(3) The term ‘covered employee’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 3245. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘covered project’ means— ‘‘(A) a construction project of the Administra-
tion that is not covered under section 4703(d) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2743(d)); 
‘‘(D) a life extension program; ‘‘(E) a defense nuclear nonproliferation 
project or program; or 
‘‘(F) an activity of the Office of the Adminis-
trator. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘improper program management’ 
means actions relating to the management of a covered project that significantly— 
‘‘(A) delays the project; ‘‘(B) reduce the scope of the project; ‘‘(C) increase the cost of the project; or ‘‘(D) undermines health, safety, or security.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents at the beginning of such Act, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3245 the following new items: 
‘‘Sec. 3246. Limitation on bonuses.’’. (c) I
MPROVEMENT TO PROGRAM MANAGE -
MENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLVII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2741 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4715. COMPLETION OF PROJECTS ON TIME, 
ON BUDGET, WITHIN PLANNED SCOPE, AND WHILE PROTECTING HEALTH, SAFETY, AND SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Administrator should use all contractual remedies available to the Adminis-trator, including through the withholding of all award fees, in cases in which the Administrator determines that a contractor of a covered project is responsible for significantly— 
‘‘(1) delaying the project; ‘‘(2) reducing the scope of the project; ‘‘(3) increasing the cost of the project; or ‘‘(4) undermines health, safety, or security. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATIONS .—In addition to 
the requirements under section 4713, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator shall cer-tify to the appropriate congressional committees that each covered project is being carried out on time, on budget, within the planned scope of the project, and while protecting health, safety, and security. 
‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATIONS OF DEFICIENCIES .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date on which the Administrator makes each certification under subsection (b), the Administrator shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of the following: 
‘‘(1) Any covered project for which the Admin-
istrator could not make such a certification. 
‘‘(2) Except as provided by paragraph (3), 
with respect to a covered project for which the Administrator could not make such a certifi-cation by reason of the actions of a contractor that the Administrator determines significantly delayed the project, reduced the scope of the project, increased the cost of the project, or un-dermined health, safety, or security— 
‘‘(A) an explanation as to whether termi-
nation of contract for the project is an appro-priate remedy; 
‘‘(B) a description of the terms of the contract 
regarding award fees and performance; and 
‘‘(C) a description of how the Administrator 
plans to exercise contractual options. 
‘‘(3) In the case of a covered project described 
in paragraph (2) for which the Administrator is not able to submit the information described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of such para-graph by reason of a contract enforcement ac-tion, a notification of such contract enforcement action and the date on which the Administrator plans to submit the information described in such subparagraphs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3093 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(d) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered project’ means— ‘‘(A) a construction project of the Administra-
tion that is not covered under section 4703(d); 
‘‘(B) a life extension program; ‘‘(C) a defense nuclear nonproliferation 
project or program; or 
‘‘(D) an activity of the Office of the Adminis-
trator.’’. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4714 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4715. Completion of projects on time, on 
budget, within planned scope, and while protecting health, safety, and security.’’. 
SEC. 3114. COST-BENEFIT ANALYSES FOR COM-
PETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OP-ERATING CONTRACTS. 
(a) E LEMENTS OF REPORTS .—Subsection (b) of 
section 3121 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2175), as amended by section 3124 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1062), is further amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (7); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) the factors considered and processes used 
by the Administrator to determine— 
‘‘(A) whether to compete or extend the con-
tract; and 
‘‘(B) which activities at the facility should be 
covered under the contract rather than under a different contract; 
‘‘(6) with respect to the matters included 
under paragraphs (1) through (5), a detailed de-scription of the analyses conducted by the Ad-ministrator to reach the conclusions presented in the report, including any assumptions, limi-tations, and uncertainties relating to such con-clusions; and’’. 
(b) F
ISCAL YEARS COVERED .—Subsection (d) of 
such section 3121 is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
3121 is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘or (d)(2)’’; 
and 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); and 
(C) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (d)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a)’’. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) in the past decade, competition of the man-
agement and operating contracts for the na-tional security laboratories has resulted in sig-nificant increases in fees paid to the contrac-tors—funding that otherwise could be used to support program and mission activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration; 
(2) competition of the management and oper-
ating contracts of the nuclear security enter-prise is an important mechanism to help realize cost savings, seek efficiencies, improve perform-ance, and hold contractors accountable; 
(3) when the Administrator for Nuclear Secu-
rity considers it appropriate to achieve these goals, the Administrator should conduct com-petition of these contracts while recognizing the unique nature of federally funded research and development centers; and (4) the Administrator should ensure that fixed 
fees and performance-based fees contained in management and operating contracts are as low as possible to maintain a focus on national serv-ice while attracting high-quality contractors and achieving the goals of the competition. 
SEC. 3115. NUCLEAR WEAPON DESIGN RESPON-
SIVENESS PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) a modern and responsive nuclear weapons 
infrastructure is only one component of a nu-
clear posture that is agile, flexible, and respon-sive to change; and 
(2) to ensure the nuclear deterrent of the 
United States remains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and responsive, the United States must continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4220. NUCLEAR WEAPON DESIGN RESPON-
SIVENESS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States to sustain, enhance, and continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons to ensure the nuclear deterrent of the United States remains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and responsive. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Energy, acting through the Administrator and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out a program, along with the stock-pile stewardship program under section 4201 and the stockpile management program under sec-tion 4204, to sustain, enhance, and continually exercise all capabilities required to concep-tualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
‘‘(c) O
BJECTIVES .—The program under sub-
section (b) shall have the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) Correct deficiencies in, identify, sustain, 
enhance, and continually exercise all capabili-ties required to carry out all phases of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process, with respect to both the nuclear security enterprise and rel-evant elements of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(2) Identify, enhance, and transfer knowl-
edge, skills, and direct experience with respect to all phases of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process from one generation of nuclear weapon designers and engineers to the following generation. 
‘‘(3) Identify, sustain, and enhance the capa-
bilities, infrastructure, tools, and technologies required for all phases of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process. 
‘‘(4) Periodically demonstrate nuclear weapon 
design responsiveness throughout the range of capabilities required, including prototypes, flight testing, and development of plans for cer-tification without the need for nuclear explosive testing. 
‘‘(5) Continually exercise processes for the in-
tegration and coordination of all relevant ele-ments and processes of the Administration and the Department of Defense required to ensure nuclear weapon design responsiveness. 
‘‘(d) J
OINT NUCLEAR WEAPONS LIFECYCLE 
PROCESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘joint nuclear weapons life cycle process’ means the process developed and maintained by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of En-ergy for the development, production, mainte-nance, and retirement of nuclear weapons.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4219 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4220. Nuclear weapon design respon-
siveness program.’’. 
(c) I
NCLUSION IN STOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP , 
MANAGEMENT , AND INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN.— Section 4203 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 2523) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘design re-
sponsiveness,’’ after ‘‘stockpile management,’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as 
paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraphs (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) A summary of the status, plans, and 
budgets for carrying out the nuclear weapons design responsiveness program under section 4220.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘stewardship and management’’ and inserting ‘‘stewardship, stockpile management, and design responsiveness’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(C) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting a semicolon; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(M) the status, plans, activities, budgets, 
and schedules for carrying out the nuclear weapons design responsiveness program under section 4220; and 
‘‘(N) for each of the five fiscal years following 
the fiscal year in which the report is submitted, an identification of the funds needed to carry out the program required under section 4220.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking the period and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) whether the plan supports the nuclear 
weapons design responsiveness program under section 4220 in a manner that meets the objec-tives of such program and an identification of any improvements that may be made to the plan to better carry out such program.’’. 
(d) R
EPORT BY STRATCOM.—Section 
4205(e)(4) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 2525(e)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) the views of the Commander on the nu-
clear weapons design responsiveness program under section 4220, the activities conducted under such program, and any suggestions to im-prove such program.’’. 
SEC. 3116. DISPOSITION OF WEAPONS-USABLE 
PLUTONIUM. 
(a) M IXED OXIDE FUELFABRICATION FACIL-
ITY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Using funds described in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary of Energy shall carry out construction and project support ac-tivities relating to the MOX facility. 
(2) F
UNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in 
this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration for the MOX facility for construc-tion and project support activities. 
(B) Funds authorized to be appropriated for a 
fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2016 for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project sup-port activities that are unobligated as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) U
PDATED PERFORMANCE BASELINE .—The 
Secretary shall include in the budget justifica-tion materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Energy budget (as sub-mitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal year 2017 an updated performance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3094 May 14, 2015 
baseline for construction and project support ac-
tivities relating to the MOX facility conducted in accordance with Department of Energy Order 413.3B. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ means the 
mixed-oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Sa-vannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina. 
(2) The term ‘‘project support activities’’ 
means activities that support the design, long- lead equipment procurement, and site prepara-tion of the MOX facility. 
SEC. 3117. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR FIXED SITE RADIO-LOGICAL PORTAL MONITORS IN FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 or any fiscal year thereafter for the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration may be obligated or ex-pended for the research and development, in-stallation, or sustainment of fixed site radio-logical portal monitors or equipment for use in foreign countries. 
(b) M
OBILE RADIOLOGICAL INSPECTION EQUIP-
MENT .—The prohibition in subsection (a) may 
not be construed to apply to mobile radiological inspection equipment. 
SEC. 3118. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR PROVISION OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION AS-SISTANCE TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities may be obli-gated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Energy, with-
out delegation, may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary— 
(1) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees a report containing— 
(A) notification that such a waiver is in the 
national security interest of the United States; and 
(B) justification for such a waiver; and (2) a period of 15 days elapses following the 
date on which the Secretary submits such re-port. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 3119. LIMITATION ON AUTHORIZATION OF 
PRODUCTION OF SPECIAL NUCLEAR MATERIAL OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES BY FOREIGN COUNTRY WITH NUCLEAR NAVAL PROPULSION PRO-GRAM. 
Section 57 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 
U.S.C. 2077), as amended by section 3118, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘f.(1) The Secretary may not make an author-
ization under subsection b.(2) with respect to a foreign country with a nuclear naval propulsion program unless— 
‘‘(A) the Director of National Intelligence and 
the Chief of Naval Operations jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an as-sessment of the risks of diversion, and the likely consequences of such diversion, of the tech-nology and material covered by such authoriza-tion; 
‘‘(B) following the date on which such assess-
ment is submitted, the Administrator for Nuclear Security certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that— 
‘‘(i) there is sufficient diversion control as 
part of such transfer; and 
‘‘(ii) such transfer presents a minimal risk of 
diversion of such technology to a military pro-gram that would degrade the technical advan-
tage of the United States; and 
‘‘(C) a period of 90 days has elapsed following 
the date of such certification. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate 
congressional committees’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) The congressional defense committees (as 
defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code). 
‘‘(B) The Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(C) The Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 3120. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF CER-TAIN NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation for nonproliferation or arms control verification or monitoring technologies may be obligated or expended to develop such technologies beyond technology readiness level 5 unless, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy submits to the appropriate congressional committees the following: 
(1) Written certification that such tech-
nologies are being developed to fulfill the rights or obligations of the United States under— 
(A) a current arms control or nonproliferation 
treaty or agreement requiring verification or monitoring that has entered into force with re-spect to the United States; or 
(B) an arms control or nonproliferation treaty 
or agreement that— 
(i) will require verification or monitoring; and (iii) the Secretary expects will enter into force 
with respect to the United States during the two-year period beginning on the date of the certification. 
(2) With respect to each technology developed 
beyond technology readiness level 5 pursuant to this subsection— 
(A) an identification of the amount of such 
funds made available for fiscal year 2016 for de-fense nuclear nonproliferation that will be used for such development; and 
(B) how such development helps to fulfill the 
rights or obligations of the United States as de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) or (B) of para-graph (1). 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
limitation in subsection (a) if— 
(1) the Secretary— (A) determines that the waiver is necessary in 
the national security interests of the United States; and 
(B) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees a written certification of such deter-mination; and 
(2) a period of 15 days elapses following the 
date on which the Secretary submits such cer-tification. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘technology readiness level 5’’ 
has the meaning given that term in the Depart-ment of Energy Guide 413.3-4A titled ‘‘Tech-nology Readiness Assessment Guide’’ and ap-proved on September 15, 2011. 
SEC. 3121. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR UNILATERAL DISAR-MAMENT. 
(a) L IMITATION ON MAXIMUM AMOUNT FOR  
DISMANTLEMENT .—Of the funds authorized to be 
appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration, not more than $50,000,000 may be obli-
gated or expended in each such fiscal year to carry out the nuclear weapons dismantlement and disposition activities of the Administration. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON UNILATERAL DISAR-
MAMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided by para-
graph (2) and subsection (d), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration may be obligated or ex-pended to dismantle a nuclear weapon of the United States. 
(2) A
UTHORIZED DISMANTLEMENT .—The limita-
tion in paragraph (1) shall not apply with re-spect to a nuclear weapon of the United States that meets at least one of the following criteria: 
(A) The nuclear weapon was retired on or be-
fore September 30, 2008. 
(B) The Administrator for Nuclear Security 
certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that the components of the nuclear weapon are directly required for the purposes of a current life extension program. 
(C) The President certifies in writing to the 
congressional defense committees that the nu-clear weapon is being dismantled pursuant to a nuclear arms reduction treaty or similar inter-national agreement that— 
(i) has entered into force after the date of the 
enactment of this Act; and 
(ii) was approved— (I) with the advice and consent of the Senate 
pursuant to Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution after the date of the enactment of this Act; or 
(II) by an Act of Congress, as described in sec-
tion 303(b) of the Arms Control and Disar-mament Act (22 U.S.C. 2573(b)). 
(c) L
IMITATION ON UNILATERAL DISARMAMENT  
OFCERTAIN CRUISE MISSILE WARHEADS .—Except 
as provided by subsection (d), and notwith-standing subsection (b)(2), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration may be obligated or ex-pended to dismantle or dispose a W84 nuclear weapon. 
(d) E
XCEPTION .—The limitations in subsection 
(b) and (c) shall not apply to activities nec-essary to conduct maintenance or surveillance of the nuclear weapons stockpile or activities to ensure the safety or reliability of the nuclear weapons stockpile. 
SEC. 3122. USE OF BEST PRACTICES FOR CAPITAL 
ASSET PROJECTS AND NUCLEAR WEAPON LIFE EXTENSION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) A NALYSES OF ALTERNATIVES .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in coordina-tion with the Administrator for Nuclear Secu-rity, shall ensure that analyses of alternatives are conducted (including through contractors, as appropriate) in accordance with best prac-tices for capital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration and capital asset projects relating to defense environmental management. 
(b) C
OSTESTIMATES .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall develop cost estimates in accord-ance with cost estimating best practices for cap-ital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration and capital asset projects relating to defense en-vironmental management. 
(c) R
EVISIONS TO DEPARTMENTAL PROJECT  
MANAGEMENT ORDER AND NUCLEAR WEAPON  
LIFEEXTENSION REQUIREMENTS .—As soon as 
practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but not later than two years after such date of enactment, the Secretary shall revise— 
(1) the capital asset project management order 
of the Department of Energy to require the use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3095 May 14, 2015 
of best practices for preparing cost estimates and 
for conducting analyses of alternatives for Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration and de-fense environmental management capital asset projects; and 
(2) the nuclear weapon life extension program 
procedures of the Department to require the use of use of best practices for preparing cost esti-mates and conducting analyses of alternatives for National Nuclear Security Administration life extension programs. 
Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
SEC. 3131. ROOT CAUSE ANALYSES FOR CERTAIN 
COST OVERRUNS. 
Section 4713(c) of the Atomic Energy Defense 
Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ ANDROOT 
CAUSE ANALYSES ’’ after ‘‘P ROJECTS ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following para-
graph: 
‘‘(3) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees an assessment of the root cause or causes of the growth in the total cost of the project, including the contribution of any short-comings in cost, schedule, or performance of the program, including the role, if any, of— 
‘‘(A) unrealistic performance expectations; ‘‘(B) unrealistic baseline estimates for cost or 
schedule; 
‘‘(C) immature technologies or excessive man-
ufacturing or integration risk; 
‘‘(D) unanticipated design, engineering, man-
ufacturing, or technology integration issues arising during program performance; 
‘‘(E) changes in procurement quantities; ‘‘(F) inadequate program funding or funding 
instability; 
‘‘(G) poor performance by personnel of the 
Federal Government or contractor personnel re-sponsible for program management; or 
‘‘(H) any other matters.’’. 
SEC. 3132. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ANNUAL REPORTS ON NU-CLEAR NONPROLIFERATION. 
Section 3122(c) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1710) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting after 
‘‘world,’’ the following: ‘‘including an identi-fication of such uranium that is obligated by the United States,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) A list, by country and site, reflecting the 
total amount of separated plutonium around the world, including an identification of such pluto-nium that is obligated by the United States, and an assessment of the vulnerability of the pluto-nium to theft or diversion.’’. 
SEC. 3133. GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OF 
NUCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) correcting the longstanding problems with 
the governance and management of the nuclear security enterprise will require robust, personal, and long-term engagement by the President, the Secretary of Energy, the Administrator for Nu-clear Security, and leaders from the appropriate congressional committees; 
(2) recent and past studies of the governance 
and management of the nuclear security enter-prise have provided a list of reasonable, prac-tical, and actionable steps that the Secretary and the Administrator should take to make the nuclear security enterprise more efficient and more effective; and 
(3) lasting and effective change to the nuclear 
security enterprise will require personal engage-ment by senior leaders, a clear plan, and mecha-nisms for ensuring follow-through and account-ability. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— 
(1) I MPLEMENTATION ACTION TEAM .— 
(A) The Secretary and the Administrator shall 
jointly establish a team of senior officials from the Department of Energy and the National Nu-clear Security Administration to develop and carry out an implementation plan to reform the governance and management of the nuclear se-curity enterprise to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the nuclear security enterprise. Such plan shall be developed and implemented in accordance with the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.), the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), and any other provision of law. 
(B) The team established under paragraph (1) 
shall be co-chaired by the Deputy Secretary of Energy and the Administrator. 
(C) In developing and carrying out the imple-
mentation plan, the team shall consult with the implementation assessment panel established under subsection (c)(1). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation plan de-
veloped under paragraph (1)(A) shall address all recommendations contained in the covered study (except such recommendations that require legis-lative action to carry out) by identifying specific actions, milestones, timelines, and responsible personnel to implement such plan. 
(3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than January 30, 
2016, the Secretary of Energy and the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees the implementation plan developed under para-graph (1)(A). 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSESSMENT PANEL.— 
(1) A GREEMENT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall seek to enter into a joint agree-ment with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Public Adminis-tration to establish a panel of external, inde-pendent experts to evaluate the implementation plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A) and the implementation of such plan. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The panel established under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) provide guidance to the Secretary and the 
Administrator with respect to the implementa-tion plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A), including how such plan compares or contrasts with the covered study; 
(B) track the implementation of such plan; 
and 
(C) assess the effectiveness of such plan. (3) R
EPORTS .— 
(A) Not later than March 1, 2016, the panel es-
tablished under paragraph (1) shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary, and the Administrator an initial as-sessment of the implementation plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A), including with re-spect to the completeness of the plan, how the plan aligns with the intent and recommenda-tions made by the covered study, and the pros-pects for success for the plan. 
(B) Beginning August 1, 2016, and semiannu-
ally thereafter until September 30, 2018, the panel established under paragraph (1) shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary, and the Administrator a report on the efforts of the Secretary and the Adminis-trator to implement the implementation plan de-veloped under subsection (b)(1)(A). 
(C) Not later than September 30, 2018, the 
panel established under paragraph (1) shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary, and the Administrator a final re-port on the efforts of the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator to implement the implementation plan developed under subsection (b)(1)(A), in-cluding an assessment of the effectiveness of the reform efforts under such plan and whether fur-ther action is needed. 
(4) C
OOPERATION .—The Secretary and the Ad-
ministrator shall provide to the panel estab-lished under paragraph (1) full and timely ac-cess to all information, personnel, and systems of the Department of Energy and the National 
Nuclear Security Administration that the panel determines necessary to carry out this sub-section. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘nuclear security enterprise’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 4002(6) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
(2) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
(5) The term ‘‘covered study’’ means the fol-
lowing: 
(A) The final report of the Congressional Ad-
visory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Security Enterprise established by section 3166 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2208). 
(B) Any other study not conducted by the Sec-
retary or the Administrator that the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of this sec-tion. 
(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to authorize any ac-tion— 
(1) in contravention of section 3220 of the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2410); or 
(2) that would undermine or weaken health, 
safety, or security. 
SEC. 3134. ASSESSMENTS ON NUCLEAR PRO-
LIFERATION RISKS AND NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION OPPORTUNI-TIES. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
and each year thereafter through 2020, the Di-rector of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port, consistent with the provision of classified information and intelligence sources and meth-ods, containing— 
(1) an assessment and prioritization of inter-
national nuclear proliferation risks and nuclear nonproliferation opportunities; and 
(2) an assessment of the effectiveness of var-
ious means and programs for addressing such risks and opportunities. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 3135. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF LABORA-
TORY-DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator for Nu-
clear Security shall seek to enter into a contract with the JASON Defense Advisory Panel to con-duct a review of the laboratory-directed re-search and development programs authorized under section 4811 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791). Such review shall include assessments of the following: 
(A) Whether and how such programs support 
the mission of the National Nuclear Security Administration, including whether such pro-grams are carried out pursuant to the require-ments of section 4812(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 2792(a)) or other similar requirements estab-lished by the Secretary of Energy or the Admin-istrator. 
(B) Whether the science conducted under such 
programs underpin the advancement of sci-entific understanding necessary for nuclear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3096 May 14, 2015 
weapons, nuclear nonproliferation, and naval 
nuclear propulsion programs. 
(C) Whether the science conducted under such 
programs help attract and retain highly quali-fied technical personnel. 
(D) The scientific and programmatic opportu-
nities and challenges in such programs, includ-ing recent significant accomplishments and fail-ures of such programs. 
(E) How projects are selected for funding 
under such programs. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than November 1, 
2016, the Administrator shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report con-taining the review of the JASON Defense Advi-sory Panel conducted under paragraph (1). 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL BRIEFING .—Not 
later than November 1, 2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the following: 
(1) How funding limits for laboratory-directed 
research and development programs of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration compare to funding limits for other laboratories of the Department of Energy and laboratories and fed-erally funded research and development centers of the Department of Defense. 
(2) How many personnel are supported by lab-
oratory-directed research and development pro-grams, including— 
(A) how many personnel receive 50 percent or 
more of their funding from such programs; and 
(B) how many personnel devote more than 50 
percent of their time to such programs for more than three years. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 3141. TRANSFER, DECONTAMINATION, AND 
DECOMMISSIONING OF NON-OPERATIONAL FACILITIES. 
(a) P LAN.—The Secretary of Energy shall es-
tablish and carry out a plan under which the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall trans-fer to the Assistant Secretary of Energy for En-vironmental Management the responsibility for decontaminating and decommissioning facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administration that the Secretary of Energy determines— 
(1) are nonoperational as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act; and 
(2) meet the requirements of the Office of En-
vironmental Management for such transfer. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) 
shall include— 
(1) a schedule for transferring the facilities as 
described in such subsection by not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(2) a prioritized list and schedule for decon-
taminating and decommissioning such facilities, including how such priority and schedule is treated in light of the other facility disposition priorities of the Office of Environmental Man-agement; and 
(3) a description of the estimated life cycle 
costs for all such facilities and how such infor-mation is factored into the prioritized list and schedule under paragraph (2). 
(c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than February 15, 
2016, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives the plan under subsection (a), including any additional views of the Secretary regarding such plan. 
SEC. 3142. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF AD-
VANCED NAVAL NUCLEAR FUEL SYS-TEM BASED ON LOW-ENRICHED URA-NIUM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation for material management and minimization, not more than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors for initial planning and early research and development of 
an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4701. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUED RESEARCH  
ANDDEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) D ETERMINATION .—At the same time that 
the President submits to Congress the budget for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees the deter-mination of the Secretaries as to whether the United States should continue to pursue re-search and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched ura-nium. 
(2) B
UDGET REQUEST .—If the Secretaries deter-
mine under paragraph (1) that research and de-velopment of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium should continue, the Secretaries shall ensure that the budget described in such paragraph includes amounts for defense nuclear nonproliferation for material management and minimization nec-essary to carry out the plan under subsection (c). 
(c) P
LAN.—Not later than 30 days after the 
date of the submission of the determination under subsection (b)(1), the Deputy Adminis-trator for Naval Reactors shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for re-search and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched ura-nium to meet military requirements. Such plan shall include the following: 
(1) Timelines. (2) Costs (including an analysis of the cost of 
such research and development as compared to the cost of maintaining current naval nuclear reactor technology). 
(3) Milestones, including an identification of 
decision points in which the Deputy Adminis-trator shall determine whether further research and development of a low-enriched uranium naval nuclear fuel system is warranted. 
(4) Identification of any benefits or risks for 
nuclear nonproliferation of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
(5) Identification of any military benefits or 
risks of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
(6) A discussion of potential security cost sav-
ings from using low-enriched uranium in future naval nuclear fuels, including for transporting and using low-enriched uranium fuel, and how such cost savings relate to the cost of fuel fab-rication. 
(7) The distinguishment between requirements 
for aircraft carriers from submarines. 
(8) Any other matters the Deputy Adminis-
trator determines appropriate. 
(d) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—If the 
Secretaries determine under subsection (b)(1) that research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium should continue, not later than 60 days after the date on which the Deputy Adminis-trator submits the plan under subsection (c), the Deputy Administrator shall enter into a memo-randum of understanding with the Deputy Ad-ministrator for Defense Nuclear Nonprolifera-tion regarding such research and development, including with respect to how funding for such research and development will be requested for the ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ ac-count for material management and minimiza-tion and provided to the ‘‘Naval Reactors’’ ac-count to carry out the program. 
SEC. 3143. PLUTONIUM PIT PRODUCTION CAPAC-
ITY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the requirement to create a modern, re-
sponsive nuclear infrastructure that includes the capability and capacity to produce, at min-imum, 50 to 80 pits per year, is a national secu-rity priority; (2) delaying creation of a modern, responsive 
nuclear infrastructure until the 2030s is an un-acceptable risk to the nuclear deterrent and the national security of the United States; and 
(3) timelines for creating certain capacities for 
production of plutonium pits and other nuclear weapons components must be driven by the re-quirement to hedge against technical and geo-political risk and not solely by the needs of life extension programs. 
(b) B
RIEFING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, in consultation with the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Commander of the United States Strategic Com-mand, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the annual plutonium pit production capacity of the nuclear security enterprise (as defined in section 4002(6) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501)). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing under paragraph 
(1) shall describe the following: 
(A) The pit production capacity requirement, 
including the numbers of pits produced that are needed for nuclear weapons life extension pro-grams. 
(B) The annual pit production requirement, 
including the numbers of pits produced, to sup-port a responsive nuclear weapons infrastruc-ture to hedge against technical and geopolitical risk. 
SEC. 3144. ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES FOR MO-
BILE GUARDIAN TRANSPORTER PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF ANALYSIS OF ALTER-
NATIVES .—Not later than 60 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees the analysis of alter-natives conducted by the Administrator for the mobile guardian transporter program. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and develop-ment center to conduct an independent assess-ment of the analysis of alternatives for the mo-bile guardian transporter program. 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The assessment 
under paragraph (1) of the analysis of alter-natives for the mobile guardian transporter pro-gram shall include an assessment of the fol-lowing: 
(A) The engineering, operations, logistics, 
cost, cost-benefit, policy, threat, safety, secu-rity, and risk analysis used to inform the anal-ysis of alternatives. 
(B) The options considered by the analysis of 
alternatives and whether such options represent a comprehensive set of options. 
(C) The constraints and assumptions used to 
frame and bound the analysis of alternatives. 
(3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Administrator shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report con-taining— 
(A) the assessment conducted by the federally 
funded research and development center under paragraph (1), without change; and 
(B) any views of the Administrator regarding 
such assessment or the mobile guardian trans-porter program. 
(c) I
DENTIFICATION IN BUDGET MATERIALS .— 
The Secretary of Energy shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Con-gress in support of the Department of Energy budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) for any fiscal year in which the mobile guardian transporter program is car-ried out a separate, dedicated program element for such program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3097 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 3145. DEVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY ON 
RISKS TO NONPROLIFERATION CAUSED BY ADDITIVE MANUFAC-TURING. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—The President shall develop 
and pursue a strategy to address the risks to the goals and policies of the United States regarding nuclear nonproliferation that are caused by the increased use of additive manufacture tech-nology (commonly referred to as ‘‘3D printing’’), including such technology that does not origi-nate in the United States. 
(b) B
RIEFINGS .—Not later than March 31, 2016, 
and each 120-day period thereafter through Jan-uary 1, 2019, the President shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the strategy developed under subsection (a). 
(c) P
URSUIT OF STRATEGY .—The President 
shall pursue the strategy developed under sub-section (a) at the Nuclear Security Summit in Chicago in 2016. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for fis-
cal year 2016 $29,150,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). 
SEC. 3202. ADMINISTRATION OF DEFENSE NU-
CLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD. 
(a) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO BOARD  
MEMBERS .—Section 311(c) of the Atomic Energy 
Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5), (6), and (7)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6) In carrying out paragraph (5)(B), the 
Chairman may not withhold from any member of the Board any information that is made available to the Chairman regarding the Board’s functions, powers, and mission (including with respect to the management and evaluation of employees of the Board).’’. 
(b) S
ENIOR EMPLOYEES .— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL .— Such sec-
tion 311(c), as amended by subsection (a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(7)(A) The Chairman, subject to the approval 
of the Board, shall appoint the senior employees described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(B) The Chairman, subject to the approval of 
the Board, may remove a senior employee de-scribed in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(C) The senior employees described in this 
subparagraph are the following senior employ-ees of the Board: 
‘‘(i) The senior employee responsible for budg-
etary and general administration matters. 
‘‘(ii) The general counsel. ‘‘(iii) The senior employee responsible for 
technical matters.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
313(b)(1)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 2286b(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘hire’’ and inserting ‘‘in accordance with section 311(c)(7), hire’’. 
TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM 
RESERVES 
SEC. 3401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A MOUNT .—There are hereby authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $17,500,000 for fiscal year 2016 for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval pe-troleum reserves. 
(b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Funds appro-
priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in subsection (a) shall remain avail-able until expended. 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY ASPECTS OF THE MERCHANT MARINE FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016, to be available with-out fiscal year limitation if so provided in ap-propriations Acts, for the use of the Department of Transportation for Maritime Administration programs associated with maintaining national security aspects of the merchant marine, as fol-lows: 
(1) For expenses necessary for operations of 
the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $96,028,000, of which— 
(A) $71,306,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for Academy operations; 
(B) $24,722,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for capital asset management at the Academy. 
(2) For expenses necessary to support the 
State maritime academies, $34,550,000, of which— 
(A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for student incentive payments; 
(B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for direct payments to such academies; 
(C) $1,800,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for training ship fuel assistance pay-ments; 
(D) $22,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; 
(E) $5,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Design; and 
(F) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for improving the monitoring of grad-uates’ service obligation. 
(3) For expenses necessary to support Mari-
time Administration operations and programs, $54,059,000. 
(4) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels 
in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $8,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
(5) For expenses to maintain and preserve a 
United States-flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $186,000,000. 
(6) For the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of 
the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5)) of loan guarantees under the program authorized by chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $3,135,000, of which $3,135,000 shall remain available until expended for administra-
tive expenses of the program. 
SEC. 3502. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
MARITIME SECURITY FLEET PRO-GRAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that dedicated and 
enhanced support is necessary to stabilize and preserve the Maritime Security Fleet program, a program that provides the Department of De-fense with on-demand access to world class, eco-nomical commercial sealift capacity, assures a United States-flag presence in international commerce, supports a pool of qualified United States merchant mariners needed to crew United States-flag vessels during times of war or na-tional emergency, and serves as a critical com-ponent of our national security infrastructure. 
SEC. 3503. UPDATE OF REFERENCES TO THE SEC-
RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION RE-GARDING UNEMPLOYMENT INSUR-ANCE AND VESSEL OPERATORS. 
Sections 3305 and 3306(n) of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 are each amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’ each place that it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Transpor-tation’’. 
SEC. 3504. RELIANCE ON CLASSIFICATION SOCI-
ETY CERTIFICATION FOR PURPOSES OF ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTIFICATE OF INSPECTION. 
Section 53102(e)(3)(A) of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall’’. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN 
FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in 
this division specifies a dollar amount author-ized for a project, program, or activity, the obli-gation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
(b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to 
commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be based on merit-based selection proce-
dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and 
(2) comply with other applicable provisions of 
law. 
(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PROGRAM -
MING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the 
funding tables in this division may be trans-ferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or re-programming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The trans-fer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. 
(d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— 
This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. 
(e) O
RAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No 
oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3098 May 14, 2015 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
002 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ....................................................................................................... ..................... 879 879 
004 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 260,436 277,436 
Extended Range Modifications ................................................................................................... ............. [17,000 ] 
ROTARY 
006 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) ............................................................................................ ........... 187,177 187,177 
007 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN .............................................................................................. ............ 1,168,461 1,168,461 
008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 209,930 209,930 
011 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .............................................................................................. ......... 1,435,945 1,563,945 
Additional 8 rotorcraft for Army National Guard ................................................................................ ..... [128,000 ] 
012 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 127,079 127,079 
013 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................ ........ 46,641 55,441 
Additional 8 rotorcraft for Army National Guard ................................................................................ ..... [8,800 ] 
014 CH–47 HELICOPTER ........................................................................................................... ........................ 1,024,587 1,024,587 
015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 99,344 99,344 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
016 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ....................... 97,543 97,543 
019 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ............................................................................................... ............. 95,725 95,725 
020 AH–64 MODS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 116,153 116,153 
021 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) .......................................................................................... ....... 86,330 86,330 
022 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ....................................................................................................... .................... 4,019 4,019 
023 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ..................... 16,302 16,302 
024 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ..................................................................................................... .................. 13,669 13,669 
025 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................ ............ 16,166 16,166 
026 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS .................................................................................................... ................ 13,793 13,793 
028 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN ................................................................................................... .............. 112,807 112,807 
029 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE .................................................................................................... ............... 82,904 82,904 
030 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................ ........................... 33,890 33,890 
031 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 81,444 81,444 
GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 
032 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ...... 56,215 56,215 
033 SURVIVABILITY CM ........................................................................................................... ....................... 8,917 8,917 
034 CMWS ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 78,348 104,348 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ......................................................... [26,000 ] 
OTHER SUPPORT 
035 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 6,937 6,937 
036 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........... 64,867 64,867 
037 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........... 44,085 44,085 
038 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ........................................................................................................ .................... 94,545 94,545 
039 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,207 1,207 
040 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ...................................................................................................... .................... 3,012 3,012 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................... 5,689,357 5,869,157 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 
001 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ................................................................................... . 115,075 115,075 
002 MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................................ .............................. 414,946 414,946 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
003 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................. 27,975 27,975 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 27,738 27,738 
ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 
005 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ ....... 77,163 168,163 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements .............................................................................. . [91,000 ] 
006 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... ................. 87,525 87,525 
008 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................. ............. 251,060 251,060 
009 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) ............................................................................. 17,4 28 17,428 
MODIFICATIONS 
011 PATRIOT MODS ............................................................................................................... .......................... 241,883 241,883 
012 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................ ........................... 30,119 15,119 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ....................... [–15,000 ] 
013 GMLRS MOD .................................................................................................................. ............................. 18,221 18,221 
014 STINGER MODS ............................................................................................................... ........................... 2,216 2,216 
015 AVENGER MODS ............................................................................................................... ......................... 6,171 6,171 
016 ITAS/TOW MODS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 19,576 19,576 
017 MLRS MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................. 35,970 35,970 
018 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................. 3,148 3,148 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
019 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 33,778 33,778 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
020 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 3,717 3,717 
021 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MISSILES) ........................................................................................... .............. 1,544 1,544 
022 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 4,704 4,704 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................... 1,419,957 1,495,957 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
001 STRYKER VEHICLE ............................................................................................................ ........................ 181,245 181,245 
MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3099 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
002 STRYKER (MOD) .............................................................................................................. .......................... 74,085 118,585 
Lethality Upgrades ............................................................................................................. .................... [44,500 ] 
003 STRYKER UPGRADE ............................................................................................................ ...................... 305,743 305,743 
005 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ...................................................................................................... ................ 225,042 225,042 
006 HOWITZER, MED SP FT 155MM M109A6 (MOD) ..................................................................................... ..... 60,079 60,079 
007 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................................ .. 273,850 273,850 
008 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ............................................................................. 123, 629 195,629 
Additional Vehicles – Army Unfunded Requirement ................................................................................ . [72,000 ] 
009 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,461 2,461 
010 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE ................................................................................................... .............. 2,975 2,975 
011 M88 FOV MODS ............................................................................................................... ........................... 14,878 14,878 
012 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ....................................................................................................... .................... 33,455 33,455 
013 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ....................................................................................................... ................... 367,939 407,939 
Program Increase ............................................................................................................... .................... [40,000 ] 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
015 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (TCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... .... 6,479 6,479 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
016 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 4,991 4,991 
017 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ........................................................................................ .. 26,294 26,294 
018 PRECISION SNIPER RIFLE ..................................................................................................... .................... 1,984 0 
Army request – schedule delay .................................................................................................. ............... [–1,984 ] 
019 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ....................................................................................... . 1,488 0 
Army request – schedule delay .................................................................................................. ............... [–1,488 ] 
020 CARBINE .................................................................................................................... ................................ 34,460 34,460 
021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ........................................................................... 8,367 8, 367 
022 HANDGUN .................................................................................................................... ............................... 5,417 0 
Army request – early to need and schedule delay ................................................................................ ...... [–5,417 ] 
MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
023 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................. ....... 2,777 2,777 
024 M777 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................... 10,070 10,070 
025 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................ ........................ 27,566 27,566 
026 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................. .............. 44,004 44,004 
027 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. .............. 1,190 1,190 
028 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................... ......... 1,424 1,424 
029 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................ ............. 2,431 980 
Army request – schedule delay .................................................................................................. ............... [–1,451 ] 
030 M119 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 20,599 20,599 
032 MORTAR MODIFICATION ........................................................................................................ .................. 6,300 6,300 
033 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .................................................................................. 3,737 3,737 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
034 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .......................................................................................... ......... 391 391 
035 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................ .. 9,027 11,484 
Army requested realignment ..................................................................................................... ............... [2,457 ] 
036 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ............... 304 304 
037 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ................................................................................... 2 ,392 2,392 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................... 1,887,073 2,035,690 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
001 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 43,489 43,489 
002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 40,715 40,715 
003 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 7,753 6,753 
Army request – program reduction ............................................................................................... ............ [–1,000 ] 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................... 24,728 24,728 
005 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 8,305 8,305 
006 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 34,330 34,330 
007 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 79,972 69,972 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–10,000 ] 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
008 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 42,898 42,898 
009 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 43,500 43,500 
010 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 64,372 64,372 
TANK AMMUNITION 
011 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. 1 05,541 105,541 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
012 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................... 57, 756 57,756 
013 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .... 77,995 77,995 
014 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ............................................................................................. .......... 45,518 45,518 
015 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ........................................................................ 78,024  78,024 
ROCKETS 
016 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................... 7 ,500 7,500 
017 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............... 33,653 33,653 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
018 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ....................... 5,639 5,639 
019 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 9,751 9,751 
020 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................... 19,993 19,993 
021 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 9,761 9,761 
022 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ................... 9,749 9,749 
MISCELLANEOUS 
023 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ........... 3,521 3,521 
024 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................... ...... 1,700 1,700 
025 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) .......................................................................................... ......... 6,181 6,181 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3100 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
026 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ....... 17,811 17,811 
027 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ................................................................................... 1 4,695 14,695 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
029 PROVISION OF INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ......................................................................................... ........ 221,703 221,703 
030 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ................................................................................. 113 ,250 113,250 
031 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................ .......................... 3,575 3,575 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ........................................................................... 1,233,378 1,222,378 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
001 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ............................................................................................... ............ 12,855 12,855 
002 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ..................................................................................................... .................. 53 53 
004 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............. 308,336 308,336 
005 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ... 90,040 90,040 
006 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ............................................................................... 8, 444 8,444 
007 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ................................................................................... 27,549 27,549 
008 PLS ESP .................................................................................................................... .................................. 127,102 127,102 
010 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ................................................................................. 48 ,292 48,292 
011 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... ............. 130,993 130,993 
012 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ......................................................................... 19,146 19,146 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 
014 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 1,248 1,248 
015 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................ ............ 9,614 9,614 
COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 
016 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ..................................................................................... 78 3,116 743,116 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–40,000 ] 
017 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ........ 49,898 49,898 
018 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ......................................................................... 4,062  4,062 
019 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) .................................................................................................. .............. 5,008 5,008 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
020 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS ........................................................................... 196,30 6 196,306 
021 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 44,998 34,998 
Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................... [–10,000 ] 
022 SHF TERM ................................................................................................................... ............................... 7,629 7,629 
023 NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE) ................................................................................. 1 4,027 14,027 
024 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................ .......................... 13,453 13,453 
025 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 6,265 6,265 
026 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (TAC SAT) .............................................................................................. .............. 1,042 1,042 
027 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) .............................................................................................. ........ 7,116 7,116 
COMM—C3 SYSTEM 
028 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) ...................................................................................... .. 10,137 10,137 
COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 
029 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............. 64,640 54,640 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–10,000 ] 
030 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ............................................................................. 27,7 62 22,762 
Excess Program Management Costs ................................................................................................ ......... [–5,000 ] 
031 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................ ............ 9,422 9,422 
032 AMC CRITICAL ITEMS—OPA2 .................................................................................................... ................ 26,020 26,020 
033 TRACTOR DESK ............................................................................................................... .......................... 4,073 4,073 
034 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ............................................................................................ ....... 1,403 1,403 
035 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR .............................................................................. 9,19 9 9,199 
036 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM COMM/ELECTRONICS ................................................................... 349 349 037 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM .................................................................... 25,597 25, 597 
038 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ...................................................................................................... ................. 21,854 21,854 
040 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ....................................................................... 24,388 24
,388 
COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 
042 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE ................................................................................................. ........... 1,349 1,349 
043 ARMY CA/MISO GPF EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 3,695 3,695 
INFORMATION SECURITY 
045 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP ................................................................................ 19, 920 19,920 
046 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ........................................................................................... ..... 72,257 72,257 
COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 
047 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................ ......... 16,082 16,082 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
048 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ................... 86,037 86,037 
050 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ..................................................................... 8,550 8,550 051 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ...................................................................... 73,496 73 ,496 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
054 JTT/CIBS-M ................................................................................................................. ................................ 881 881 
055 PROPHET GROUND ............................................................................................................. ....................... 63,650 48,650 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–15,000 ] 
057 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 260,268 250,268 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–10,000 ] 
058 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) ...................................................................................... ..... 3,906 3,906 
059 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 13,929 13,929 
060 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ...................................................................................... ......... 3,978 3,978 
061 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................. 7 ,542 7,542 
062 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ................................................................................. 8 ,010 8,010 
063 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM-M .................................................................... 8,125 8,12 5 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
064 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ........................................................................................... .. 63,472 63,472 
065 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ................................................................................... 2, 556 2,556 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3101 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
066 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 8,224 8,224 
067 CREW ....................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,960 2,960 
068 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ......................................................................... 1,722  1,722 
069 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... 447 447 070 CI MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................................... ....................... 228 228 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
071 SENTINEL MODS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 43,285 43,285 
072 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ....................................................................................................... ..................... 124,216 124,216 
074 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF .............................................................................. 23,2 16 23,216 
076 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 60 ,679 60,679 
077 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) .............................................................................................. ........... 53,453 53,453 
078 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP ................................................................................................... .............. 3,338 3,338 
079 PROFILER ................................................................................................................... ............................... 4,057 4,057 
081 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ..................................................................................... 1 33,339 133,339 
082 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ...................................................................................... ..... 47,212 47,212 
083 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) ................................................................................................. ................ 22,314 22,314 
084 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................ ........ 12,131 12,131 
085 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ........... 10,075 10,075 
086 COUNTERFIRE RADARS ......................................................................................................... ................... 217,379 187,379 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–30,000 ] 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
087 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... .................. 1,190 1,190 
090 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... 28,176 28,176 
091 IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ......... 20,917 15,917 
Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................... [–5,000 ] 
092 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... ....... 5,850 5,850 
093 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ..................................................................... 12,738 12 ,738 
094 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ........ 145,405 145,405 
095 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ............................................................................ 162,6 54 162,654 
096 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP ....................................................................... 4,446 4 ,446 
098 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET .......................................................................... 16,218  16,218 
099 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... ......... 1,138 1,138 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
100 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .......... 12,089 12,089 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..... 105,775 105,775 
102 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ......................................................................... 18,995  18,995 
103 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ .. 62,319 62,319 
104 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................. 17 ,894 17,894 
ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 
106 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. 4,242 4,242 
ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 
107 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ........... 425 425 
108 BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................................. ............ 7,438 7,438 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
108A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 6,467 6,467 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
109 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .................... 248 248 
110 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... .. 1,487 1,487 
112 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ........................... 26,302 26,302 
BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 
113 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ....................... 9,822 9,822 
114 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ........... 21,516 21,516 
115 BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET .................................................................................................... ............... 4,959 4,959 
116 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... 52,546 42,546 
Program decrease ...............................................................................................................
.................... [–10,000 ] 
ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 
117 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ............................................................................. 58,6 82 58,682 
118 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ..................................................................................... 1 3,565 13,565 
119 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ... 2,136 2,136 
120 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... . 6,960 6,960 
121 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQPMT (EOD EQPMT) ...................................................................... 17,424 1 7,424 
122 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............ 8,284 8,284 
123 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 5,459 5,459 
124 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ........... 8,429 8,429 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
125 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ....................... 18,876 18,876 
127 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ .................. 2,287 2,287 
128 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................. 7, 733 7,733 
129 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ................. 49,798 49,798 
130 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... .................. 43,639 43,639 
132 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............... 13,118 13,118 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ..................................................................... 28,278 28 ,278 
135 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS .......................................................................... 34,544  34,544 
136 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. ............... 595 595 
PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 
137 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 5,368 5,368 
138 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................. 35 ,381 35,381 
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 
139 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... .............. 73,828 73,828 
MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 
140 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... 2 5,270 25,270 
141 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............. 2,760 2,760 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3102 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
142 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) .......................................................................................... .......... 5,903 5,903 
143 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ................. 26,125 26,125 
146 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED ...................................................................................................... ................. 27,156 27,156 
147 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ..................... 16,750 16,750 
148 PLANT, ASPHALT MIXING ...................................................................................................... ................... 984 984 
149 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) ................................................................................... 2 ,656 2,656 
150 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ............................................................................ 2,531  2,531 
151 FAMILY OF DIVER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... .... 446 446 
152 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ......................... 19,640 19,640 
153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ .......... 5,087 5,087 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 
154 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ .................. 39,772 39,772 
155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ........... 5,835 94,835 
Strategic mobility shortfall mitigation – railcar acquisition .................................................................. ..... [89,000 ] 
GENERATORS 
156 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ....... 166,356 146,356 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–20,000 ] 
157 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................. 11 ,505 11,505 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ .................... 17,496 17,496 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
160 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ...... 74,916 74,916 
161 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............. 303,236 278,236 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–25,000 ] 
162 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ......... 45,210 45,210 
163 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER ................................................................................... 3 0,068 30,068 
164 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ...................................................................... 9,793 9, 793 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 
165 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 4,650 4,650 
166 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ............................................................................... 34 ,487 34,487 
167 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... . 11,083 11,083 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................... 17, 937 17,937 
170 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ......... 52,040 52,040 
171 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 1,568 1,568 
172 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... .. 64,219 64,219 
173 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. .......... 1,525 1,525 
174 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... ..... 3,268 3,268 
176 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... .......................... 7,191 7,191 
OPA2 
177 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ...................... 48,511 48,511 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................ 5,899,028 5,808,028 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
002 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................. .................. 1,150,000 
Additional 12 Aircraft—Navy Unfunded Requirement ............................................................................... [1,150,000 ] 
003 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .................................................................................................... ................... 897,542 873,042 
Anticipated contract savings ................................................................................................... ................ [–7,700 ] 
Cost growth for support equipment .............................................................................................. ............ [–16,800 ] 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 48,630 48,630 
005 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................. ................................ 1,483,414 2,458,314 
Additional 6 Aircraft—Marine Corps Unfunded Requirement .................................................................... [1,0 00,000 ] 
Anticipated contract savings ................................................................................................... ................ [–17,600 ] 
Cost growth for support equipment .............................................................................................. ............ [–7,500 ] 
006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 203,060 203,060 
007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 41,300 41,300 
008 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,436,355 1,436,355 
009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 43,853 43,853 
010 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) ................................................................................................. ................. 800,057 800,057 
011 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 56,168 56,168 
012 MH–60S (MYP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 28,232 28,232 
014 MH–60R (MYP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 969,991 969,991 
016 P–8A POSEIDON .............................................................................................................. ........................... 3,008,928 3,008,928 
017 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 269,568 269,568 
018 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ........................................................................................................... ...................... 857,654 857,654 
019 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 195,336 195,336 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
020 JPATS ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 8,914 8,914 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
021 KC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 192,214 192,214 
022 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 24,451 24,451 
023 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................ ............................. 494,259 559,259 
Additional Air Vehicle ......................................................................................................... ................... [65,000 ] 
024 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 54,577 72,577 
Additional Advance Procurement ................................................................................................. ........... [18,000 ] 
025 MQ–8 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 120,020 156,020 
MQ–8 UAV-Additional three air vehicles ......................................................................................... ........ [36,000 ] 
026 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................ ............................. 3,450 3,450 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
028 EA–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 9,799 9,799 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3103 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
029 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 23,151 38,151 
Additional Low Band Transmitter Modifications .................................................................................. ... [15,000 ] 
030 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 41,890 41,890 
031 ADVERSARY .................................................................................................................. ............................. 5,816 5,816 
032 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 978,756 968,456 
Unjustified request ............................................................................................................ ..................... [–10,300 ] 
034 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 46,887 46,887 
035 SH–60 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ............................... 107,728 107,728 
036 H–1 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 42,315 42,315 
037 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 41,784 41,784 
038 P–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,067 3,067 
039 E–2 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 20,741 20,741 
040 TRAINER A/C SERIES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 27,980 27,980 
041 C–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 8,157 8,157 
042 C–130 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ............................... 70,335 70,335 
043 FEWSG ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 633 633 
044 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES ................................................................................................. .............. 8,916 8,916 
045 E–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 185,253 185,253 
046 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ............................................................................................... ........... 76,138 76,138 
047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ................ 23,702 23,702 
048 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 105,439 105,439 
049 POWER PLANT CHANGES ........................................................................................................ .................. 9,917 9,917 
050 JPATS SERIES ............................................................................................................... .............................. 13,537 13,537 
051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............... 131,732 131,732 
052 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .................................................................................................... .............. 202,745 202,745 
053 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM ............................................................................................. ..... 3,062 3,062 
054 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 48,206 48,206 
055 P–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 28,492 28,492 
056 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ...................................................................................................... ................. 7,680 7,680 
057 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .............................. 22,464 22,464 
058 RQ–7 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 3,773 3,773 
059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. .............. 121,208 121,208 
060 F–35 STOVL SERIES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 256,106 256,106 
061 F–35 CV SERIES ............................................................................................................. ............................. 68,527 68,527 
062 QRC ........................................................................................................................ .................................... 6,885 6,885 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 1,563,515 1,553,515 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–10,000 ] 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
064 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........... 450,959 450,959 
065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................. ........... 24,010 24,010 
066 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ..................... 42,012 42,012 
067 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............ 2,455 2,455 
068 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............. 50,859 50,859 
069 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 1,801 1,801 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 16,126,405 18,340,505 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
001 TRIDENT II MODS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,099,064 1,099,064 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
002 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .............. 7,748 7,748 
STRATEGIC MISSILES 
003 TOMAHAWK ................................................................................................................... ............................ 184,814 214,814 
Minimum Sustaining Rate Increase ............................................................................................... .......... [30,000 ] 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
004 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ............................... 192,873 192,873 
005 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................. ............................. 96,427 96,427 
006 JSOW ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 21,419 69,219 
Industrial Base Sustainment .................................................................................................... ............... [47,800 ] 
007 STANDARD MISSILE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 435,352 435,352 
008 RAM ........................................................................................................................ .................................... 80,826 80,826 
011 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ........................................................................... 4,26 5 4,265 
012 AERIAL TARGETS ............................................................................................................. ......................... 40,792 40,792 
013 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................. 3,335 3,335 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
014 ESSM ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 44,440 44,440 
015 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 54,462 54,462 
016 HARM MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................ 122,298 122,298 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
017 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ........... 2,397 2,397 
018 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON ............................................................................................. ...... 39,932 39,932 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
019 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ......... 57,641 57,641 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
020 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 7,380 7,380 
021 MK–48 TORPEDO .............................................................................................................. .......................... 65,611 65,611 
022 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 6,912 6,912 
MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
023 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS ......................................................................................................... .................... 113,219 113,219 
024 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS ................................................................................................... .............. 63,317 63,317 
025 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 13,254 13,254 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3104 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
026 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........... 67,701 67,701 
027 ASW RANGE SUPPORT .......................................................................................................... ..................... 3,699 3,699 
DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 
028 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 3,342 3,342 
GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
029 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ..................................................................................................... ............... 11,937 11,937 
MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
030 CIWS MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 53,147 53,147 
031 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ........................................................................................................ .................. 19,022 19,022 
032 GUN MOUNT MODS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 67,980 67,980 
033 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... . 19,823 19,823 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
035 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 149,725 149,725 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 3,154,154 3,231,954 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 101,238 101,238 
002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............ 67,289 67,289 
003 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... .............. 20,340 20,340 
004 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 40,365 40,365 
005 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ......................................................................................... .... 49,377 49,377 
006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. ..... 59,651 59,651 
007 JATOS ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,806 2,806 
008 LRLAP 6 ″ LONG RANGE ATTACK PROJECTILE ......................................................................................... 11,596 11, 596 
009 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... .................. 35,994 35,994 
010 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ........................................................................................ . 36,715 36,715 
011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................. ............. 45,483 45,483 
012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................ ..... 52,080 52,080 
013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ........... 10,809 10,809 
014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......... 4,469 4,469 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
015 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ...................................................................................................... ............... 46,848 46,848 
016 LINEAR CHARGES, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............... 350 350 
017 40 MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... .......................... 500 500 
018 60MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,849 1,849 
019 81MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,000 1,000 
020 120MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 13,867 13,867 
022 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................... 1,390 1,390 
023 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 14,967 14,967 
024 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 45,219 45,219 
026 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 29,335 29,335 
027 NON LETHALS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 3,868 3,868 
028 AMMO MODERNIZATION ......................................................................................................... ................. 15,117 15,117 
029 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 11,219 11,219 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC .............................................................................. 723,741 723,741 
SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY 
OTHER WARSHIPS 
001 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 1,634,701 1,634,701 
002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 874,658 874,658 
003 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ................................................................................................... ................ 3,346,370 3,346,370 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 1,993,740 1,993,740 
005 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS .................................................................................................... .............. 678,274 678,274 
006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 14,951 14,951 
007 DDG 1000 ................................................................................................................... .................................. 433,404 433,404 
008 DDG–51 ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 3,149,703 3,149,703 
010 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ....................................................................................................... ................... 1,356,991 1,356,991 
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 
012 LPD–17 ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 550,000 550,000 
013A AFLOAT FORWARD STAGING BASE ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ...................................................... 97,000 
Procurement .................................................................................................................... ....................... [97,000 ] 
014A LX(R) ADVANCE PROCURMENT (CY) ............................................................................................. ........... 250,000 
LX(R) Acceleration ............................................................................................................. .................... [250,000 ] 
015 LHA REPLACEMENT ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) .............................................................................. 277,5 43 277,543 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 
017 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................ ......................... 674,190 0 
Transfer to NDSF—Title XIV ..................................................................................................... ............. [–674,190 ] 
019 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 138,200 138,200 
020 OUTFITTING ................................................................................................................. ............................. 697,207 697,207 
021 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR .................................................................................................... ................ 255,630 255,630 
022 SERVICE CRAFT .............................................................................................................. ........................... 30,014 30,014 
023 LCAC SLEP .................................................................................................................. ............................... 80,738 80,738 
024 YP CRAFT MAINTENANCE/ROH/SLEP .............................................................................................. ......... 21,838 21,838 
025 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS .................................................................................... 3 89,305 389,305 
TOTAL SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY ............................................................................... 16,597,457 16,270,267 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 
001 LM–2500 GAS TURBINE ........................................................................................................ ....................... 4,881 4,881 
002 ALLISON 501K GAS TURBINE ................................................................................................... .................. 5,814 5,814 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3105 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
003 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) ................................................................................................ .............. 32,906 32,906 
GENERATORS 
004 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ..................................................................................................... ............. 36,860 36,860 
NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
005 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 87,481 87,481 
PERISCOPES 
006 SUB PERISCOPES & IMAGING EQUIP ............................................................................................. ........... 63,109 63,109 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
007 DDG MOD .................................................................................................................... ............................... 364,157 424,157 
Additional DDG Modification-Unfunded Requirement .............................................................................. [ 60,000 ] 
008 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................ 16,089 16,089 
009 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ............................................................................................ .. 2,255 2,255 
010 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE ............................................................................................................ ......................... 28,571 28,571 
011 LCC 19/20 EXTENDED SERVICE LIFE PROGRAM .................................................................................... ... 12,313 12,313 
012 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 16,609 16,609 
013 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 10,498 10,498 
014 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ....... 35,747 35,747 
015 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............ 48,399 48,399 
016 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ........................................................................................................ ................... 23,072 23,072 
017 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 55,283 55,283 
018 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 18,563 18,563 
019 DSSP EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ......................... 7,376 7,376 
021 LCAC ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 20,965 20,965 
022 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ........... 51,652 51,652 
023 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 102,498 102,498 
024 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS ................................................................................................. .......... 3,027 3,027 
025 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ......... 7,399 7,399 
REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
027 REACTOR COMPONENTS ......................................................................................................... .................. 296,095 296,095 
OCEAN ENGINEERING 
028 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .......... 15,982 15,982 
SMALL BOATS 
029 STANDARD BOATS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 29,982 29,982 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
030 OTHER SHIPS TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ......... 66,538 66,538 
PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 
031 OPERATING FORCES IPE ....................................................................................................... .................... 71,138 71,138 
OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 
032 NUCLEAR ALTERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................... 132,625 132,625 
033 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... 2 3,500 23,500 
034 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ............... 85,151 85,151 
035 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ................ 35,228 35,228 
036 REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ............................................................................................ ...... 87,627 87,627 
LOGISTIC SUPPORT 
037 LSD MIDLIFE ................................................................................................................ ............................. 2,774 2,774 
SHIP SONARS 
038 SPQ–9B RADAR ............................................................................................................... ............................ 20,551 20,551 
039 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 103,241 103,241 
040 SSN ACOUSTICS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 214,835 234,835 
Submarine Towed Array-Unfunded Requirement ..................................................................................... . [20,000 ] 
041 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... 7,331 7,331 
042 SONAR SWITCHES AND TRANSDUCERS ............................................................................................. ....... 11,781 11,781 
ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
044 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ... 21,119 21,119 
045 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 8,396 8,396 
046 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............. 146,968 146,968 
047 SURTASS .................................................................................................................... ................................. 12,953 12,953 
048 MARITIME PATROL AND RECONNSAISANCE FORCE ............................................................................... 13,7 25 13,725 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 
049 AN/SLQ–32 .................................................................................................................. ................................. 324,726 352,726 
SEWIP Block II-Unfunded Requirement ............................................................................................ ...... [28,000 ] 
RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 
050 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ....................................................................................................... ................... 148,221 148,221 
051 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ...................................................................................... ... 152 152 
SUBMARINE SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT 
052 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT PROG ........................................................................................... .... 79,954 79,954 
OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
053 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY .......................................................................................... ... 25,695 25,695 
054 TRUSTED INFORMATION SYSTEM (TIS) ........................................................................................... ........ 284 284 
055 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ...................................................................... 14,416 1 4,416 
056 ATDLS ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 23,069 23,069 
057 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ................................................................................... 4, 054 4,054 
058 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................ .... 21,014 21,014 
059 SHALLOW WATER MCM .......................................................................................................... .................. 18,077 18,077 
060 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) .............................................................................................. ............ 12,359 12,359 
061 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ....................................................................................... ... 4,240 4,240 
062 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 17,440 17,440 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
063 OTHER TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .............. 41,314 41,314 
AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
064 MATCALS .................................................................................................................... ............................... 10,011 10,011 
065 SHIPBOARD AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL .............................................................................................. ......... 9,346 9,346 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3106 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
066 AUTOMATIC CARRIER LANDING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ..... 21,281 21,281 
067 NATIONAL AIR SPACE SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............... 25,621 25,621 
068 FLEET AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ...... 8,249 8,249 
069 LANDING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................ ........................ 14,715 14,715 
070 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 29,676 29,676 
071 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ......... 13,737 13,737 
OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
072 DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND & CONTROL ......................................................................................... . 1,314 1,314 
074 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ .............. 13,600 13,600 
075 DCGS-N ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 31,809 31,809 
076 CANES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 278,991 278,991 
077 RADIAC ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 8,294 8,294 
078 CANES-INTELL ............................................................................................................... ............................ 28,695 28,695 
079 GPETE ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 6,962 6,962 
080 MASF ....................................................................................................................... ................................... 290 290 
081 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY .......................................................................................... ...... 14,419 14,419 
082 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................ .......... 4,175 4,175 
083 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 44,176 44,176 
SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 
084 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................................... ... 8,722 8,722 
085 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION ............................................................................................. ...... 108,477 108,477 
086 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ............................................................................................. ....... 16,613 16,613 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 
087 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ......... 20,691 20,691 
088 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... . 60,945 60,945 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
089 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... ..... 30,892 30,892 
090 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) .............................................................................................. ........ 118,113 118,113 
SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 
091 JCS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ......... 4,591 4,591 
092 ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... .............. 1,403 1,403 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 
093 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ....................................................................................... ..... 135,687 135,687 
094 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................ ............ 970 970 
CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 
095 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ........................................................................................... .... 11,433 11,433 
OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 
096 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 2,529 2,529 
SONOBUOYS 
097 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ................. 168,763 168,763 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
098 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .... 46,979 46,979 
100 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 123,884 127,384 
F–35 Visual/Optical Landing System Training Equipment Unfunded Requirement ..................................... [3,500 ] 
103 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ........... 15,090 15,090 
104 DCRS/DPL ................................................................................................................... ................................ 638 638 
106 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .............................................................................................. ...... 14,098 14,098 
111 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 49,773 49,773 
SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 
112 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 5,300 5,300 
SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
115 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. .......... 298,738 298,738 
120 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........ 71,245 71,245 
FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
123 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ .......... 240,694 240,694 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
124 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........... 96,040 96,040 
125 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 30,189 30,189 
OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
129 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..... 22,623 22,623 
130 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 9,906 9,906 
OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 
134 TRAINING DEVICE MODS ....................................................................................................... ................... 99,707 99,707 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 2,252 2,252 
136 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............... 2,191 2,191 
137 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 2,164 2,164 
138 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................ 14,705 14,705 
139 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,497 2,497 
140 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................. 12,517 12,517 
141 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 3,018 3,018 
142 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ................... 14,403 14,403 
143 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .............. 1,186 1,186 
SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
144 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........ 18,805 18,805 
145 OTHER SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ...... 10,469 10,469 
146 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 5,720 5,720 
147 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ......... 211,714 211,714 
TRAINING DEVICES 
148 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 7,468 7,468 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
149 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ......... 36,433 36,433 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3107 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
150 EDUCATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 3,180 3,180 
151 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........... 4,790 4,790 
153 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......... 4,608 4,608 
154 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... .. 5,655 5,655 
155 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ......................... 9,929 9,929 
156 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ... 26,795 26,795 
157 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 88,453 88,453 
159 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... .. 99,094 99,094 
OTHER 
160 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... .... 99,014 99,014 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 21,439 21,439 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
161 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 328,043 328,043 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................ 6,614,715 6,726,215 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
001 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................. ............................... 26,744 26,744 
002 LAV PIP .................................................................................................................... .................................. 54,879 54,879 
ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 
003 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ..... 2,652 2,652 
004 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ........................................................................................... .... 7,482 7,482 
005 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ...................................................................................... . 17,181 17,181 
006 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ......................................................................... 8,224 8,224 
OTHER SUPPORT 
007 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 14,467 14,467 
008 WEAPONS ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ...... 488 488 
GUIDED MISSILES 
009 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ................................................................................................... .............. 7,565 7,565 
010 JAVELIN .................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,091 78,591 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements .............................................................................. . [77,500 ] 
011 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW .......................................................................................................... .................... 4,872 4,872 
012 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) ................................................................................ 668  668 
OTHER SUPPORT 
013 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 12,495 12,495 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
014 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ..................................................................................................... ................. 13,109 13,109 
015 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ................................................................... 35,147 35,1 47 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
016 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 21,210 21,210 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
017 COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ................ 792 792 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ....................................................................................... ...... 3,642 3,642 
020 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................ 3,520 3,520 
RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
021 RADAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ......................... 35,118 35,118 
022 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) .................................................................................... . 130,661 90,661 
Delay in IOTE .................................................................................................................. ...................... [–40,000 ] 
023 RQ–21 UAS .................................................................................................................. ................................ 84,916 84,916 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
024 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ........................................................................................................ .................... 9,136 9,136 
025 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 29,936 29,936 
028 DCGS-MC .................................................................................................................... ................................ 1,947 1,947 
OTHER COMM/ELEC EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
031 NIGHT VISION EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 2,018 2,018 
OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 
032 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) .............................................................................. 67,2 95 67,295 
033 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................................. ......... 43,101 43,101 
034 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................ 29,255 29,255 
035 RADIO SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 80,584 80,584 
036 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... .... 66,123 66,123 
037 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .. 79,486 79,486 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
037A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 2,803 2,803 
ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
038 COMMERCIAL PASSENGER VEHICLES .............................................................................................. ........ 3,538 3,538 
039 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............ 22,806 22,806 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
041 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................. ....... 7,743 7,743 
043 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............. 79,429 79,429 
044 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................ ............. 3,157 3,157 
OTHER SUPPORT 
045 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 6,938 6,938 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
046 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT ......................................................................................... .. 94 94 
047 BULK LIQUID EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................. 896 896 
048 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... .................. 136 136 
049 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED ................................................................................................... ............ 10,792 10,792 
050 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........ 3,235 3,235 
051 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 7,666 7,666 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3108 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
052 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 33,145 33,145 
053 GARRISON MOBILE ENGINEER EQUIPMENT (GMEE) ............................................................................... 1,4 19 1,419 
GENERAL PROPERTY 
057 TRAINING DEVICES ........................................................................................................... ........................ 24,163 24,163 
058 CONTAINER FAMILY ........................................................................................................... ...................... 962 962 
059 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... .... 6,545 6,545 
060 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) .......................................................................... 7,533  7,533 
OTHER SUPPORT 
062 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 4,322 4,322 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 8,292 8,292 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................................ 1,131,418 1,168,918 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL FORCES 
001 F–35 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 5,260,212 5,161,112 
Anticipated contract savings ................................................................................................... ................ [–75,500 ] 
Cost growth for support equipment .............................................................................................. ............ [–23,600 ] 
002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 460,260 460,260 
TACTICAL AIRLIFT 
003 KC–46A TANKER .............................................................................................................. ........................... 2,350,601 2,326,601 
Program Decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–24,000 ] 
OTHER AIRLIFT 
004 C–130J ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 889,154 962,154 
Unfunded Requirements .......................................................................................................... ................ [73,000 ] 
005 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 50,000 50,000 
006 HC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 463,934 463,934 
007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 30,000 30,000 
008 MC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 828,472 828,472 
009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 60,000 60,000 
MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 
011 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ....................................................................................................... ....................... 2,617 2,617 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
012 TARGET DRONES .............................................................................................................. ......................... 132,028 132,028 
014 RQ–4 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 37,800 37,800 
015 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 552,528 552,528 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 
017 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 32,458 32,458 
018 B–1B ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 114,119 114,119 
019 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 148,987 148,987 
020 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ................................................................................ 84,3 35 84,335 
TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 
021 A–10 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 240,000 
A–10 restoration— wing replacement program ..................................................................................... ..... [240,000 ] 
022 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 464,367 464,367 
023 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 17,134 17,134 
024 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 126,152 126,152 
025 F–35 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 70,167 70,167 
026 INCREMENT 3.2B ............................................................................................................. ........................... 69,325 69,325 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
028 C–5 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 5,604 5,604 
030 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 46,997 46,997 
031 C–21 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 10,162 10,162 
032 C–32A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 44,464 44,464 
033 C–37A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 10,861 861 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–10,000 ] 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
034 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 134 134 
035 T–6 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 17,968 17,968 
036 T–1 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 23,706 23,706 
037 T–38 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 30,604 30,604 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
038 U–2 MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................ 22,095 22,095 
039 KC–10A (ATCA) .............................................................................................................. ............................. 5,611 5,611 
040 C–12 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,980 1,980 
042 VC–25A MOD ................................................................................................................. .............................. 98,231 98,231 
043 C–40 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 13,171 13,171 
044 C–130 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 7,048 80,248 
C–130 AMP increase ............................................................................................................. ................... [10,000 ] 
Eight-Bladed Propeller ......................................................................................................... .................. [30,000 ] 
T–56 3.5 Engine Mod ............................................................................................................ ................... [33,200 ] 
045 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................... 29,713 29,713 
046 C–135 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 49,043 49,043 
047 COMPASS CALL MODS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 68,415 97,115 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ............................................................................................ .......... [28,700 ] 
048 RC–135 ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 156,165 156,165 
049 E–3 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 13,178 13,178 
050 E–4 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 23,937 23,937 
051 E–8 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 18,001 18,001 
052 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................ . 183,308 183,308 
053 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................. 4 4,163 34,163 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3109 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–10,000 ] 
054 H–1 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 6,291 6,291 
055 UH–1N REPLACEMENT .......................................................................................................... ..................... 2,456 2,456 
056 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 45,731 45,731 
057 RQ–4 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................... 50,022 50,022 
058 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 21,660 21,660 
059 OTHER AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................. ........................ 117,767 117,767 
060 MQ–1 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 3,173 3,173 
061 MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 115,226 115,226 
063 CV–22 MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................... 58,828 58,828 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
064 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 656,242 656,242 
COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
065 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 33,716 33,716 
POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 
067 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 38,837 38,837 
068 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 5,911 5,911 
069 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 30,108 30,108 
070 CV–22 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT .............................................................................................. .......... 3,353 3,353 
071 C–135 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 4,490 4,490 
072 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,225 3,225 
073 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 14,969 33,669 
Additional Mission Trainers .................................................................................................... ................ [24,700 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–6,000 ] 
074 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 971 971 
076 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,000 5,000 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 
077 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS .................................................................................................. .............. 18,802 18,802 
WAR CONSUMABLES 
078 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ..................... 156,465 156,465 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
079 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............ 1,052,814 1,052,814 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
079A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 42,503 42,503 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................. 15,657,769 15,948,269 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 
001 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ........................................................................................... ....... 94,040 94,040 
TACTICAL 
003 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ......................................................................................... ....... 440,578 440,578 
004 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) ........................................................................................................ ...................... 200,777 200,777 
005 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ............................... 390,112 390,112 
006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............. 423,016 423,016 
007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................. 133,697 133,697 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 
008 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION ........................................................................................ ... 397 397 
CLASS IV 
009 MM III MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 50,517 50,517 
010 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 9,639 9,639 
011 AGM–88A HARM ............................................................................................................... ........................... 197 197 
012 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ........................................................................................... .......... 25,019 25,019 
MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
014 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 48,523 48,523 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS 
028 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... .............. 276,562 276,562 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
028A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 893,971 893,971 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 2,987,045 2,987,045 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
001 ADVANCED EHF ............................................................................................................... .......................... 333,366 333,366 
002 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ....................................................................................... ... 53,476 79,476 
SATCOM Pathfinder .............................................................................................................. ................ [26,000 ] 
003 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 199,218 199,218 
004 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) .................................................................................................. .............. 18,362 18,362 
005 GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) ................................................................................................. ............... 66,135 66,135 
006 DEF METEOROLOGICAL SAT PROG(SPACE) ......................................................................................... .... 89,351 89,351 
007 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ...................................................................................... 5 71,276 571,276 
008 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ....................................................................................... 800,201 800,201 
009 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) .......................................................................................................... .......................... 452,676 452,676 
TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................... 2,584,061 2,610,061 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
ROCKETS 
001 ROCKETS .................................................................................................................... ................................ 23,788 23,788 
CARTRIDGES 
002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. ............................. 131,102 131,102 
BOMBS 
003 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 89,759 89,759 
004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 637,181 637,181 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3110 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
005 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) .......................................................................................... .... 39,690 39,690 
006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ........... 374,688 354,688 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–20,000 ] 
OTHER ITEMS 
007 CAD/PAD .................................................................................................................... ................................. 58,266 58,266 
008 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) .......................................................................................... ...... 5,612 5,612 
009 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 103 103 
010 MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 1,102 1,102 
011 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 3,044 3,044 
FLARES 
012 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 120,935 120,935 
FUZES 
013 FUZES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 213,476 213,476 
SMALL ARMS 
014 SMALL ARMS ................................................................................................................. ............................ 60,097 60,097 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................. 1,758,843 1,738,843 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
001 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 8,834 8,834 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 
002 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ............... 58,160 58,160 
003 CAP VEHICLES ............................................................................................................... ............................ 977 977 
004 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 12,483 12,483 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 
005 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................. .......... 4,728 4,728 
006 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 4,662 4,662 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
007 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ........................................................................................ ...... 10,419 10,419 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
008 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 23,320 23,320 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 
009 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 6,215 6,215 
010 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 87,781 87,781 
COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 
011 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ..................... 136,998 136,998 
012 MODIFICATIONS (COMSEC) ..................................................................................................... ................. 677 677 
INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
013 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ....... 4,041 4,041 
014 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 22,573 22,573 
015 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............... 14,456 14,456 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
016 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS .......................................................................................... ....... 31,823 31,823 
017 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............... 5,833 5,833 
018 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................ ......... 1,687 1,687 
019 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ....................................................................................... . 22,710 22,710 
020 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ............................................................................................... ........ 21,561 21,561 
021 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................................. ...... 286,980 286,980 
022 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX .................................................................................................. .......... 36,186 36,186 
024 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ........................................................................ 9,597 9,597 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
025 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ..... 27,403 27,403 
026 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................ ..... 7,212 7,212 
027 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ....... 11,062 11,062 
028 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ...... 131,269 131,269 
029 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ..................................................................................................... ................ 33,606 33,606 
030 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N ......................................................................................... . 5,232 5,232 
031 C3 COUNTERMEASURES ......................................................................................................... ................... 7,453 7,453 
032 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM ........................................................................................ .. 3,976 3,976 
033 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................ .............................. 25,515 25,515 
034 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MGMT SYSTEM .................................................................... 9,255 9,25 5 
035 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ............................................................................................... .......... 7,523 7,523 
036 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYS ......................................................................................... ....... 12,043 12,043 
037 AIR OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 10.2 ........................................................................................... ............ 24,246 24,246 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
038 INFORMATION TRANSPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ....... 74,621 74,621 
039 AFNET ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 103,748 103,748 
041 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ............................................................................ 5,19 9 5,199 
042 USCENTCOM .................................................................................................................. ............................ 15,780 15,780 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
043 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................. 7 9,592 64,592 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–15,000 ] 
044 SPACE BASED IR SENSOR PGM SPACE ............................................................................................ ......... 90,190 90,190 
045 NAVSTAR GPS SPACE .......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,029 2,029 
046 NUDET DETECTION SYS SPACE .................................................................................................. .............. 5,095 5,095 
047 AF SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK SPACE ......................................................................................... ... 76,673 76,673 
048 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ............................................................................................... ........... 113,275 113,275 
049 MILSATCOM SPACE ............................................................................................................ ....................... 35,495 35,495 
050 SPACE MODS SPACE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 23,435 23,435 
051 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEM ........................................................................................................ .................. 43,065 43,065 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 77,538 111,438 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3111 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
Battlefield Airmen Kits Unfunded Requirement ................................................................................... ..... [19,900 ] 
Joint Terminal Control Training Simulation Unfunded Requirement ......................................................... [14,000  ] 
054 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................... 8,400 8,400 
055 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 6,144 6,144 
056 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ................................................................................................... ............ 77,010 77,010 
MODIFICATIONS 
057 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................ ...................... 71,800 71,800 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
058 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,370 2,370 
059 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 79,623 79,623 
DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 
060 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 7,249 7,249 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
061 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............. 9,095 13,095 
Additional Equipment ........................................................................................................... .................. [4,000 ] 
062 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 17,866 17,866 
064 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................... .................... 61,850 61,850 
065 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 30,477 30,477 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
067 DARP RC135 ................................................................................................................. ............................... 25,072 25,072 
068 DCGS-AF .................................................................................................................... ................................. 183,021 183,021 
070 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............... 629,371 629,371 
071 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. ......................................................................................... .... 100,663 100,663 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
071A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 15,038,333 15,038,333 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
073 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 59,863 59,863 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 18,272,438 18,295,338 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 
001 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 1,488 1,488 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 
002 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 2,494 2,494 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 
003 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................................... ............. 9,341 9,341 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
007 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ............................................................................................... .......... 8,080 23,080 
SHARKSEER ...................................................................................................................... ................... [15,000 ] 
008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... .................... 62,789 62,789 
009 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 9,399 9,399 
010 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ..................................................................................... ..... 1,819 1,819 
011 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK ......................................................................................... . 141,298 141,298 
012 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................................................. ................ 12,732 12,732 
013 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ........................................................................................... ... 64,098 64,098 
014 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ............................................................................................... ........... 617,910 617,910 
015 JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 84,400 84,400 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 
016 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 5,644 5,644 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 
017 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 11,208 11,208 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 
018 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ............................................................................ 1,298  1,298 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 
020 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 1,048 1,048 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
021 VEHICLES ................................................................................................................... ................................ 100 100 
022 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................
................ 5,474 5,474 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
023 THAAD ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 464,067 464,067 
024 AEGIS BMD .................................................................................................................. .............................. 558,916 679,361 
SM–3 Block IB .................................................................................................................. ..................... [117,880 ] 
SM–3 Block IB (Canisters) ...................................................................................................... ................ [2,565 ] 
025 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 147,765 0 
SM–3 Block IB .................................................................................................................. ..................... [–147,765 ] 
026 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ....................................................................................................... .................... 78,634 78,634 
027 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ..................................................................................................... ..................... 30,587 30,587 
028 IRON DOME .................................................................................................................. .............................. 55,000 55,000 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 
035 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ............................................................................ 37,1 77 37,177 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 
036 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ....................................................................................................... .................. 46,939 46,939 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
038 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ....................................................................................................... .................... 13,027 13,027 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 
040 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ....................................................................................................... .................. 27,859 27,859 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
028A DAVID SLING ............................................................................................................... .............................. 150,000 
David’s Sling Weapon System Procurement—Subject to Title XVI ............................................................. [150,0 00 ] 
028B ARROW 3 ................................................................................................................... ................................. 15,000 
Arrow 3 Upper Tier Procurement—Subject to Title XVI ............................................................................ [15,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3112 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 617,757 617,757 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
041 MC–12 ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 63,170 63,170 
042 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ....................................................................................... 135,985 135,985 
044 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ...................................................................................................... ................. 61,275 61,275 
047 RQ–11 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .............................................................................................. .......... 20,087 20,087 
048 CV–22 MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ....................... 18,832 18,832 
049 MQ–1 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... .......... 1,934 1,934 
050 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... .......... 11,726 26,926 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle .............................. [15,200 ] 
051 STUASL0 .................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,514 1,514 
052 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE ................................................................................................... ................ 204,105 204,105 
053 AC/MC–130J ................................................................................................................. ................................ 61,368 25,968 
MC–130 Terrain Following/Terrain Avoidance Radar Program .................................................................. [–35, 400 ] 
054 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 66,861 66,861 
SHIPBUILDING 
055 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .................. 32,521 32,521 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
056 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .................... 174,734 174,734 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
057 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 93,009 93,009 
058 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................... 14,964 14,964 
059 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................... ........................ 79,149 79,149 
060 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ............. 33,362 33,362 
061 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ...................... 143,533 143,533 
062 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 73,520 73,520 
063 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ....................................................................................................... ................... 186,009 186,009 
064 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................ .......... 19,693 19,693 
065 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ....................................................................................... ... 3,967 3,967 
066 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... 19 ,225 19,225 
068 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........... 213,252 213,252 
CBDP 
074 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS .............................................................................. 141, 223 141,223 
075 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION .......................................................................................... ..... 137,487 137,487 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................................ 5,130,853 5,263,333 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
001 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ........................................................................................ ... 99,701 0 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–99,701 ] 
TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .................................................................... 99,701 0 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... 106,967,393 109,735,699 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-
TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
003 AERIAL COMMON SENSOR (ACS) (MIP) ........................................................................................... ......... 99,500 99,500 
004 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 16,537 16,537 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
016 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ....................... 8,700 8,700 
023 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ..................... 32,000 32,000 
031 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 8,250 8,250 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................... 164,987 164,987 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
003 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................. 37,260 37,260 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................... 37,260 37,260 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
016 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 7,030 7,030 
021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ........................................................................... 19,000 1 9,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................... 26,030 26,030 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................... 4,000 4,000 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
008 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 11,700 11,700 
009 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 4,000 4,000 
010 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 7,000 7,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3113 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
012 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................... 5,0 00 5,000 
013 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .... 10,000 10,000 
015 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ........................................................................ 2,000 2,000 
ROCKETS 
017 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............... 136,340 136,340 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
019 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 4,000 4,000 
021 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 8,000 8,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ........................................................................... 192,040 192,040 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
005 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ... 243,998 243,998 
009 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV .......................................................................... 223,27 6 223,276 
011 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... ............. 130,000 130,000 
012 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ......................................................................... 393,100  393,100 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
021 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 5,724 5,724 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
051 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ...................................................................... 29,500 29 ,500 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
057 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 54,140 54,140 
059 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 6,542 6,542 
061 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................. 3 ,860 3,860 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
068 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ......................................................................... 14,84 7 14,847 
069 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... 19,535 19, 535 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
084 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................ ........ 2,601 2,601 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
087 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... .................. 48 48 
094 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ........ 252 252 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..... 652 652 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
111 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. ............... 4,035 4,035 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
131 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. ........................ 53,800 53,800 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ..................................................................... 700 700 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ .................... 10,486 10,486 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................... 8,5 00 8,500 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................ 1,205,596 1,205,596 
JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND 
NETWORK ATTACK 
001 ATTACK THE NETWORK ......................................................................................................... ................... 219,550 219,550 
JIEDDO DEVICE DEFEAT 
002 DEFEAT THE DEVICE .......................................................................................................... ...................... 77,600 77,600 
FORCE TRAINING 
003 TRAIN THE FORCE ............................................................................................................ ......................... 7,850 7,850 
STAFF AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
004 OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................. ............................. 188,271 137,571 
Program Reduction .............................................................................................................. ................... [–50,700 ] 
TOTAL JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND ..................................................................... 493,271 442,571 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
026 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................ ............................. 55,000 55,000 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
030 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 41,365 41,365 
032 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 8,000 8,000 
037 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 6,300 6,300 
047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ................ 14,198 14,198 
051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............... 72,700 72,700 
052 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .................................................................................................... .............. 13,988 13,988 
059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. .............. 4,900 4,900 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................. ........... 943 943 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 217,394 217,394 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
010 LASER MAVERICK ............................................................................................................. ........................ 3,344 3,344 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 3,344 3,344 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 9,715 9,715 
002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............ 11,108 11,108 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3114 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
003 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... .............. 3,603 3,603 
006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. ..... 11,982 11,982 
011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................. ............. 4,674 4,674 
012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................ ..... 3,456 3,456 
013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ........... 1,989 1,989 
014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......... 4,674 4,674 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
020 120MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 10,719 10,719 
023 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 3,993 3,993 
024 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 67,200 67,200 
025 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 518 518 
026 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 3,299 3,299 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC .............................................................................. 136,930 136,930 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 186 186 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 12,000 12,000 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................ 12,186 12,186 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
GUIDED MISSILES 
010 JAVELIN .................................................................................................................... ................................. 7,679 7,679 
OTHER SUPPORT 
013 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 10,311 10,311 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
014 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ..................................................................................................... ................. 8,221 8,221 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
018 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 3,600 3,600 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ....................................................................................... ...... 8,693 8,693 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
027 RQ–11 UAV .................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,430 3,430 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
052 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 7,000 7,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................................ 48,934 48,934 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
015 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 13,500 13,500 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
044 C–130 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,410 1,410 
056 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 39,300 39,300 
058 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 5,690 5,690 
061 MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 69,000 69,000 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................. 128,900 128,900 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL 
006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............. 280,902 280,902 
007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................. 2,520 2,520 
CLASS IV 
010 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 5,720 5,720 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 289,142 289,142 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
CARTRIDGES 
002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. ............................. 8,371 8,371 
BOMBS 
004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 17,031 17,031 
006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ........... 184,412 184,412 
FLARES 
012 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 11,064 11,064 
FUZES 
013 FUZES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 7,996 7,996 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................. 228,874 228,874 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
025 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ..... 3,953 3,953 
027 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ....... 2,000 2,000 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
042 USCENTCOM .................................................................................................................. ............................ 10,000 10,000 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 4,065 4,065 
056 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ................................................................................................... ............ 15,400 15,400 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
058 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ....................................................................................................... .................... 3,580 3,580 
059 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 3,407 3,407 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
062 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 46,790 46,790 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3115 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
064 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................... .................... 400 400 
065 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 9,800 9,800 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
071 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. ......................................................................................... .... 28,070 28,070 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
071A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 3,732,499 3,732,499 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 3,859,964 3,859,964 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
008 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... .................... 1,940 1,940 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 35,482 35,482 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
041 MC–12 ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,000 5,000 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
056 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .................... 35,299 35,299 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
061 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ...................... 15,160 15,160 
063 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ....................................................................................................... ................... 15,000 15,000 
068 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........... 104,537 104,537 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................................ 212,418 212,418 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
007 MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............. 250,000 
NGREA Program Increase ......................................................................................................... .............. [250,000 ] 
TOTAL NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT ................................................................. 250,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... 7,257,270 7,456,570 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................ 13,018 13, 018 
002 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 239,118 239,118 
003 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .... 72,603 72,603 
004 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS .................................................................. 100,340 100,340 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 425,079 425,079 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
005 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........... 28,314 28,314 
006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ........................................................................... 38, 374 38,374 
007 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ....................................................................................................... ....................... 6,879 6,879 
008 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............. 56,884 56,884 
009 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... 19,243 19,243 
010 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............... 45,053 53,053 
A2/AD Anti-Ship Missile Study ................................................................................................. [ 8,000 ] 
011 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... . 29,428 29,428 
012 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ................................................................................. 2 7,862 27,862 
013 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 68,839 68,83 9 
014 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............ 92,801 92,801 
015 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 3,866 3,866 016 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5,487 5,487 
017 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 48, 340 48,340 
018 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ............................................................................... 5 5,301 55,301 
019 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... .......... 33,807 33,807 
020 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............ 25,068 25,068 
021 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 23,681 23,681 
022 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 20,8 50 20,850 
023 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 36,160 36,160 024 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 12,6 56 12,656 
025 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 63,409 63,409 
026 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. 24,735 19, 735 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–5,000 ] 
027 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ......... 35,795 35,795 
028 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............. 76,853 76,853 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 879,685 882,685 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
029 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 46 ,973 46,973 
030 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... .. 69,584 69,584 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3116 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
031 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .. 89,736 89,736 
032 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 57,663 57,663  
033 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 113,071 113,071 034 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 5,554 5 ,554 
035 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................... 12,636 12,636 037 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 7,502 7,502 
038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ........................................................ 17,425 17,425  
039 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 11,912 11,912 
040 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 27,520 27,520 041 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ...................................................................................................... ...................... 2,381 2,381 
042 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 2,431 2,431 
043 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... 26,874 26,874 
044 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 49,449 4 9,449 
045 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 10,999 10,999 
046 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................... 177,159 177,159 047 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................ 13,993 13,993 048 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5,105 5,105 
049 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 4 0,929 40,929 
050 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .............................................. 10,727 10,727 051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 20,145 20,1 45 
052 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .............................. 38,163 38,163 053 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ......... 37,816 37,816 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 895,747 895,747 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
054 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................... 10,347 10,347 
055 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................... .. 25,061 25,061 
056 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ...................................................................... 49,636 4 9,636 
057 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ............................................... 13,426 13,426 058 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ............................................................................ 46,7 49 46,749 
060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. 6,258 6,258 
061 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV .................................................. 13,472 13,472 062 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 7,292 7,292  
063 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ............................................................ 8,813 8,813 065 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 294 294 
067 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ................................................................. 21,233 21 ,233 
068 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ........................................................................................... ........ 31,962 31,962 
069 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... 22,194 22 ,194 
071 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .......................................................................................... .......... 9,805 9,805 
072 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................ 4 0,917 40,917 
073 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ....................................................... 30,058 30,0 58 
074 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ..................... 155,361 155,361 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................... 492,878 492,878 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
076 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS ................................................................................................. ................. 12,939 12,939 
078 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 1 8,843 18,843 
079 0604280A JOINT TACTICAL RADIO .............................................................................................. ............... 9,861 9,861 
080 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) .............................................................. 8,763 8,76 3 
081 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ....... 4,309 4,309 
082 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 15,138 15,138 
083 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS .......................................................................................... ....... 74,128 80,628 
Army requested realignment ..................................................................................................... [1,500 ] 
Soldier Enhancement Program .................................................................................................. [5 ,000 ] 
085 0604611A JAVELIN ........................................................................................................... ............................ 3,945 3,945 
087 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............... 10,076 10,076 
088 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ................................................................... 40,374 4 0,374 
089 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................... ..... 67,582 67,582 
090 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT .................................................................... 1,763 1 ,763 
091 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ............................................................................ 27, 155 27,155 
092 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ..................................... 24,569 24,569 093 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 23,364 23,364 094 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 8,960 8, 960 
095 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................. 9,138 9,138 096 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ............................................................... 21,622 21 ,622 
097 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ........................................................... 99,242 99,2 42 
098 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... . 21,379 21,379 
099 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................................................................. 48,339 48 ,339 
100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ............................................. 2,726 2,726 101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................... 45,412 45,412 102 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ............................................................................... 55, 215 55,215 
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ..................................... 163,643 163,643 105 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 12,309 12,309 
106 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ...................................................... 15,700 15,700  
107 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ........................ 6,243 6,243 
108 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL .................................................................................. 1 8,776 18,776 
109 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ......... 1,953 1,953 
110 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 67,358 67,358 
111 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................. 136,011 136,011 112 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................... 230,2 10 230,210 
113 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ............................................................................. 1 3,357 13,357 
114 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ....... 18,055 18,055 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3117 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
115 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 5,677 5,677 
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ................................................................. 77,570 101 ,570 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ........................................... [24,000 ] 
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. 18, 112 93,112 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ........................................... [60,000 ] 
Concept development by the Army of a CPGS option .................................................................. [15,000 ] 
118 0605350A WIN-T INCREMENT 3—FULL NETWORKING ............................................................................... 39 ,700 39,700 
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ........................................................................... 1 2,987 12,987 
120 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ... 88,866 68,866 
EMD contract delays ............................................................................................................ ... [–20,000 ] 
121 0605456A PAC–3/MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................. ................... 2,272 2,272 
122 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ...................................................... 214,099 214,0 99 
123 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE ............................................................................................. .......... 49,247 39,247 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... .. [–10,000 ] 
124 0605626A AERIAL COMMON SENSOR .............................................................................................. ........... 2 2 
125 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................ 10, 599 10,599 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH.32,486 32,486 
127 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................. 8,8 80 8,880 
128 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................... 152, 288 152,288 
129 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ...................... 5,022 5,022 
130 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 1 2,686 12,686 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................... 2,068,950 2,144,450 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
131 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 20,035 20,035 
132 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 16,684 16,684 
133 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 62,580 62,580 
134 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............. 20,853 20,853 
135 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............ 205,145 205,145 
136 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ............................................................................... 19, 430 19,430 
138 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... .... 277,646 277,646 
139 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS .................................................. 51,550 51,550 140 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. .. 33,246 33,246 
141 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ ............ 4,760 4,760 
142 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 8,303 8,303  
143 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ........ 20,403 20,403 
144 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... .... 10,396 10,396 
145 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... .. 49,337 49,337 
146 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ......... 52,694 52,694 
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................... 938 938 148 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ .......... 60,319 60,319 
149 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. .. 28,478 28,478 
150 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................ 32,604 24,604 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–8,000 ] 
151 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT .................................................. 3,186 3,186 152 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........... 48,955 48,955 
SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ......................................................................... 1,027,542 1,019,542 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
154 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................. 18,39 7 18,397 
155 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ..................... 9,461 9,461 
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................ 4,945 4,945 157 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ................... 7,569 7,569 
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................... 69,862 69,862 
159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................. 66,653 66,65 3 
160 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ....................................................................... 37,407 3 7,407 
161 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................. 1,151 1,15 1 
162 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5 1,164 51,164 
163 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE .................................................................................... . 2,481 2,481 
164 0607141A LOGISTICS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ............. 1,673 1,673 
166 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ............. 13,237 13,237 
167 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... ... 105,816 105,816 
169 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ....................................................................... 40,565  40,565 
171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ........................... 35,719 35,719 172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................ 257,167  292,167 
Stryker Lethality Upgrades ..................................................................................................... . [35,000 ] 
173 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 15,445 15,445 
175 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 364 364 176 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ....................... 4,361 4,361 
177 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................. 3,154 3,154 178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .......................................................... 35,951 35,951 179 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... .................... 34,686 34,686 
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ................................................... 10,750 10,750 181 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 402 402 
183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ....................................................... 64,159 64,15 9 
184 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ......................................................... 17,527 17,527  
185 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ..... 20,515 20,515 
187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. 1 2,368 12,368 
188 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 31,154  31,154 
189 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 12,274 12,274 
190 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ............................................................................... 9, 355 9,355 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3118 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
191 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................ 7,053 7,053 
193 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ . 750 750 
194 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................ 1 3,225 13,225 
195 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 22,870 22,870 
196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 25,592 25,59 2 
199 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 7,297 7,297 
201 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ........................................................................... 3,8 00 3,800 
202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 48,442 48 ,442 
202A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 4,536 4,536 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 1,129,297 1,164,297 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY .............................................. 6,919,178 7,024,678 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .... 116,196 134,196 
Defense University Research Instumentation Program increase .................................................. [18,000 ] 
002 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................ 19,126 19, 126 
003 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 451,606 451,606 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 586,928 604,928 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................... 68 ,723 68,723 
005 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ 1 54,963 154,963 
006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 49,001 49,001 
007 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................................. 4 2,551 42,551 
008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................. 45,056 45 ,056 
009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ 115,051 11 5,051 
010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................... 42,252 62,252 
Service Life Extension for the AGOR Ship ................................................................................. [20,00 0 ] 
011 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ 6,119 6,1 19 
012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................. 123 ,750 123,750 
013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................... 179,686 1 79,686 
014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................. 37,418 37,418 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 864,570 884,570 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
015 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 37,093 3 7,093 
016 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 38,044 3 8,044 
017 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 34,899 34,899 018 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ...................................................... 137,562 137,562 019 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 12,745 12,745 020 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................... 258,860 248,860 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–10,000 ] 
021 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 57,074  57,074 
022 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... 4,807 4,807 023 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 13,748 13 ,748 
024 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................ 66,041 66,041 025 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................... 1,991 1,991 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 662,864 652,864 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
026 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ................................................................................... ... 41,832 41,832 
027 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................ ............ 5,404 5,404 
028 0603237N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL ....................................................................... 3,086 3 ,086 
029 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................. 11,643 11,643 
030 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................... ....... 5,555 5,555 
031 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE .................................................................................. 3,087 3,087 
032 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 1,636 1,636 
033 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ................................................. 118,588 118,588 034 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ...................................................................................... ..... 77,385 77,385 
035 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .... 8,348 8,348 
036 0603525N PILOT FISH ........................................................................................................ .......................... 123,246 123,246 
037 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... ................... 28,819 28,819 
038 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER ................................................................................................... ................... 112,678 112,678 
039 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL .............................................................................................. ........... 710 710 
040 0603553N SURFACE ASW ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,096 1,096 
041 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 87,160 135 ,160 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [48,000 ] 
042 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 10,3 71 10,371 
043 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ...................................................................................... ..... 11,888 11,888 
044 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ............................................................. 4,332 4, 332 
045 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 4 82,040 62,740 
Transfer to National Sea-Based Deterrance Fund ...................................................................... [–419,300 ] 
046 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 25,9 04 25,904 
047 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ....................................................................................................... ...................... 511,802 511,802 
048 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ........................................................................................ ......... 118,416 118,416 
049 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ......................................................................................... ...... 35,901 35,901 
050 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 971,393 0 
Transfer to National Sea-Based Deterrance Fund-OR Development ............................................ [–971,393 ] 
051 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ............................................................................................... ............... 206,149 206,149 
052 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) ................................................................................. . 8,000 8,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3119 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
053 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ .......... 7,678 7,678 
054 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ..................................................................................... .... 219,082 219,082 
055 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................. 623 623 056 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 18,260 18,260  
057 0603658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................ ........ 76,247 76,247 
058 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 4,520 4,520 059 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION .......................................................................................... ...... 20,711 20,711 
060 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ............ 47,761 47,761 
061 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 5,226 5,226 
062 0603734N CHALK CORAL ....................................................................................................... ...................... 182,771 182,771 
063 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ........................................................................................ ........ 3,866 3,866 
064 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ..................................................................................................... ................... 360,065 360,065 
065 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ..................................................................................................... .................... 237,416 237,416 
066 0603751N RETRACT ELM ....................................................................................................... ...................... 37,944 37,944 
067 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN .................................................................................................... ................... 47,312 47,312 
068 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES ................................................................................................. ................. 17,408 17,408 
069 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 9,359 9,359 
070 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........ 887 10,887 
5–Inch Guided Projectile Technology ........................................................................................ [10, 000 ] 
071 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING .................................................................................. . 29,448 29,448 
072 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ......................................... 91,479 91,479 073 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................................................... 67,360 67,36 0 
074 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ..................................... 48,105 48,105 075 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................................................................... . 20,089 20,089 
076 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ........................... 18,969 18,969 077 0604279N ASE SELF-PROTECTION OPTIMIZATION .................................................................................. . 7,874 7,874 
078 0604292N MH-XX ............................................................................................................. ............................ 5,298 5,298 
079 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................ .............................. 46,486 75,486 
LX(R) Acceleration ............................................................................................................. ..... [29,000 ] 
080 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE (JCREW) ....................... 3,817 3,817 081 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ....................................................... 9,595 9,595 082 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ........... 29,581 29,581 083 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ........................................... 285,849 285,849 084 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH.36,656 36,656 
085 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ....................................................................................... .. 9,835 9,835 
086 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ......................................................................... 580 580  
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................... 5,024,626 3,720,933 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
087 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... .......... 21,708 21,708 
088 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ........ 11,101 11,101 
089 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ ........... 39,878 39,878 
090 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ......... 53,059 53,059 
091 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 21,358 21,358 
092 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... .. 4,515 4,515 
093 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ...... 1,514 1,514 
094 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ......... 5,875 5,875 
095 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 81,553 81,553 
096 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. .............. 272,149 272,149 
097 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 27,235 52,235 
UH–1Y/AH–1Z Readiness Improvement Unfunded Requirement .................................................. [25,000 ] 
098 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... .......... 35,763 35,763 
099 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. ............................... 87,918 87,918 
100 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 12,679 12,679 
101 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 56,921 56,921 
102 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 2 3,685 23,685 
103 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 507,093 507,093 
104 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ..... 411,767 411,767 
105 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ............................................................ 25,071 25, 071 
106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ........................................................ 443,433 443,433
 
107 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ... 747 747 
108 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ........ 97,002 97,002 
109 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... .. 129,649 129,649 
110 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... .................... 11,647 11,647 
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) FOR AVIATION 2,778 2,778 112 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..................... 23,695 23,695 113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) SYS-
TEM.134,708 134,708 
114 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... .. 43,914 43,914 
115 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 109,908 109,908 
116 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ....................... 57,928 57,928 
117 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ....... 120,217 135,217 
Concept development ............................................................................................................ .... [15,000 ] 
118 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM .............................................................. 241,754 2 41,754 
119 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ..................... 122,556 122,556 
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM .............................................................................. 48, 213 60,213 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [12,000 ] 
121 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... .. 49,712 49,712 
122 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................ 4, 096 4,096 
123 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... .... 167,719 167,719 
124 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ............... 15,122 15,122 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3120 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
125 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 33, 738 33,738 
126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 8,123 8,123 127 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ............................................... 7,686 7,686 128 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ... 405 405 
129 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. 153,836 153,836 
130 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. 99,619 99,619 
131 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) ........................................................................ 11 6,798 116,798 
132 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ......... 4,353 4,353 
133 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 9,443 9,443 
134 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .............. 32,469 32,469 
135 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ...... 537,901 537,901 
136 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ...... 504,736 504,736 
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS ................................ 59,265 46,765 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ....... [–12,500 ] 
138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY ................................................. 47,579 35,079 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ....... [–12,500 ] 
139 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 5,914 5 ,914 
140 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 89,711 89,711 
141 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ........................ 632,092 632,092 
142 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ....... 7,778 7,778 
143 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ... 25,898 25,898 
144 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ......................................................................... 247, 929 247,929 
145 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................ 103,199 103,199 
146 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ....................................................................................... .. 998 998 
147 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .... 17,785 17,785 
148 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ...................................................................................... .... 35,905 35,905 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................... 6,308,800 6,335,800 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
149 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 30,769 30,769 
150 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 112,606 112,606 
151 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 61,234 61,234 
152 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................ 6,995 6,995 153 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ............................................................................... 4, 011 4,011 
154 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ....... 48,563 48,563 
155 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ......... 5,000 5,000 
157 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ... 925 925 
158 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................... 78,143 78,143 159 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ...... 3,258 3,258 
160 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ................................................................ 76,948 76,9 48 
161 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... .. 132,122 132,122 
162 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ..... 351,912 351,912 
163 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY .............................................................. 17,985 17, 985 
164 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT .................................................... 5,316 5,316 
165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ................................................................... 6,519 6, 519 
166 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT .............................................................................. 13, 649 13,649 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 955,955 955,955 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
174 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ...................................................................... 107,03 9 107,039 
175 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................ 46 ,506 46,506 
176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. 3,900 3,90 0 
177 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... .. 16,569 16,569 
178 0203761N RAPID TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION (RTT) ................................................................................. . 18,632 18,632 
179 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ................... 133,265 133,265 
181 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................ 62, 867 62,867 
182 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................. 36,045 36,045 
183 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ...................................... 25,228 25,228 
184 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... . 54,218 54,218 
185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ....................................... 11,335 11,335 186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ...................................................................... 80,12 9 80,129 
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 39,087 54,08 7 
Anti-Submarine Warfare Underwater Range Instrumentation Upgrade ....................................... [15,000 ] 
188 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ...... 1,915 1,915 
189 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ................................................................ 46,609 46 ,609 
190 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 52,708 52,708 
191 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............... 149,997 149,997 
192 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ...................................................................... 24,460 24,460 
193 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ....................... 42,206 42,206 
194 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ........... 117,759 117,759 
195 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .............................................................................. 101 ,323 101,323 
196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .......................................................................... 67,76 3 67,763 
197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ........................................... 13,431 13,431 198 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ........................................... 56,769 56,769 199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT .......................................................................... 20,7 29 20,729 
200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ............................................... 13,152 13,152 201 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ....... 48,535 48,535 
202 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............... 76,016 76,016 
203 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................ 32,172 32,172 208 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. . 53,239 53,239 
209 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) .................................... 21,677 21,677 210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 28,102  28,102 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3121 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
211 0303150M WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................ 294 294 
213 0305160N NAVY METEOROLOGICAL AND OCEAN SENSORS-SPACE (METOC) .......................................... 599 599 214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 6,207 6,207  
215 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................ 8 ,550 8,550 
216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ........................................................................... 41, 831 41,831 
217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 1,105 1,105 218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 33,149 33,14 9 
219 0305220N RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 227,188 227,188 
220 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 52,770 52,770 
221 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... .......................... 635 635 
222 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 688 688 
223 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ . 4,647 4,647 
224 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................. 6,435 6,435 
225 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 49,145 49,145 
226 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ............................................................ 9,246 9,24 6 
227 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............... 150,854 150,854 
228 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... 4,757 4,757 
229 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........ 24,185 24,185 
231 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... . 4,321 4,321 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 1,252,185 1,252,185 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 3,482,173 3,497,173 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ............................................... 17,885,916 16,652,223 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 329,721 329,721 
002 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .... 141,754 141,754 
003 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ......................................................................... 13, 778 13,778 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 485,253 485,253 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602102F MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 125,234 125,234 
005 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................... . 123,438 123,438 
006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................... 100,5 30 90,530 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–10,000 ] 
007 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION .............................................................................................. ............ 182,326 177,326 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–5,000 ] 
008 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................. ................ 147,291 147,291 
009 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ................ 116,122 116,122 
010 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ .......... 99,851 99,851 
011 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ .... 115,604 115,604 
012 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS .............................................................. 164,909 164 ,909 
013 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................................................................................ ....... 42,037 42,037 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 1,217,342 1,202,342 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
014 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................... 37,665 4 7,665 
Metals Affordability Initiative ................................................................................................ .. [10,000 ] 
015 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ................................................................... 18,378 18,378 
016 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ........................................................................................ ..... 42,183 42,183 
017 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ..................................................................................... 100,733 100,733 
018 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 168,821 168,8 21 
019 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... . 47,032 47,032 
020 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 5 4,897 54,897 
021 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) .......................................................................... 12,
853 12,853 
022 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................... 25,448 25,448 023 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 48, 536 48,536 
024 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... . 30,195 30,195 
025 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 42,630  52,630 
Maturation of advanced manufacturing for low-cost sustainment .............................................. [10,000 ] 
026 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .................................... 46,414 46,414 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 675,785 695,785 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
027 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. 5,03 2 5,032 
029 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ....... 4,070 4,070 
030 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 2 1,790 21,790 
031 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 4,736 4,736 
033 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................. 30, 771 30,771 
034 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL .............................................................. 39,765 39, 765 
036 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE ................................................................................................. ................ 1,246,228 786,228 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–460,000 ] 
037 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ............................................................................................... ............ 3,512 13,512 
Technology transfer program increase ....................................................................................... [10, 000 ] 
038 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ....................... 54,637 54,637 040 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON .......................................................................................... ...... 76,108 56,108 
Unjustified increase and analysis of alternatives ....................................................................... [–20,00 0 ] 
044 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................... .. 6,457 20,457 
SSA, Weather, or Launch Activities .......................................................................................... [14 ,000 ] 
045 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ........................................................................................... ......... 246,514 246,514 
046 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ................................................................................. 7 5,166 75,166 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3122 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
049 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ..................................................................................... ... 8,830 3,930 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–4,900 ] 
050 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ............................................................ 14,939 14,9 39 
051 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ................................. 142,288 142,288 052 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 81,732 81,73 2 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................... 2,062,575 1,601,675 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
055 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 9 29 929 
056 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................... 60 ,256 60,256 
057 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ..... 5,973 5,973 
058 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ..................................................................................... . 32,624 32,624 
059 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............ 24,208 24,208 
060 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 32,374 32,374 
061 0604426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ....................... 243,909 243,909 
062 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ........................................................................................ ...... 8,358 8,358 
063 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ............................................................. 292,235 3 02,235 
Exploitation of SBIRS .......................................................................................................... .... [10,000 ] 
064 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 40 ,154 40,154 
065 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 2,506 2,506 
066 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ............ 57,678 57,678 
067 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. .............. 8,187 8,187 
068 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................ .......... 15,795 15,795 
069 0604800F F–35—EMD .......................................................................................................... ......................... 589,441 589,441 
071 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ................................... 84,438 184,438 
EELV Program—Launch Vehicle Development .......................................................................... [–84,438 ] 
EELV Program—Rocket Propulsion System Development ........................................................... [184,438 ] 
072 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ........................................................................................ .... 36,643 36,643 
073 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... ......... 142,551 142,551 
074 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B ................................................................................. .. 140,640 140,640 
075 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 3,598 3,598  
076 0605221F KC–46 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 602,364 402,364 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–200,000 ] 
077 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ........................................................................................... .......... 11,395 11,395 
078 0605229F CSAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ....................................................................................... ........ 156,085 156,085 
080 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .. 228,230 228,230 
081 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... .......... 72,084 72,084 
082 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .. 56,343 52,343 
Excess to need ................................................................................................................. ......... [–4,000 ] 
083 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E ................................................................................. ..... 47,629 47,629 
084 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... . 271,961 271,961 
085 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... 212,121 212,121 
086 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 186,481 186,481 
087 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ..... 18,082 18,082 
088 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... 993 993 
089 0307581F NEXTGEN JSTARS .................................................................................................... .................... 44,343 44,343 
091 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ..................................................................... 102,62 0 102,620 
092 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ......... 14,563 14,563 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................... 3,847,791 3,753,791 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
093 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 23,844 23,844 
094 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 68,302 73,302 
Airborne Sensor Data Correlation Project .................................................................................. [5,00 0 ] 
095 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ............ 34,918 34,918 
097 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION .......................................................................... 10, 476 10,476 
098 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ..... 673,908 673,908 
099 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ....................................................................... 21,858  21,858 
100 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ........... 28,228 28,228 
101 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....... 40,518 40,518 102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ............................................. 27,895 27,895 103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ........................................................................ 16,507  16,507 
104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 18,997 18, 997 
106 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ................................................... 185,305 185,30 5 
107 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. 4,841 4,841 
108 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................ 15,3 57 15,357 
109 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............ 1,315 1,315 
111 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ........... 2,315 2,315 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 1,174,584 1,179,584 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
112 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT .............................. 350,232 350,232 113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................... 10,465 10, 465 
114 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ ........... 24,577 24,577 
117 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ..................................................... 69,694 69,694  
118 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ................................................................. 26,718 26, 718 
119 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. .............. 10,807 10,807 
121 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 74,520 74,520 
122 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ .. 451 451 
123 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 2,245 2,245 
124 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 108,183 108,183 
125 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ........... 178,929 178,929 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3123 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM ...................................................................... 28,481 2 8,481 
127 0101314F NIGHT FIST—USSTRATCOM ............................................................................................. ........... 87 87 
128 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 5,315 5,31 5 
131 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 8,090 8,090 132 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 123,439 123,439 
134 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 16,200 
A–10 restoration: operational flight program development .......................................................... [16,200 ] 
135 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 148,297 188,297 
AESA Radar Integration ......................................................................................................... . [50,000 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... .... [–10,000 ] 
136 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ................... 179,283 169,283 
Duplicative effort with the Navy ............................................................................................... [–10,000 ] 
137 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... . 14,860 14,860 
138 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ................... 262,552 262,552 
139 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 115,395 90,395 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ....... [–25,000 ] 
140 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............... 43,360 43,360 
141 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................ 46,160 46,160 143 0207224F COMBAT RESCUE AND RECOVERY ........................................................................................ .... 412 412 
144 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ..... 657 657 
145 0207247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ......................... 31,428 31,428 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ........................................................................ 1,105 1,105 
147 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ..................... 14,249 14,249 
148 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 103,942 103,942 149 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ............................................................. 12,793 1 2,793 
150 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... . 21,193 21,193 
151 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ............................................................................... 5 59 559 
152 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ........................................................... 161,812 161, 812 
153 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 6 ,001 6,001 
155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES .................................................................. 7,793 7 ,793 
156 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... .. 12,465 12,465 
157 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ............ 1,681 1,681 
159 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................ 16,796 16,796 
161 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 21,564 21,564 
162 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... .... 24,994 24,994 
163 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ................................................................................ 6, 035 6,035 
164 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ 4,358 4,358 
165 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... .......... 55,835 55,835 
167 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 12 ,874 12,874 
168 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 7, 681 7,681 
171 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ............................................................... 5,974 5,9 74 
177 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... .... 13,815 13,815 
178 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ...................................................... 80,360 80,360  
179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) .................................................................. 3,907 3 ,907 
180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 75,062 75,062 181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 46,599  46,599 
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ................................................................. 2,470 2,47 0 
186 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ......... 112,775 112,775 
189 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ......................................................................... 4,235  4,235 
192 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. 7,879 5,879 
Unjustified increase in systems engineering ............................................................................... [–2,0 00 ] 
193 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... .................. 29,955 29,955 
194 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ................................. 21,485 21,485 
195 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... .................... 2,515 2,515 
198 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................ 4 72 472 
199 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ....................................................................................... ... 12,137 12,137 
200 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 361 361 203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................ 3,162 3,16 2 
204 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................... 1,543 1,543 205 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ . 7,860 7,860 
206 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ..... 6,902 6,902 
207 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ........................ 34,471 34,471 
209 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 50,154 60,154 
Wide Area Surveillance Capability ............................................................................................ [1 0,000 ] 
210 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... . 13,245 13,245 
211 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 22,784 22,78 4 
212 0305219F MQ–1 PREDATOR A UAV ............................................................................................... .............. 716 716 
213 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 208,053 208,053 
214 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ................................................................. 21,587 21, 587 
215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) ................................................................. 43,986 4 3,986 
216 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 197,486 197,486 
217 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ....... 28,434 28,434 
218 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ................ 180,902 180,902 
220 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............... 81,911 81,911 
221 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... ........... 3,149 3,149 
222 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .... 14,447 14,447 
223 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 20,0 77 20,077 
225 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ ....... 853 853 
226 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ .............. 33,962 33,962 
227 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............ 42,864 42,864 
228 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ..................... 54,807 54,807 
229 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ..................... 31,010 31,010 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3124 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
230 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) .............................................................. 6,802 6,80 2 
231 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ .............................. 1,799 1,799 
232 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ...... 48,453 48,453 
233 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 36,576 36,576 
235 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. ... 7,963 7,963 
236 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........ 1,525 1,525 
237 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ................................................................... 112,676  112,676 
238 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ... 12,657 12,657 
239 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ............. 1,836 1,836 
240 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ........ 121 121 
241 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... . 5,911 5,911 
242 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... .. 3,604 3,604 
243 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ........ 4,598 4,598 
244 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY .......................................................................... 1,1 03 1,103 
246 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................... 101,840 101,840 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 12,780,142 12,780,142 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 17,010,339 17,039,539 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ................................................... 26,473,669 25,957,969 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ................................................................................... ...... 38,436 38,436 
002 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 333,119 333,119 
003 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................................................................................... ............ 42,022 42,022 
004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .............................................................. 56,544 56, 544 
005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ............................................................................ 49 ,453 59,453 
STEM program increase .......................................................................................................... . [10,000 ] 
006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ................ 25,834 35,834 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [10,000 ] 
007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 46,261 4 6,261 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 591,669 611,669 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
008 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ........ 19,352 19,352 
009 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. .......... 114,262 114,262 
010 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ........................................................................ 51,02 6 51,026 
011 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ...................................... 48,226 48,226 012 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................ 356,358 356 ,358 
014 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ........................................................................................ ..... 29,265 29,265 
015 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 208,111 208,111 
016 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ............ 13,727 13,727 
018 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............. 314,582 314,582 
019 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 220,1 15 195,115 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–25,000 ] 
020 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ......... 174,798 174,798 
021 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES .................................................. 155,415 155,415 022 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................... 8,824 8,824 023 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .... 37,517 37,517 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 1,751,578 1,726,578 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
024 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 25, 915 25,915 
026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................. 71,171 1 36,171 
Anti-Tunneling Defense System ................................................................................................ [4 0,000 ] 
Increase for Combating Terrorism Technology Activities ............................................................ [25,000 ] 
027 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING .....................................................................................
....... 21,782 21,782 
028 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION AND DEFEAT ...... 290,654 290,654 030 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ...................................................... 12,139 12,139 031 0603177C DISCRIMINATION SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 2 8,200 28,200 
032 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............ 45,389 3,131 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct .......................................................................... [–30,291 ] 
Move to support Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ............................................................................ [–11,96 7 ] 
033 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR .................................................................................................... .................... 9,876 9,876 
034 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH ................................................................................................. .............. 17,364 17,364 
035 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 18,802 18,802 036 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER CAPABILITY .............. 2,679 2,679 037 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 64, 708 64,708 
038 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ..... 185,043 185,043 
039 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... . 126,692 126,692 
040 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................ ............... 14,645 14,645 
041 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ............................................................... 59,830 4 9,830 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–10,000 ] 
042 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... 46,753 2,195 
MOKV Concept Development .................................................................................................... [–4 4,558 ] 
043 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................. 140,094 140,094 044 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH ................................................................................................... ..................... 118,666 108,666 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–10,000 ] 
045 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 43,9 66 30,466 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–13,500 ] 
046 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ............................................................ 141,540 12 9,540 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–12,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3125 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
047 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ..................................................................... 6,980 6,980 
050 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .......................... 157,056 142,056 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ...... [–15,000 ] 
051 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 33,515 43,515  
Efforts to counter-ISIL and Russian aggression ......................................................................... [10,000 ] 
052 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................. 16,543 16,543 053 0603713S DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY ............................................. 29,888 29,888 054 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM .............................................................. 65,836 65, 836 
055 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ...................................... 79,037 99,037 
Trusted Source Implementation for Field Programmable Gate Arrays Study ................................ [20,000 ] 
056 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ....................................................................................... ......... 9,626 9,626 
057 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES .............................................................................. 79, 021 79,021 
058 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................................................... 201,335 201,335 059 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 452,86 1 427,861 
Excessive program growth ....................................................................................................... . [–25,000 ] 
060 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .............. 257,127 257,127 
061 0603769SE DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................... 10,771 10,771 062 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE .................................................................................. ..... 15,202 15,202 
063 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS ................................................................................. ..... 90,500 70,500 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ...... [–20,000 ] 
066 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ .. 18,377 18,377 
067 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 82, 589 82,589 
068 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ............................................................. 37,420 37, 420 
069 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ...................... 42,488 42,488 
070 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 57,741 57,741 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 3,229,821 3,132,505 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
071 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P .............. 31,710 31,710 073 0603600D8Z WALKOFF ......................................................................................................... ........................... 90,567 90,567 
074 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM ........................................................................ 15,9 00 19,900 
Advanced Sensors Application Program .................................................................................... [4,000 ] 
075 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ................................... 52,758 52,758 076 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................... 228,021 228,021 077 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................. 1,284,891 1,284,89 1 
077A 0603XXXX MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ..................................................................................... ....... 86,525 
Adding from Weapons Technology Line .................................................................................... [11,967 ] 
Establish MOKV Program of Record ......................................................................................... [74,55 8 ] 
078 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............................................... 172,754 172,754 079 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ................................................................................. ... 233,588 233,588 
080 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. .......... 409,088 409,088 
080A 0603XXXC WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY—HIGH POWER DE ............................................................................. 30,2 91 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct .......................................................................... [30,291 ] 
081 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA .............................................................................................. .......... 400,387 400,387 
082 0603892C AEGIS BMD ......................................................................................................... ......................... 843,355 870,675 
Undifferentiated Block IB costs ................................................................................................ [27,320 ] 
083 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ........................................................................... 31, 632 31,632 
084 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ..................................................... 23,289 23,289 085 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
COMMUNICATI.450,085 450,085 
086 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................ 49,570 49,570 
087 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ...................................... 49,211 49,211 088 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH .................................................................................................. ................ 9,583 9,583 
089 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ...................................................................................... ....... 72,866 72,866 
090 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... .... 102,795 267,595 
Arrow 3 ........................................................................................................................ ........... [19,500 ] 
Arrow System Improvement Program ......................................................................................... [45,50 0 ] 
David’s Sling .................................................................................................................. ......... [99,800 ] 
091 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST .................................................................................... ...... 274,323 274,323 
092 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS .................................................................................
.. 513,256 513,256 
092A 0603XXXC INF RESPONSE OPTION DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. .. 25,000 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [25,000 ] 
093 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ........................................................................................... ............ 10,129 10,129 
094 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ............................................................................................... ................. 10,350 10,350 
095 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ................................................................ 1,518 6,5 18 
Corrosion ...................................................................................................................... ........... [5,000 ] 
096 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................ 9 6,300 96,300 
097 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ 469,798 469,798 
098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVEL-
OPMENT.3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESS-
MENTS.25,200 25,200 
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ....................................................................... 137,5 64 137,564 
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS .................................................................. 278,944 27 8,944 
107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ...................................... 26,225 26,225 108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... .................... 55,148 55,148 
109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................ 8 6,764 86,764 
110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............. 34,970 34,970 
111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. 1 72,645 172,645 
112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .................................................... 64,618 64,618 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ..................................................... 2,660 2,660 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........... 963 963 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3126 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ........................... 6,816,554 7,159,490 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD ................... 8,800 8,800 117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 78,817 78,81 7 
118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ....................................................... 303,647 303,647  
119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) ............................................... 23,424 23,424 120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................... 14,285 14,285 121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES .................................................... 7,156 7,156 122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 12,542  12,542 
123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ...................................................................... 191 1 91 
124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ... 3,273 3,273 
125 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. .... 5,962 5,962 
126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ..................................... 13,412 13,412 127 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ....... 2,223 2,223 
128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM .................................................... 31,660 31,660 129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ..................................................... 13,085 13,085 130 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................. 7,209 7,209 131 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 15,158 15,158 
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ......................................... 4,414 4,414 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................................... 545,258 545,258 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) .................................................................. 5,581  5,581 
134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 3,081 3,081 
135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ............................. 229,125 229,125 136 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ....... 28,674 21,674 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–7,000 ] 
138 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) .................................................... 45,235 45,2 35 
139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ...................................................................... 24, 936 24,936 
141 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .......................... 35,471 35,471 144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ................ 37,655 37,655 
145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ .. 3,015 3,015 
146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... . 5,287 5,287 
147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................. 5,289 5,289 148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) .......................................................................... 2 ,120 2,120 
149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 102,264 102,264 
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANS-
FER.2,169 2,169 
159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ...... 13,960 13,960 
160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ............................................................. 51,775 51 ,775 
161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ................................... 9,533 9,533 162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. . 17,371 21,371 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [4,000 ] 
163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........... 71,571 71,571 
164 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. .. 4,123 4,123 
165 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ............................................................. 1,946 1,946 
166 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... .... 7,673 7,673 
169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................... 10,413 10,413 170 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ............................................... 971 971 171 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE .............................................................................................. ................. 6,579 6,579 
173 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ............ 43,811 43,811 174 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ........... 35,871 35,871 
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT - IT ............................................................................. . 1,072 1,072 
177A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 49,500 49,500 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 856,071 853,071 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
178 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. .... 7,929 7,929 
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMA-
TION MANA.1,750 1,750 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ........... 294 294 
181 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 22,576 22,576 182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 1,901 1,901 183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G- 
TSCMIS).8,474 8,474 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ............. 33,561 33,561 
186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................ 3,0 61 3,061 
187 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ............... 64,921 64,921 
189 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ................................................................ 3,645 3, 645 
193 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ..................................................... 963 963 194 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ................................... 10,186 10,186 195 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... 36,883 36,883 
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 13,735 13,735 197 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... .... 6,101 6,101 
198 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) .......................................................................... 43,86
7 43,867 
199 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 8,95 7 8,957 
200 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 146,89 0 146,890 
201 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................................ 21,50 3 21,503 
202 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... .. 20,342 20,342 
203 0303170K NET-CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ........................................................................... 4 44 444 
205 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............... 1,736 1,736 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3127 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES ........................................................................ 65, 060 19,460 
Ahead of need .................................................................................................................. ........ [–45,600 ] 
210 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........... 2,976 2,976 
215 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 4,182 4,182 
216 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ...................... 18,130 18,130 
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 5,302 5,302  
221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 3,239 3,239 225 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... .................... 11,733 11,733 
226 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................................................... 2,119 2,119 234 0708011S INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ........................................................................................... ......... 24,605 28,605 
Casting Solutions for Readiness Program .................................................................................. [4,000  ] 
235 0708012S LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ........ 1,770 1,770 
236 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJCS ................................................................................................ ........... 2,978 2,978 
237 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ........................... 18,151 23,151 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ............... [5,000 ] 
238 1105232BB RQ–11 UAV ........................................................................................................ ........................... 758 758 
240 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................... 173,934 189,134 
MC–130 Terrain Following/Terrain Avoidance Radar Program ................................................... [15,200 ] 
241 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. 6,866 6,866 
242 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ....... 63,008 63,008 
243 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................. 25,342 25,342 
244 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. .................. 3,401 3,401 
245 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............... 3,212 3,212 
246 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................. 63,597 64,597 
Combat Diver ................................................................................................................... ........ [1,000 ] 
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................ 3 ,933 3,933 
248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ...................................................................... 10,623  10,623 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 3,564,272 3,564,272 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 4,538,910 4,518,510 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW .................................................. 18,329,861 18,547,081 
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
001 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. .. 76,838 76,838 
002 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... ........ 46,882 46,882 
003 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES .................................................................... 46,8 38 46,838 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE .............................................................. 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL RDT&E .................................................................................................................... 69,779,182 68,352,509 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. ... 1,500 1,500 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................. 1,500 1,500 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ................................................. 1,500 1,500 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 35,747 35,747 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 35,747 35,747 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .................................................. 35,747 35,747 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
133 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ......................................................................... 300  300 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 16,800 16,800 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 17,100 17,100 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ...................................................... 17,100 17,100 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ..................................................................... 25,00 0 
Combating Terrorism and Technical Support Office ...................................................................... [25,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 25,000 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 137,087 137,087 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 137,087 137,087 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ..................................................... 137,087 162,087 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3128 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
TOTAL RDT&E ....................................................................................................................... 191,434 216,434 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 1,094,429 1,594,429 
Force Readiness Restoration—Operations Tempo ................................................................................... .. [500,000 ] 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 1,546,129 1,687,829 
Flying Hour Program Restoration Unfunded Requirement ........................................................................ [55 ,000 ] 
H–60 A-L Conversion Acceleration ............................................................................................... ............ [86,700 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .... 3,158,606 3,272,606 
Army Reserve cyber education efforts ........................................................................................... ........... [6,000 ] 
Insider Threat Unfunded Requirements ........................................................................................... ........ [80,000 ] 
Open Source Intelligence/Human Terrain Systems Unfunded Requirements ............................................... [28,000 ] 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....... 1,214,116 1,215,846 
Gun Tube Depot Maintenance Shortfall Recovery Acceleration ................................................................. [1,7 30 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 7,616,008 7,607,508 
Public Affairs at Local Installations Unjustified Growth ....................................................................... ... [–8,500 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 2,617,169 2,8 09,869 
GTMO Critical Building Maintenance ............................................................................................. ........ [20,500 ] 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [172,200 ] 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ........................................................................... 448,633  469,633 
Afloat Forward Staging Base Unfunded Requirement ............................................................................... [21,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 17,695,090 18,657,720 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ............... 981,000 990,800 
Cyber Defender (25D) Series Course ............................................................................................. ............ [9,800 ] 
260 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ......................... 940,872 984,472 
Cyber Basic Officer Leadership Course .......................................................................................... .......... [3,100 ] 
Initial Entry Rotary Wing Training Backlog Reduction ........................................................................... [40,500 ] 
270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 230,324 247,624 
Advanced Civil Schooling – Civilian Graduate School 10 Percent Reduction .............................................. [–3,000 ] 
Unmanned Aircraft Systems Training ............................................................................................. ......... [20,300 ] 
280 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................... 603,519 631,519 
Intelligence Support for PACOM Unfunded Requirement ......................................................................... [28 ,000 ] 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 491,922 491,922 
330 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... ... 170,118 170,118 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 3,417,755 3,516,455 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
370 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ .............. 714,781 715,141 
TRADOC Mobile Training Team (MTT) Support Unfunded Requirement .................................................. [360 ] 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 384,813 376,313 
Unjustified Growth in Public Affairs ........................................................................................... ............ [–8,500 ] 
430 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................. 1,119,848 1,115,348 
Spirit of America program growth ............................................................................................... ............. [–4,500 ] 
530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 490,368 490,368 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... 2,709,810 2,697,170 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
540 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –1,107,000 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–83,400 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–431,000 ] 
Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [3,300 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–595,900 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –1,107,000 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ................................................................................. 23,822,655 23,764,345 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 87,587 87,587 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....... 59,574 59,574 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 570,852 570,852 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 245,686 259,2 86 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [13,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 963,699 977,299 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 18,390 18,390 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3129 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
170 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 52,928 52,928 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 71,318 71,318 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
190 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –7,600 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–7,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –7,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ......................................................................... 1,035,017 1,041,017 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 709,433 1,094,533 
Increased Operations Tempo to Meet Readiness Objectives ....................................................................... [ 385,100 ] 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 943,609 1,063,009 
C3 High Frequency Radio System Unfunded Requirement ......................................................................... [5, 600 ] 
Operational Support and Initial Entry Rotary Wing Training .................................................................. [69 ,900 ] 
Restoration of Flying Hours Unfunded Requirement ............................................................................... . [43,900 ] 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....... 166,848 166,848 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 1,022,970 1,022,970 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 673,680 708,8 80 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [35,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 3,516,540 4,056,240 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 59,629 59,219 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase .............................................................................. .. [1,000 ] 
NGB Heritage Painting Program .................................................................................................. ........... [–1,410 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 59,629 59,219 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
200 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –25,300 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–25,300 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –25,300 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ................................................................................. 3,576,169 4,090,159 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .... 4,940,365 4,943,665 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—CH–53 Contract Maintenance ................................................................ [3,300  ] 
020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ....................... 1,830,611 1,830,611 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ...... 103,456 110,256 
MV–22 Fleet Engineering Support Unfunded Requirement ........................................................................ [6, 800 ] 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................... 376,844 390,744 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—AV–8B Program Related Logistics .......................................................... [4,000 ] 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—CH–53 Program Related Logisitics .......................................................... [1,900  ] 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—MV–22 Program Related Logisitics ......................................................... [1,200 ] 
MV–22 Fleet Engineering Support Unfunded Requirement ........................................................................ [6, 800 ] 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........... 897,536 914,536 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—AV–8B Depot Maintenance .................................................................... [11,2 00 ] 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—CH–53 Depot Maintenance .................................................................... [1,00 0 ] 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—F–18 Depot Maintenance ....................................................................... [4, 800 ] 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 544,056 555,956 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—MV–22 Aviation Logisitics ..................................................................... [5 ,300 ] 
KC–130J Aviation Logistics Unfunded Requirement ................................................................................ .. [6,600 ] 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ....... 4,287,658 4,287,658 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................ 5,960,951 5,960,951 
120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ......... 1,554,863 1,554,863 
200 DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ............. 2,443 2,443 
220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ....................................................................... 73,110 73 ,110 
230 CRUISE MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ........................... 110,734 110,734 
240 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................... 1,206,736 1,206,736 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ................. 523,122 535,122 
Ship Self-Defense Systems Maintenance Backlog Reduction ..................................................................... [12 ,000 ] 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 2,220, 423 2,245,723 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [25,300 ] 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 4,472,468 4,472,468 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 29,105,376 29,195,576 
MOBILIZATION 
320 AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................................... ...... 6,464 6,964 
Aviation Readiness Restoration—F–18 Aircraft Activations/Inactivations .................................................. [500 ] 
330 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ........... 361,764 361,764 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ................................................................................................................. 368,228 368,728 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
380 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................ 9,035 9,035 
410 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ......................... 8,171 8,171 
420 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 168,471 152,971 
Civilian Institutions Graduate Education Program ............................................................................... .... [–16,500 ] 
Naval Sea Cadets ............................................................................................................... ..................... [1,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3130 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
440 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 234,233 234,733 
1–800 US Navy Call Center ...................................................................................................... ............. [500 ] 
470 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................. 47,653 47,653 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 467,563 452,563 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 923,771 914,771 
Navy Fleet Band National Tours ................................................................................................. ............ [–5,000 ] 
Unjustified Growth External Relations .......................................................................................... .......... [–3,500 ] 
Unjustified Growth Navy Call Center ............................................................................................ .......... [–500 ] 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... .................... 13,967 10,467 
Navy External Relations ........................................................................................................ ................. [–3,500 ] 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 265,948 260,948 
Navy Fleet Band National Tour .................................................................................................. ............ [–5,000 ] 
590 HULL, MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................. 48 ,587 48,587 
600 COMBAT/WEAPONS SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... .............. 25,599 25,599 
610 SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... . 72,768 72,768 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ ............. 577,803 577,803 
710 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 560,754 560,754 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 2,489,197 2,471,697 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
720 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –887,100 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–591,400 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–87,000 ] 
Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [2,300 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–211,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –887,100 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ................................................................................. 32,430,364 31,601,464 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... .................... 931,079 931,079 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 227,583 227,583 
050 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................................... 746, 237 775,037 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [28,800 ] 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 2,057,362 2,057,362 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 3,962,261 3,991,061 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
100 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 40,786 40,786 
120 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 164,806 164,806 
140 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................. 23,397 23,397 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 228,989 228,989 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
160 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 358,395 342,595 
Unjustified Growth Marine Corps Heritage Center ................................................................................ ... [–15,800 ] 
200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 45,429 45,429 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 403,824 388,024 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
210 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –338,200 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–24,600 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–28,000 ] 
Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [800 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–286,400 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –338,200 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ................................................................ 4,595,074 4,269,874 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .... 563,722 607,222 
Reversing the disestablishment of HSC–84 and HSC–85 ............................................................................ . [43,500 ] 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............ 6,218 6,218 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........... 82,712 82,712 
040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .... 326 326 
050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 13,436 13,436 
070 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ...... 557 557 
130 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 48,513  49,213 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [700 ] 
140 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 102,858 102,858 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 818,342 862,542 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 1,505 1,505 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 1,505 1,505 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
210 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –39,700 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3131 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–39,700 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –39,700 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES .......................................................................... 819,847 824,347 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ...................... 97,631 97,631 
020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 18,254 18,254 
030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 28,653  30,053 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [1,400 ] 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 111,923 111,923 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 256,461 257,861 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 10,866 10,866 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 8,785 8,785 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 19,651 19,651 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
080 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –1,000 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–1,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –1,000 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ..................................................................... 276,112 276,512 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................ 3,336,868 3,612,468 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration .................................................................................. ........ [249,700 ] 
A–10 to F–15E Training Transition .............................................................................................. ............ [–1,400 ] 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ............................................................................................ .......... [27,300 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .......... 1,897,315 1,935,015 
Increase Range Use Support Unfunded Requirement ................................................................................ [37,700 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ........................................................................... 1, 797,549 1,719,349 
A–10 to F–15E Training Transition .............................................................................................. ............ [–78,200 ] 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 6,537,127 6,537,127 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 1,997,712 2,1 32,812 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [135,100 ] 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 2,841,948 2,841,948 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ........... 930,341 930,341 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ....... 924,845 924,845 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ....................................................................... 900,965 9 00,965 
135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 907,496 907,496 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 22,072,166 22,442,366 
MOBILIZATION 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 1,617,571 1,617,571 
170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 259,956 259,9 56 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 708,799 708,799 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ................................................................................................................. 2,586,326 2,586,326 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
220 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 228,500 228,5 00 
230 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 772,870 772,870 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ............... 359,304 379,304 
Remotely Piloted Aircraft Flight Training Acceleration ......................................................................... ... [20,000 ] 
250 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ......................... 710,553 726,553 
Unmanned Aerial Surveillance (UAS) Training .................................................................................... .... [16,000 ] 
260 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 228,252 227,322 
Air Force Civilian Graduate Education Program Unjustified Growth ........................................................ [–930 ] 
280 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 375,513 375,513 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 79,690 79,690 
330 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................. 59,263 59,263 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 2,813,945 2,849,015 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................... 1,141,491 1,141,491 
360 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 61,745 61,745 
370 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 298,759 298,7 59 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 1,108,220 1,108,220 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 689,797 669,097 
Defense Enterprise Accounting and Management System .......................................................................... [– 20,700 ] 
420 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ......................... 25,411 27,911 
Civil Air Patrol ............................................................................................................... ........................ [2,500 ] 
460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 519,626 519,626 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 3,845,049 3,826,849 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
470 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –813,600 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–562,100 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–217,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3132 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [2,900 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–37,400 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –813,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ........................................................................ 31,317,486 30,890,956 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................ 1,779,378 1,781,878 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration .................................................................................. ........ [2,500 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 487,036 487,036 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 109,342 109,6 42 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [300 ] 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 373,707 373,707 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 2,749,463 2,752,263 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 53,921 53,921 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 14,359 14,359 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ....................................................... 68,280 68,280 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
110 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –101,000 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–101,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –101,000 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ..................................................................... 2,817,743 2,719,543 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................... 3,526,471 3,608,671 
A–10 restoration: Force Structure Restoration .................................................................................. ........ [42,200 ] 
Aircraft Support Equipment Shortfall Restoration ............................................................................... ..... [40,000 ] 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 740,779 740,779 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 1,763,859 1,763,859 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 288,786 307,5 86 
Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ............... [18,800 ] 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 582,037 582,037 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 6,901,932 7,002,932 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 23,626 24,626 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase .............................................................................. .. [1,000 ] 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 30,652 30,652 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 54,278 55,278 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
080 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –162,600 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–162,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –162,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ................................................................................... 6,956,210 6,895,610 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..... 534,795 534,795 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ......................................................................... 4,862,3 68 4,946,968 
Global Inform and Influence Activities Increase ................................................................................ ....... [15,000 ] 
Increased Support for Counterterrorism Operations .............................................................................. .... [25,000 ] 
USSOCOM Combat Development Activities .......................................................................................... .... [44,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 5,397,163 5,481,763 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
060 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................ 354,372 354,3 72 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 354,372 354,372 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
070 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ................ 160,320 180,320 
STARBASE ....................................................................................................................... ..................... [20,000 ] 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... 1,374,536 1,374,536 
110 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ..... 642,551 643,551 
Critical Language Training ..................................................................................................... ................ [1,000 ] 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... .. 1,282,755 1,292,755 
SHARKSEER ...................................................................................................................... ................... [10,000 ] 
150 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... ............... 366,429 366,429 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................. 192,625 192,625 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .. 524,723 524,723 
240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ..... 415,696 415,696 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ............................................................................... 2,75 3,771 2,753,771 
270 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ................. 432,068 432,068 
290 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 110,612 110,612 
295 OFFICE OF NET ASSESSMENT ................................................................................................... ................ 9,092 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3133 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
Transfer from line 300 ......................................................................................................... .................... [9,092 ] 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..... 1,388,285 1,361,693 
Commission to Assess the Threat to the U.S. from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack ........................................ [2,000 ] 
OUSD AT&L Congressional Mandate (BRAC Support) ............................................................................. [–10 ,500 ] 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–24,000 ] 
Readiness environmental protection initiative—program increase .............................................................. [15 ,000 ] 
Transfer funding for Office of Net Assessment to line 295 ...................................................................... .... [–9,092 ] 
310 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 83,263 83,263 320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .... 621,688 621,688 
330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 14,379,428 14,384,428 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................... [5,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ....................................................... 24,728,750 24,747,250 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
340 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –494,700 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–29,700 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–78,400 ] 
Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [2,700 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–389,300 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. –494,700 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................. 30,480,285 30,088,685 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
020 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ......................................................................... 100,2 66 100,266 
SUBTOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................. 100,266 100,266 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS .................................................................................. 100,266 100,266 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................ 138,227,228 136,562,778 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 257,900 257,900 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 1,110,836 1,110,836 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 261,943 261,943 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 22,160 22,160 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 1,119,201 1,119,201 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ................ 117,881 117,881 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 50,000 50,000 
140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .......................... 4,500,666 4,526,466 
Army expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program ......................................................................... ...... [25,800 ] 
150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ...................................................................................... . 10,000 5,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........................... [–5,000 ] 
160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... .......................................... 1,834,777 1,834,777 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .................................................................................. 100,000 
AFRICOM Intelligence, Surveilance, and Reconnissance ........................................................................... ...... [100,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 9,285,364 9,406,164 
MOBILIZATION 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ................... 40,000 40,000 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 40,000 40,000 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 529,891 529,891 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .................... 5,033 5,033 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 100,480 100,480 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 154,350 154,350 
530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 1,267,632 1,267,632 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................. 2,057,386 2,057,386 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................................................................................ 11,382,750 11,503,550 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 2,442 2,442 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 813 813 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 779 779 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 20,525 20,525 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 24,559 24,559 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3134 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................ 24,559 24,559 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 1,984 1,984 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 4,671 4,671 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 15,980 15,980 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 12,867 12,867 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 23,134 23,134 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 1 ,426 1,426 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 60,062 60,062 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 783 783 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 783 783 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ........................................................................................ 60,845 60,845 
AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
MINISTRY OF DEFENSE 
010 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .................................. 2,214,899 2,552,642 
Support for ANSF end strength .................................................................................................. .................... [337,743 ] 
030 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............... 182,751 182,751 
040 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 281,555 281,555 
SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF DEFENSE .......................................................................................................... 2,679,205 3,016,948 
MINISTRY OF INTERIOR 
060 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .................................. 901,137 901,137 
080 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............... 116,573 116,573 
090 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 65,342 65,342 
SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF INTERIOR ......................................................................................................... 1,083,052 1,083,052 
TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ................................................................................. 3,762,257 4,100,000 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. ...................... 715,000 715,000 
SUBTOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .............................................................................................. 715,000 715,000 
TOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. 715,000 715,000 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. ..................... 600,000 531,450 
Realignment to Air Force ....................................................................................................... ........................ [–42,750 ] 
Realignment to Army ............................................................................................................ ......................... [–25,800 ] 
SUBTOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ............................................................................................. 600,000 531,450 
TOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. 600,000 531,450 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ........... 358,417 358,417 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. . 110 110 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ............ 4,513 4,513 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................... 126,501 126,501 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. .................. 75,897 75,897 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........... 2,770 2,770 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 34,101 34,101 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ............. 1,184,878 1,184,878 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ............. 16,663 16,663 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ....................... 1,922,829 1,922,829 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 33,577 33,577 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 26,454 26,454 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................. 22 ,305 22,305 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 513,969 513,969 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 10,007 10,007 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ........... 60,865 60,865 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 275,231 275,231 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 7,819 7,819 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 61,422 61,422 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 4,738,328 4,738,328 
MOBILIZATION 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....... 5,307 5,307 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ......................... 160,002 160,002 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 165,309 165,309 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 44,845 44,845 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 44,845 44,845 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3135 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 2,513 2,513 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 500 500 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................. 5,30 9 5,309 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 1,469 1,469 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 156,671 156,671 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 8,834 8,834 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ .................... 1,490 1,490 
710 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 6,320 6,320 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 183,106 183,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ........................................................................................ 5,131,588 5,131,588 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ........................... 353,133 353,133 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ................................. 259,676 259,676 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 240,000 240,000 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 16,026 16,026 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 868,835 868,835 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 37,862 37,862 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 37,862 37,862 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 43,767 43,767 
200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 2,070 2,070 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 45,837 45,837 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ....................................................................... 952,534 952,534 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ........... 4,033 4,033 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ................... 60 60 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. .................. 20,300 20,300 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 7,250 7,250 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 31,643 31,643 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ................................................................................ 31,643 31,643 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ............................. 2,500 2,500 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 955 955 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 3,455 3,455 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ........................................................................... 3,455 3,455 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 1,505,738 1,548,488 
Air Force expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program .................................................................... ...... [42,750 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ................. 914,973 914,973 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ..... 31,978 31,978 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,192,765 1,192,765 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 85,625  85,625 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 917,269 917,269 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... .................. 30,219 30,219 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. .............. 174,734 174,734 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 869 869 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ........................ 5,008 5,008 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .............................................................................. 10 0,190 716,690 
Assistance for the border security of Jordan ................................................................................... ................. [300,000 ] 
Jordanian Military Capability Enhancement ...................................................................................... ............ [300,000 ] 
Support to Jordanian Training and Operations ................................................................................... ............ [16,500 ] 
135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 22,893 22,893 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 4,982,261 5,641,511 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................. 2,995,703 2,995,703 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ................... 108,163 108,163 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 511,059 511,059 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 4,642 4,642 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 3,619,567 3,619,567 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 92 92 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 11,986 11,986 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 12,078 12,078 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3136 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ........................... 86,716 86,716 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 3,836 3,836 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 165,348 165,348 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................... 204,683 204,683 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 61 61 
460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 15,463 15,463 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 476,107 476,107 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................... 9,090,013 9,749,263 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 51,086 51,086 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 7,020 7,020 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 58,106 58,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................ 58,106 58,106 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................... 19,900 19,900 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 19,900 19,900 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG .......................................................................................... 19,900 19,900 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ............................ 9,900 9,900 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................... 2 ,345,835 2,424,835 
Classified adjustment .......................................................................................................... ........................... [64,000 ] 
Global Inform and Influence Activities Increase ................................................................................ .............. [15,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 2,355,735 2,434,735 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............... 18,474 18,474 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ......... 29,579 29,579 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ................. 110,000 110,000 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ........................ 5,960 5,960 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ......... 1,677,000 1,677,000 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ... 73,000 73,000 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ............ 106,709 321,709 
U.S. Special Operations Command inform and influence activities ................................................................ ... [15,000 ] 
Ukraine Train & Equip .......................................................................................................... ........................ [200,000 ] 
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .......... 2,102 2,102 
330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 1,427,074 1,427,074 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 3,449,898 3,664,898 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ....................................................................... 5,805,633 6,099,633 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
090 COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ......................................................................................... ........ 2,100,000 0 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........................... [–2,100,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ...................................................................... 2,100,000 0 
TOTAL COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND .......................................................................... 2,100,000 0 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 39,738,283 38,981,526 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 68,873 68,873 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 508,008 508,008 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 763,300 763,300 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 1,054,322 1,054,322 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ................ 438,909 438,909 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 4 21,269 421,269 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ... 164,743 164,743 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 3,419,424 3,419,424 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3137 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
MOBILIZATION 
180 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ............................ 401,638 401,638 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ................... 261,683 261,683 
200 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ...................... 6,532 6,532 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 669,853 669,853 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
210 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 131,536 131,536 
220 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................... 47,843 47,843 
230 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. ....................... 42,565 42,565 
240 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ......... 490,378 490,378 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 194,079 194,079 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 227,951 227,951 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ................ 161,048 161,048 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 1,295,400 1,295,400 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 485,778 485,778 
360 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ...................... 813,881 813,881 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .................... 322,127 322,127 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 1,781,350 1,781,350 
410 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 292,532 292,532 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 375,122 375,122 
440 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... ......................... 225,358 225,358 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 239,755 239,755 
460 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................................................... ... 223,319 223,319 
470 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ ....... 469,865 469,865 
480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. ................. 40,521 40,521 
530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 630,606 630,606 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................. 5,900,214 5,900,214 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................................................................................ 11,284,891 11,284,891 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 16,612 16,612 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 486,531 486,531 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 105,446 105,446 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 516,791 516,791 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 348,601 348,601 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ................ 81,350 81,350 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 4 0,962 40,962 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 1,596,293 1,596,293 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 10,665 10,665 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 14,976 14,976 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 8,841 8,841 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 34,482 34,482 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................ 1,630,775 1,630,775 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 167,324 167,324 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 741,327 741,327 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 88,775 88,775 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 32,130 32,130 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 703,137 703,137 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ................ 84,066 84,066 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 9 54,574 954,574 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 2,771,333 2,771,333 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 6,570 6,570 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 68,452 68,452 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 8,841 8,841 
170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 283,670 283,670 
180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 2,942 2,942 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 370,475 370,475 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ........................................................................................ 3,141,808 3,141,808 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. . 37,225 37,225 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........... 33,201 33,201 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ............. 787,446 787,446 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 704,415 704,415 
140 ELECTRONIC WARFARE ......................................................................................................... .......................... 96,916 96,916 
150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ............... 192,198 192,198 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 453,942 453,942 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3138 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................. 35 1,871 351,871 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 1,186,847 1,186,847 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 123,948 123,948 
210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ... 98,914 98,914 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ........... 141,664 141,664 
270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ............... 371,872 371,872 
280 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ....................... 896,061 896,061 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 5,476,520 5,476,520 
MOBILIZATION 
310 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. .................. 422,846 422,846 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....... 69,530 69,530 
350 INDUSTRIAL READINESS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 2,237 2,237 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ......................... 21,823 21,823 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 516,436 516,436 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
370 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 149,375 149,375 
390 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ............... 156,290 156,290 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 653,728 653,728 
430 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 196,048 196,048 
450 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 137,855 137,855 
460 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ................ 77,257 77,257 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 1,370,553 1,370,553 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
500 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................... 12 0,812 120,812 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................. 350, 983 350,983 
530 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 335,482 335,482 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 197,724 197,724 
570 PLANNING, ENGINEERING AND DESIGN ........................................................................................... ............... 274,936 274,936 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 1,122,178 1,122,178 
680 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND AGENCIES .................................................................................... .... 4,768 4,768 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 2,406,883 2,406,883 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ........................................................................................ 9,770,392 9,770,392 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ................................. 931,757 931,757 
040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ...................... 86,259 86,259 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 1,018,016 1,018,016 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
070 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................... 16,460 16,460 
080 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 977 977 
090 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 97,325 97,325 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 347,476 347,476 
130 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 39,963 39,963 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 502,201 502,201 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 37,386 37,386 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 76,105 76,105 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 113,491 113,491 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ....................................................................... 1,633,708 1,633,708 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
090 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 14,499 14,499 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 117,601 117,601 
120 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ....................... 29,382 29,382 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 161,482 161,482 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
160 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................. 13,7 82 13,782 
170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 3,437 3,437 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 3,210 3,210 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 20,429 20,429 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ................................................................................ 181,911 181,911 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
050 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 924 924 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 924 924 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ........................................................................... 924 924 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3139 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 271,177 271,177 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ........................ 382,824 382,824 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ... 205,078 205,078 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 859,079 859,079 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................. 2,229,196 2,229,196 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ................... 148,318 148,318 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................ 2,377,514 2,377,514 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ............................ 92,191 92,191 
200 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................... 21,871 21,871 
210 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... .......... 77,527 77,527 
270 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 76,464 76,464 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 3,803 3,803 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... .......... 180,807 180,807 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ................ 167,478 167,478 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 620,141 620,141 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
350 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................... 862,022 862,022 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 498,053 498,053 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................... 900,253 900,253 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 89,148 89,148 
460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 668,233 668,233 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 3,017,709 3,017,709 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................... 6,874,443 6,874,443 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................... 226,243 226,243 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 226,243 226,243 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
080 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... ..... 13,665 13,665 
090 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... ........... 6,606 6,606 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 20,271 20,271 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................ 246,514 246,514 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ............................ 485,888 485,888 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 485,888 485,888 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
040 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. ................. 142,659 142,659 
050 NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY ................................................................................................ .................. 78,416 78,416 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 221,075 221,075 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............... 570,177 570,177 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ................. 26,073 26,073 
180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ........ 115,372 115,372 
200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... ...................... 508,396 508,396 
230 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................. . 33,577 33,577 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 1,253,595 1,253,595 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ....................................................................... 1,960,558 1,960,558 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ...................................................................... 14,0 78 14,078 
030 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ............................................................................................... ............... 358,496 358,496 
040 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ........................ 84,140 84,140 
050 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ........... 234,829 234,829 
060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ............ 292,453 292,453 
070 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... ........ 368,131 368,131 
080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ......... 8,232 8,232 
090 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ........................................................................... 203 ,717 203,717 
SUBTOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ..................................................................................... 1,564,076 1,564,076 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ......................................................................................... 1,564,076 1,564,076 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 38,290,000 38,290,000 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3140 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................................. 130,491,227 130,199,735 
A–10 restoration: Military Personnel ........................................................................................... ..................... [132,069 ] 
Basic Housing Allowance ........................................................................................................ ........................ [400,000 ] 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ............................................................................................ ................... [19,639 ] 
Financial Literacy Training .................................................................................................... ........................ [85,000 ] 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ...................... [–480,500 ] 
National Guard State Partnership Program increase .............................................................................. ........... [5,000 ] 
Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ............. [12,000 ] 
Reversing the disestablishment of HSC–84 and HSC–85 ............................................................................ .......... [30,700 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ........................... [–495,400 ] 
Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Fund Contributions ................................................................................................ 6,243,449 6,243,449 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS 
CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................................... . 3,204,758 3,204,758 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 
INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ......................................................................................................... ......................... 50,432 55,432 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ............................................................................ ............ [5,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................. 50,432 55,432 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ................................ 5,000 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ............................................................................ ............ [5,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY ............................................................................................................. 5,000 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ................................ 62,898 67,898 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ............................................................................ ............ [5,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................... 62,898 67,898 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ................................................................................................. ......................... 45,084 45,084 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................ 45,084 45,084 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 
COMMISSARY RESALE STOCKS COMMISSARY OPERATIONS .......................................................................................................... .............................. 1,154,154 1,476,154 
Restoration of Proposed Efficiencies ........................................................................................... ........................ [183,000 ] 
Restoration of Savings from Legislative Proposals .............................................................................. ................. [139,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ............................................................................................................. 1,154,154 1,476,154 
NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND 
MPF MLP POST DELIVERY AND OUTFITTING ................................................................................................... ......................... 15,456 689,646 
Transfer from SCN—TAO(X) ....................................................................................................... ....................... [674,190 ] 
NATIONAL DEF SEALIFT VESSEL LG MED SPD RO/RO MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ......................... 124,493 124,493 
DOD MOBILIZATION ALTERATIONS ................................................................................................... ........................ 8,243 8,243 
TAH MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................................ ..................................... 27,784 27,784 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................................... .......................... 25,197 25,197 
READY RESERVE FORCE ............................................................................................................ ................................. 272,991 272,991 
TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ...................................................................................................... 474,164 1,148,354 
NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND 
DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................................... ........................................ 971,393 
Transfer from RDTE, Navy, line 050 ............................................................................................. ...................... [971,393 ] 
PROPULSION ..................................................................................................................... ........................................... 419,300 
Transfer from RDTE, Navy, line 045 ............................................................................................. ...................... [419,300 ] 
TOTAL NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND .......................................................................................... 1,390,693 
CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ............................. 139,098 139,098 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3141 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Authorized 
RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ................................................ 579,342 579,342 
PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ........................................ 2,281 2,281 
TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION ........................................................................................ 720,721 720,721 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ........................................................................ 7 39,009 789,009 
Plan Central America ........................................................................................................... .............................. [50,000 ] 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ................... 111,589 111,589 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ........................................................................... 850,598 900,598 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... .......................... 310,459 310,459 
RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ................................................ 4,700 4,700 
PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ........................................ 1,000 0 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ................................ [–1,000 ] 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ................................................................................................... 316,159 315,159 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. ......................................... 9,082,298 9,082,298 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ ................................... 14,892,683 14,892,683 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ........................ 2,415,658 2,415,658 
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,677,827 1,677,827 
MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................... 327,967 327,967 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ............................... 750,614 750,614 
BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ..................... 1,742,893 1,742,893 
RESEARCH ....................................................................................................................... ............................................. 10,996 10,996 
EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................................... ........................... 59,473 59,473 
ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................... ............................. 231,356 231,356 
DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ....................................................................................................... ........................... 103,443 103,443 
ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................ 515,910 515,910 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT ......................................................................................................... ............................ 41,567 41,567 
CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................ 17,356 17,356 
INITIAL OUTFITTING ............................................................................................................. ...................................... 33,392 33,392 
REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION .................................................................................................... ....................... 330,504 330,504 
THEATER MEDICAL INFORMATION PROGRAM ............................................................................................ .............. 1,494 1,494 
IEHR ........................................................................................................................... ................................................... 7,897 7,897 
UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. ........................................ –508,000 
Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ......................... [–54,700 ] 
Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... .............................. [–453,300 ] 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .................................................................................................................. 32,243,328 31,735,328 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ....................................................................................................................... 35,917,538 37,860,421 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-
SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request House 
Author-
ized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS TRANSPORTATION OF FALLEN HEROES ................................................................................................ ....................... 2,500 2,500 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................................... 2,500 2,500 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ................................................................................................. ............................ 86,350 86,350 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................... 86,350 86,350 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ......................................................................... .. 186,000 186,000 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF .............................................................................. 186,000 186,000 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ............................. 10,262 10,262 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ...................................................................................................... 10,262 10,262 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. ............................................ 65,149 65,149 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ ...................................... 192,210 192,210 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ........................... 9,460 9,460 
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES EDUCATION AND TRAINING ......................................................................................................... .................................. 5,885 5,885 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ..................................................................................................................... 272,704 272,704 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS .......................................................................................................................... 557,816 557,816 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3142 May 14, 2015 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
Alaska 
Army Fort Greely Physical Readiness Training Facility ................................................ 7,800 7,800 
California 
Army Concord Pier ................................................................................................. 98,000 98,000  
Colorado 
Army Fort Carson Rotary Wing Taxiway ...................................................................... 5,800 5,800 
Georgia 
Army Fort Gordon Command and Control Facility ......................................................... 90,000 90,000 
Germany 
Army Grafenwoehr Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............................................................... 51,000 51,000 
New York 
Army Fort Drum NCO Academy Complex .................................................................... 19,000 19,000 Army U.S. Military Academy Waste Water Treatment Plant ........................................................... 70,000 70,000 
Oklahoma 
Army Fort Sill Reception Barracks Complex Ph2 ...................................................... 56,000 56,000 Army Fort Sill Training Support Facility ................................................................. 13,400 13,400 
Texas 
Army Corpus Christi Powertrain Facility (Infrastructure/Metal) ........................................ 85,000 85,000 Army Joint Base San Antonio Homeland Defense Operations Center ................................................ 43,000 0 
Virginia 
Army Fort Lee Training Support Facility ................................................................. 33,000 33,000 Army Joint Base Myer-Henderson Instruction Building ......................................................................... 37, 000 0 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Host Nation Support ........................................................................ 36,000 36,000 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Minor Construction .......................................................................... 25,000 25,000 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 73,245 73,245 
Military Construction, Army Total ........................................................................................................................ 743,245 663,245 
Arizona 
Navy Yuma Aircraft Maint. Facilities & Apron (So. Cala) .................................... 50,635 50,635 
Bahrain Island 
Navy SW Asia Mina Salman Pier Replacement ........................................................ 37,700 0 Navy SW Asia Ship Maintenance Support Facility ................................................... 52,091 0 
California 
Navy Camp Pendleton WRA Water Pipeline Pendleton to Fallbrook ..................................... 44,540 44,540 Navy Coronado Coastal Campus Utilities .................................................................. 4,856 4,856 Navy Lemoore F–35C Hangar Modernization and Addition ....................................... 56,497 56,497 Navy Lemoore F–35C Training Facilities .................................................................. 8,187 8,187 Navy Lemoore Rto and Mission Debrief Facility ...................................................... 7,146 7,146 Navy Point Mugu E–2C/D Hangar Additions and Renovations ....................................... 19,453 19,453 Navy Point Mugu Triton Avionics and Fuel Systems Trainer ......................................... 2,974 2,974 Navy San Diego LCS Support Facility ....................................................................... 37,366 37,366 
Navy Twentynine Palms Microgrid Expansion ........................................................................ 9,160 9,160 
Florida 
Navy Jacksonville Fleet Support Facility Addition ........................................................ 8,455 8,455 Navy Jacksonville Triton Mission Control Facility ......................................................... 8,296 8,296 Navy Mayport LCS Mission Module Readiness Center .............................................. 16,159 16,159 Navy Pensacola A-School Unaccopanied Housing (Corry Station) ............................... 18,347 18,347 Navy Whiting Field T–6B JPATS Training Operations Facility ......................................... 10,421 10,421 
Georgia 
Navy Albany Ground Source Heat Pumps .............................................................. 7,851 7,851 Navy Kings Bay Industrial Control System Infrastructure ........................................... 8,099 8,099 Navy Townsend Townsend Bombing Range Expansion Phase 2 ................................... 48,279 48,279 
Guam 
Navy Joint Region Marianas Live-Fire Training Range Complex (Nw Field) ................................... 125,677 125,677 Navy Joint Region Marianas Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Closure ............................................ 10,777 10,777 Navy Joint Region Marianas Sanitary Sewer System Recapitalization ............................................ 45,314 45,314 
Hawaii 
Navy Barking Sands PMRF Power Grid Consolidation ...................................................... 30,623 30,623 Navy Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam UEM Interconnect Sta C to Hickam .................................................. 6,335 6,3 35 
Navy Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Welding School Shop Consolidation .................................................. 8,546 8, 546 
Navy Kaneohe Bay Airfield Lighting Modernization ....................................................... 26,097 26,097 Navy Kaneohe Bay Bachelor Enlisted Quarters ............................................................... 68,092 68,092 Navy Kaneohe Bay P–8A Detachment Support Facilities ................................................. 12,429 12,429 
Italy 
Navy Sigonella P–8A Hangar and Fleet Support Facility ........................................... 62,302 0 Navy Sigonella Triton Hangar and Operation Facility .............................................. 40,641 0 
Japan 
Navy Camp Butler Military Working Dog Facilities (Camp Hansen) ................................ 11,697 11,697 Navy Iwakuni E–2D Operational Trainer Complex ................................................... 8,716 8,716 Navy Iwakuni Security Modifications—CVW5/MAG12 HQ ........................................ 9,207 9,207 Navy Kadena AB Aircraft Maint. Shelters & Apron ...................................................... 23,310 23,310 Navy Yokosuka Child Development Center ................................................................ 13,846 13,846 
Maryland 
Navy Patuxent River Unaccompanied Housing .................................................................. 40,935 40,935 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3143 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
North Carolina 
Navy Camp Lejeune 2nd Radio BN Complex Operations Consolidation .............................. 0 0 Navy Camp Lejeune Simulator Integration/Range Control Facility .................................... 54,849 54,849 Navy Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station KC130J Enlsited Air Crew Trainer Facility ........................................ 4,769 4,769 
Navy Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station Unmanned Aircraft System Facilities ................................................ 29,657 29,657 
Navy New River Operational Trainer Facility ............................................................ 3,312 3,312 
Navy New River Radar Air Traffic Control Facility Addition ...................................... 4,918 4,918 
Poland 
Navy Redzikowo Base Aegis Ashore Missile Defense Complex ............................................... 51,270 0 
South Carolina 
Navy Parris Island Range Safety Improvements & Modernization .................................... 27,075 27,075 
Virginia 
Navy Dam Neck Maritime Surveillance System Facility ............................................... 23,066 23,066 Navy Norfolk Communications Center .................................................................... 75,289 75,289 Navy Norfolk Electrical Repairs to Piers 2,6,7, and 11 ............................................. 44,254 44,254 Navy Norfolk MH60 Helicopter Training Facility .................................................... 7,134 7,134 Navy Portsmouth Waterfront Utilities .......................................................................... 45,513 45,513 Navy Quantico ATFP Gate ...................................................................................... 5,840 5,840 Navy Quantico Electrical Distribution Upgrade ........................................................ 8,418 8,418 Navy Quantico Embassy Security Guard BEQ & Ops Facility .................................... 43,941 43,941 
Washington 
Navy Bangor Regional Ship Maintenance Support Facility .................................... 0 0 Navy Bangor Wra Land/Water Interface ................................................................ 34,177 34,177 Navy Bremerton Dry Dock 6 Modernization & Utility Improve. ................................... 22,680 22,680 Navy Indian Island Shore Power to Ammunition Pier ...................................................... 4,472 4,472 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCON Design Funds ........................................................................ 91,649 91,649 
Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 22,590 22,590 
Military Construction, Navy Total ........................................................................................................................ 1,605,929 1,361,925 
Alaska 
AF Eielson AFB F–35A Flight Sim/Alter Squad Ops/AMU Facility ............................... 37,000 37,000 AF Eielson AFB Rpr Central Heat & Power Plant Boiler Ph3 ...................................... 34,400 34,400 
Arizona 
AF Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Age Covered Storage ........................................................... 4,700 4,700 AF Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Wash Rack ......................................................................... 12,200 12,200 AF Luke AFB F–35A ADAL Fuel Offload Facility ................................................... 5,000 5,000 AF Luke AFB F–35A Aircraft Maintenance Hangar/Sq 3 .......................................... 13,200 13,200 AF Luke AFB F–35A Bomb Build-up Facility .......................................................... 5,500 5,500 AF Luke AFB F–35A Sq Ops/AMU/Hangar/Sq 4 ....................................................... 33,000 33,000 
Colorado 
AF U.S. Air Force Academy Front Gates Force Protection Enhancements ..................................... 10,000 10,000 
Florida 
AF Cape Canaveral AFS Range Communications Facility ........................................................ 21,000 21,000 AF Eglin AFB F–35A Consolidated HQ Facility ....................................................... 8,700 8,700 AF Hurlburt Field ADAL 39 Information Operations Squad Facility ............................... 14,200 14,200 
Greenland 
AF Thule AB Thule Consolidation Ph 1 ................................................................. 41,965 41,965 
Guam 
AF Joint Region Marianas APR—Dispersed Maint Spares & Se Storage Fac ................................ 19,000 19,000 AF Joint Region Marianas APR—Installation Control Center ..................................................... 22,200 22,200 AF Joint Region Marianas APR—South Ramp Utilities Phase 2 .................................................. 7,100 7,100 AF Joint Region Marianas PAR—LO/Corrosion Cntrl/Composite Repair ...................................... 0 0 AF Joint Region Marianas PRTC Roads .................................................................................... 2,500 2, 500 
Hawaii 
AF Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam F–22 Fighter Alert Facility ............................................................... 46, 000 46,000 
Japan 
AF Yokota AB C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ....................................................... 8,461 8,461 
Kansas 
AF Mcconnell AFB KC–46A ADAL Deicing Pads ............................................................. 4,300 4,300 
Maryland 
AF Fort Meade Cybercom Joint Operations Center, Increment 3 ................................. 86,000 86,000 
Missouri 
AF Whiteman AFB Consolidated Stealth Ops & Nuclear Alert Fac ................................... 29,500 29,500 
Montana 
AF Malmstrom AFB Tactical Response Force Alert Facility .............................................. 19,700 19,700 
Nebraska 
AF Offutt AFB Dormitory (144 Rm) .......................................................................... 21,000 21,000 
Nevada 
AF Nellis AFB F–35A Airfield Pavements ................................................................. 31,000 31,000 AF Nellis AFB F–35A Live Ordnance Loading Area .................................................. 34,500 34,500 AF Nellis AFB F–35A Munitions Maintenance Facilities ........................................... 3,450 3,450 
New Mexico 
AF Cannon AFB Construct AT/FP Gate—Portales ....................................................... 7,800 7,800 AF Holloman AFB Marshalling Area Arm/DE-Arm Pad D .............................................. 3,000 3,000 AF Kirtland AFB Space Vehicles Component Development Lab ..................................... 12,800 12,800 
Niger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3144 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
AF Agadez Construct Airfield and Base Camp .................................................... 50,000 0 
North Carolina 
AF Seymour Johnson AFB Air Traffic Control Tower/Base Ops Facility ...................................... 17,100 17,100 
Oklahoma 
AF Altus AFB Dormitory (120 Rm) .......................................................................... 18,000 18,000 AF Altus AFB KC–46A FTU ADAL Fuel Cell Maint Hangar ..................................... 10,400 10,400 AF Tinker AFB Air Traffic Control Tower ................................................................. 12,900 12,900 AF Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Maintenance Dock ..................................................... 37,000 37,000 
Oman 
AF AL Musannah AB Airlift Apron .................................................................................... 25,000 0 
South Dakota 
AF Ellsworth AFB Dormitory (168 Rm) .......................................................................... 23,000 23,000 
Texas 
AF Joint Base San Antonio BMT Classrooms/Dining Facility 3 .................................................... 35,000 35,000 AF Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 5 ................................................................. 71,000 71,000  
United Kingdom 
AF Croughton RAF Consolidated SATCOM/Tech Control Facility .................................... 36,424 36,424 AF Croughton RAF JIAC Consolidation—Ph 2 ................................................................ 94,191 94,191 
Utah 
AF Hill AFB F–35A Flight Simulator Addition Phase 2 .......................................... 5,900 5,900 AF Hill AFB F–35A Hangar 40/42 Additions and AMU ........................................... 21,000 21,000 AF Hill AFB Hayman Igloos ................................................................................. 11,500 11,500 
Worldwide Classified 
AF Classified Location Long Range Strike Bomber ............................................................... 77,130 77,130 AF Classified Location Munitions Storage ............................................................................ 3,000 3,000  
Worldwide Unspecified 
AF Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................................ 89,16 4 89,164 
AF Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction .......................................... 22,900 22,900 
Wyoming 
AF F. E. Warren AFB Weapon Storage Facility .................................................................. 95,000 95,000 
Military Construction, Air Force Total ................................................................................................................. 1,354,785 1,279,785 
Alabama 
Def-Wide Fort Rucker Fort Rucker ES/PS Consolidation/Replacement .................................. 46,787 46,787 Def-Wide Maxwell AFB Maxwell ES/MS Replacement/Renovation .......................................... 32,968 32,968 
Arizona 
Def-Wide Fort Huachuca JITC Buildings 52101/52111 Renovations ............................................ 3,884 3,884 
California 
Def-Wide Camp Pendleton SOF Combat Service Support Facility ................................................ 10,181 10,181 Def-Wide Camp Pendleton SOF Performance Resiliency Center-West .......................................... 10,371 0 Def-Wide Coronado SOF Logistics Support Unit One Ops Fac. #2 .................................... 47,218 0 Def-Wide Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG Replace Fuel Storage and Distrib. Facilities ...................................... 10,700 10,70 0 
Colorado 
Def-Wide Fort Carson SOF Language Training Facility ...................................................... 8,243 8,243 
Conus Classified 
Def-Wide Classified Location Operations Support Facility ............................................................. 20,065 0 
Delaware 
Def-Wide Dover AFB Construct Hydrant Fuel System ........................................................ 21,600 21,600 
Djibouti 
Def-Wide Camp Lemonier Construct Fuel Storage & Distrib. Facilities ....................................... 43,700 0 
Florida 
Def-Wide Hurlburt Field SOF Fuel Cell Maintenance Hangar ................................................. 17,989 17,989 Def-Wide Macdill AFB SOF Operational Support Facility .................................................... 39,142 39,142 
Georgia 
Def-Wide Moody AFB Replace Pumphouse and Truck Fillstands ......................................... 10,900 10,900 
Germany 
Def-Wide Garmisch Garmisch E/MS-Addition/Modernization ............................................ 14,676 14,676 Def-Wide Grafenwoehr Grafenwoehr Elementary School Replacement ................................... 38,138 38,138 Def-Wide Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Incr 5 ................................................... 85,034 85, 034 
Def-Wide Spangdahlem AB Construct Fuel Pipeline .................................................................... 5,500 5,500 Def-Wide Spangdahlem AB Medical/Dental Clinic Addition ......................................................... 34,071 34,071 Def-Wide Stuttgart-Patch Barracks Patch Elementary School Replacement .............................................. 49,413 49,41 3 
Hawaii 
Def-Wide Kaneohe Bay Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement ................................................... 122,071 90,257 Def-Wide Schofield Barracks Behavioral Health/Dental Clinic Addition ......................................... 123,838 87,800 
Japan 
Def-Wide Kadena AB Airfield Pavements ........................................................................... 37,485 37,485 
Kentucky 
Def-Wide Fort Campbell, Kentucky SOF Company HQ/Classrooms .......................................................... 12,553 12,5 53 
Def-Wide Fort Knox Fort Knox HS Renovation/MS Addition ............................................. 23,279 23,279 
Maryland 
Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Campus Feeders Phase 2 ........................................................ 33,745 33,745 Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Incr 1 .............................................. 34,897 34,897 
Nevada 
Def-Wide Nellis AFB Replace Hydrant Fuel System ........................................................... 39,900 39,900 
New Mexico 
Def-Wide Cannon AFB Construct Pumphouse and Fuel Storage ............................................ 20,400 20,400 Def-Wide Cannon AFB SOF Squadron Operations Facility ................................................... 11,565 11,565 Def-Wide Cannon AFB SOF ST Operational Training Facilities ............................................ 13,146 13,146 
New York 
Def-Wide West Point West Point Elementary School Replacement ....................................... 55,778 55,778 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3145 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
North Carolina 
Def-Wide Camp Lejeune SOF Combat Service Support Facility ................................................ 14,036 14,036 Def-Wide Camp Lejeune SOF Marine Battalion Company/Team Facilities ............................... 54,970 54,970 Def-Wide Fort Bragg Butner Elementary School Replacement ............................................ 32,944 32,944 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF 21 STS Operations Facility ........................................................ 16,863 14,334 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Battalion Operations Facility .................................................... 38,549 38,549 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Indoor Range ........................................................................... 8,303 8,303 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Intelligence Training Center ..................................................... 28,265 28,265 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Special Tactics Facility (Ph 2) ................................................... 43,887 43,887 
Ohio 
Def-Wide Wright-Patterson AFB Satellite Pharmacy Replacement ....................................................... 6,623 6,623 
Oregon 
Def-Wide Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fuel Facilities ..................................................................... 2,500 2, 500 
Pennsylvania 
Def-Wide Philadelphia Replace Headquarters ....................................................................... 49,700 49,700 
Poland 
Def-Wide Redzikowo Base Aegis Ashore Missile Defense System Complex .................................... 169,153 0 
South Carolina 
Def-Wide Fort Jackson Pierce Terrace Elementary School Replacement ................................. 26,157 26,157 
Spain 
Def-Wide Rota Rota ES and HS Additions ................................................................ 13,737 13,737 
Texas 
Def-Wide Fort Bliss Hospital Replacement Incr 7 ............................................................. 239,884 189,884 Def-Wide Joint Base San Antonio Ambulatory Care Center Phase 4 ....................................................... 61,776 61, 776 
Virginia 
Def-Wide Arlington National Cemetery Arlington Cemetery Southern Expansion (DAR) ................................ 0 30,000 Def-Wide Fort Belvoir Construct Visitor Control Center ....................................................... 5,000 5,000 Def-Wide Fort Belvoir Replace Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility .......................................... 4,500 4,500 Def-Wide Joint Base Langley-Eustis Replace Fuel Pier and Distribution Facility ....................................... 28,000 28, 000 
Def-Wide Joint Expeditionary Base Little 
Creek—Story SOF Applied Instruction Facility ...................................................... 23,916 23,916 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Contingency Construction ................................................................ 10,000 0 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions ECIP Design .................................................................................... 10,000 10,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Energy Conservation Investment Program ......................................... 150,000 150,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Exercise Related Minor Construction ................................................. 8,687 8,687 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 3,041 3,041 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 31,628 31,628 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 1,078 1,078 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 27,202 27,202 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 42,183 42,183 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 13,500 13,500 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 5,000 5,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 3,000 3,000 
Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 15,676 15,676 
Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations East Coast Missle Site Planning and Design ...................................... 0 30,000 
Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ......................................................................... .. 31,772 31,772 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total ............................................................................................................ 2,300,767 1,939,879 
Worldwide Unspecified 
NATO NATO Security Investment Pro-
gram NATO Security Investment Program .................................................. 120,000 150,000 
NATO Security Investment Program Total ............................................................................................................ 120,000 150,000 
Connecticut 
Army NG Camp Hartell Ready Building (CST-WMD) ............................................................ 11,000 11,000 
Delaware 
Army NG Dagsboro National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop ....................................... 10,800 0 
Florida 
Army NG Palm Coast National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 18,000 18,000 
Illinois 
Army NG Sparta Basic 10m–25m Firing Range (Zero) ................................................... 1,900 1,900 
Kansas 
Army NG Salina Automated Combat Pistol/MP Firearms Qual Cour ............................. 2,400 2,400 Army NG Salina Modified Record Fire Range ............................................................. 4,300 4,300 
Maryland 
Army NG Easton National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 13,800 13,800 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3146 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
Nevada 
Army NG Reno National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Add/Alt ........................... 8,000 8,000 
Ohio 
Army NG Camp Ravenna Modified Record Fire Range ............................................................. 3,300 3,300 
Oregon 
Army NG Salem National Guard/Reserve Center Bldg Add/Alt (JFHQ) ......................... 16,500 16,500 
Pennsylvania 
Army NG Fort Indiantown Gap Training Aids Center ........................................................................ 16,000 16,000 
Vermont 
Army NG North Hyde Park National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Add ................................ 7,900 7,900 
Virginia 
Army NG Richmond National Guard/Reserve Center Building (JFHQ) ............................... 29,000 29,000 
Washington 
Army NG Yakima Enlisted Barracks, Transient Training .............................................. 19,000 0 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 20,337 20,337 
Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 15,000 15,000 
Military Construction, Army National Guard Total .............................................................................................. 197,237 167,437 
California 
Army Res Miramar Army Reserve Center ........................................................................ 24,000 24,000 
Florida 
Army Res Macdill AFB AR Center/ AS Facility ..................................................................... 55,000 55,000 
Mississippi 
Army Res Starkville Army Reserve Center ........................................................................ 9,300 0 
New York 
Army Res Orangeburg Organizational Maintenance Shop .................................................... 4,200 4,200 
Pennsylvania 
Army Res Conneaut Lake DAR Highway Improvement ............................................................. 5,000 5,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 9,318 9,318 
Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 6,777 6,777 
Military Construction, Army Reserve Total ........................................................................................................... 113,595 104,295 
Nevada 
N/MC Res Fallon Navopsptcen Fallon .......................................................................... 11,480 11,480 
New York 
N/MC Res Brooklyn Reserve Center Storage Facility ........................................................ 2,479 2,479 
Virginia 
N/MC Res Dam Neck Reserve Training Center Complex ...................................................... 18,443 18,443 
Worldwide Unspecified 
N/MC Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCNR Planning & Design ................................................................ 2,208 2,208 
N/MC Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCNR Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................. 1,468 1,468 
Military Construction, Naval Reserve Total .......................................................................................................... 36,078 36,078 
Alabama 
Air NG Dannelly Field TFI—Replace Squadron Operations Facility ...................................... 7,600 7,600 
Arkansas 
Air NG Fort Smith Map Consolidated SCIF ........................................................................... 0 0 
California 
Air NG Moffett Field Replace Vehicle Maintenance Facility ............................................... 6,500 6,500 
Colorado 
Air NG Buckley Air Force Base ASE Maintenance and Storage Facility ............................................. 5,100 5,100 
Georgia 
Air NG Savannah/Hilton Head IAP C–130 Squadron Operations Facility .................................................. 9,000 9,000  
Iowa 
Air NG Des Moines MAP Air Operations Grp/Cyber Beddown-Reno Blg 430 .............................. 6,700 6,700 
Kansas 
Air NG Smokey Hill ANG Range Range Training Support Facilities .................................................... 2,900 2,900 
Louisiana 
Air NG New Orleans Replace Squadron Operations Facility .............................................. 10,000 10,000 
Maine 
Air NG Bangor IAP Add to and Alter Fire Crash/Rescue Station ...................................... 7,200 7,200 
New Hampshire 
Air NG Pease International Trade Port KC–46A Adal Flight Simulator Bldg 156 ............................................. 2,800 2 ,800 
New Jersey 
Air NG Atlantic City IAP Fuel Cell and Corrosion Control Hangar ........................................... 10,200 10,200 
New York 
Air NG Niagara Falls IAP Remotely Piloted Aircraft Beddown Bldg 912 ..................................... 7,700 7,700 
North Carolina 
Air NG Charlotte/Douglas IAP Replace C–130 Squadron Operations Facility ..................................... 9,000 9,000 
North Dakota 
Air NG Hector IAP Intel Targeting Facilities .................................................................. 7,300 7,300 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3147 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
Oklahoma 
Air NG Will Rogers World Airport Medium Altitude Manned ISR Beddown ............................................ 7,600 7,600 
Oregon 
Air NG Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fire Crash/Rescue Station .................................................... 7,200 7,200 
West Virginia 
Air NG Yeager Airport Force Protection- Relocate Coonskin Road ........................................ 3,900 3,900 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Air NG Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................................ 5 ,104 5,104 
Air NG Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 7,734 7,734 
Military Construction, Air National Guard Total ................................................................................................. 123,538 123,538 
Arizona 
AF Res Davis-Monthan AFB Guardian Angel Operations .............................................................. 0 0 
California 
AF Res March AFB Satellite Fire Station ........................................................................ 4,600 4,600 
Florida 
AF Res Patrick AFB Aircrew Life Support Facility ........................................................... 3,400 3,400 
Ohio 
AF Res Youngstown Indoor Firing Range ......................................................................... 9,400 9,400 
Texas 
AF Res Joint Base San Antonio Consolidate 433 Medical Facility ....................................................... 9,900 9,90 0 
Worldwide Unspecified 
AF Res Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................................ 1 3,400 13,400 
AF Res Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction .......................................... 6,121 6,121  
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve Total ..................................................................................................... 46,821 46,821 
Florida 
FH Con 
Army Camp Rudder Family Housing Replacement Construction ........................................ 8,000 8,000 
Germany 
FH Con 
Army Wiesbaden Army Airfield Family Housing Improvements .......................................................... 3,500 3,500 
Illinois 
FH Con 
Army Rock Island Family Housing Replacement Construction ........................................ 20,000 20,000 
Korea 
FH Con 
Army Camp Walker Family Housing New Construction .................................................... 61,000 61,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Con 
Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Family Housing P & D ..................................................................... 7,195 7,195 
Family Housing Construction, Army Total ............................................................................................................ 99,695 99,695 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 25,552 25,552 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leased Housing ................................................................................ 144,879 144,879 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property Facilities ............................................ 75,197 75,197 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 3,047 3,047 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 45,468 45,468 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Military Housing Privitization Initiative ........................................... 22,000 22,000 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous .................................................................................. 840 840 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services ........................................................................................... 10,928 10,928 
FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 65,600 65,600 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Army Total .................................................................................... 393,511 393,511 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Improvements ................................................................................... 150,649 150,649 
FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 9,849 9,849 
Family Housing Construction, Air Force Total ..................................................................................................... 160,498 160,498 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 38,746 38,746 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Housing Privatization ...................................................................... 41,554 41,554 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 28,867 28,867 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3148 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance .................................................................................... 114,129 114,129 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 52,153 52,153 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous Account ..................................................................... 2,032 2,032 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account .............................................................................. 12,940 12,940 
FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account .............................................................................. 40,811 40,811 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Air Force Total ............................................................................. 331,232 331,232 
Virginia 
FH Con Navy Wallops Island Construct Housing Welcome Center ................................................... 438 438 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Con Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Design ............................................................................................. 4,588 4,588 
FH Con Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Improvements ................................................................................... 11,515 11,515 
Family Housing Construction, Navy And Marine Corps Total ............................................................................... 16,541 16,541 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 17,534 17,534 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 64,108 64,108 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property .......................................................... 99,323 99,323 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 56,189 56,189 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous Account ..................................................................... 373 373 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Privatization Support Costs .............................................................. 28,668 28,668 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account .............................................................................. 19,149 19,149 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account .............................................................................. 67,692 67,692 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Navy And Marine Corps Total ....................................................... 353,036 353,036 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 3,402 3,402 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 20 20 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 781 781 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 10,679 10,679 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 41,273 41,273 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property .......................................................... 1,104 1,104 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property .......................................................... 344 344 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 388 388 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account .............................................................................. 31 31 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account .............................................................................. 474 474 
FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account .............................................................................. 172 172 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Defense-Wide Total ....................................................................... 58,668 58,668 
Worldwide Unspecified 
BRAC Base Realignment & Closure, 
Army Base Realignment and Closure .......................................................... 29,691 29,691 
Base Realignment and Closure—Army Total ........................................................................................................ 29,691 29,691 
Worldwide Unspecified 
BRAC Base Realignment & Closure, 
Navy Base Realignment & Closure ............................................................. 118,906 118,906 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–100: Planing, Design and Management ..................................... 7,787 7,787 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–101: Various Locations ............................................................. 20,871 20,871 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3149 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–138: NAS Brunswick, ME ......................................................... 803 803 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–157: Mcsa Kansas City, MO ..................................................... 41 41 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–172: NWS Seal Beach, Concord, CA .......................................... 4,872 4,872 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–84: JRB Willow Grove & Cambria Reg Ap .................................. 3,808 3,808 
Base Realignment and Closure—Navy Total ......................................................................................................... 157,088 157,088 
Worldwide Unspecified 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DOD BRAC Activities—Air Force ...................................................... 64,555 64,555 
Base Realignment and Closure—Air Force Total .................................................................................................. 64,555 64,555 
Worldwide Unspecified 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Air Force ......................................................................................... 0 –52,600 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Army ............................................................................................... 0 –96,000 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Defense-Wide ................................................................................... 0 –134,000 
PYS Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Housing Assistance Program ............................................................. 0 –103,918 
Prior Year Savings Total ............................................................................................................................... ....... 0 –386,518 
Total, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... .. 8,306,510 7,151,000 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVER-
SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2016 
Request House 
Agreement 
Cuba 
Army Guantanamo Bay Unaccompanied Personnel Housing ...................................................... 0 76,000 
Military Construction, Army Total ............................................................................................................................ 0 76,000 
Bahrain 
Navy Bahrain Island Mina Salman Pier Replacement ............................................................ 0 37,700 Navy Bahrain Island Ship Maintenance Support Facility ...................................................... 0 52,091 
Italy 
Navy Sigonella P–8A Hangar and Fleet Support Facility .............................................. 0 62,302 Navy Sigonella Triton Hangar and Operation Facility .................................................. 0 40,641 
Poland 
Navy Redzikowo AEGIS Shore Missile Defense Complex .................................................. 0 51,270 
Military Construction, Navy Total ............................................................................................................................. 0 244,004 
Niger 
AF Agadez Construct Air Field and Base Camp ...................................................... 0 50,000 
Oman 
AF Al Mussanah AB Airlift Apron ....................................................................................... 0 25,000 
Military Construction, Air Force Total ...................................................................................................................... 0 75,000 
Djibouti 
Def-Wide Camp Lemonier Construct Fuel Storage and Distribution Facilities ................................ 0 43,700 
Poland 
Def-Wide Redzikowo AEGIS Shore Missile Defense Complex .................................................. 0 93,296 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total ................................................................................................................ 0 136,996 
Total, Military Construction ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 532,000 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3150 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Author-
ized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation 
Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
Energy Programs 
Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ............................... 135,161 135,161 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National nuclear security administration: 
Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. ........................ 8,846,948 9,084,648 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ................. 1,940,302 1,901,302 
Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. .......................... 1,375,496 1,387,496 
Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. ................... 402,654 396,654 
Total, National nuclear security administration ........................................................................................................ 12,565,400 12,770,100 
Environmental and other defense activities: 
Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ................ 5,527,347 5,143,150 
Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ....................... 774,425 778,625 
Total, Environmental & other defense activities ......................................................................................................... 6,301,772 5,921,775 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ...................................................................................................................... 18,867,172 18,691,875 
Total, Discretionary Funding ............................................................................................................................... ...... 19,002,333 18,827,036 
Nuclear Energy 
Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... ................................ 126,161 126,161 
Used nuclear fuel disposition .................................................................................................. ...................................... 9,000 9,000 
Total, Nuclear Energy ............................................................................................................................... ................. 135,161 135,161 
Weapons Activities 
Directed stockpile work 
Life extension programs 
B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ......................... 643,300 643,300 
W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ......................... 244,019 244,019 
W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... .................................. 220,176 220,176 
W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ........................ 195,037 195,037 
Total, Life extension programs ............................................................................................................................... .... 1,302,532 1,302,532 
Stockpile systems 
B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................. 52,247 73,247 
W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 50,921 50,921 
W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 64,092 64,092 
W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 68,005 68,005 
B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................. 42,177 51,177 
W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 89,299 89,299 
W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 115,685 115,685 
Total, Stockpile systems ............................................................................................................................... ............... 482,426 512,426 
Weapons dismantlement and disposition 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ....................... 48,049 48,049 
Stockpile services 
Production support ............................................................................................................. ............................. 447,527 447,527 
Research and development support ............................................................................................... .................... 34,159 34,159 
R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... ......................... 192,613 203,813 
Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... ................ 264,994 264,994 
Total, Stockpile services ............................................................................................................................... .............. 939,293 950,493 
Nuclear material commodities 
Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................... 32,916 32,916 
Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... .......................... 174,698 183,098 
Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ............................. 107,345 107,345 
Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... ...................... 100,000 100,000 
Total, Nuclear material commodities ......................................................................................................................... 414,959 423,359 
Total, Directed stockpile work ............................................................................................................................... ..... 3,187,259 3,236,859 
Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) 
Science 
Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ............................ 50,714 50,714 
Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ....................... 98,500 120,100 
Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ........................ 109,000 109,000 
Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... .......................... 47,000 47,000 
Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. ..................... 84,400 84,400 
Total, Science ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 389,614 411,214 
Engineering 
Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ .............................. 50,821 51,921 
Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... ............ 17,371 17,371 
Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... .............................. 24,461 26,861 
Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... ........................... 38,724 38,724 
Total, Engineering ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 131,377 134,877 
Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield 
Ignition ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 73,334 67,334 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3151 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Author-
ized 
Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ ...................... 22,843 22,843 
Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... .............. 58,587 58,587 
Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ................... 4,963 4,963 
Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas ........................................................................ ........... 8,900 8,900 
Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... ................... 333,823 322,823 
Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ...................................................................................................... 502,450 485,450 
Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ......................... 623,006 617,006 
Advanced manufacturing 
Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ ................ 112,256 112,256 
Processing technology development .............................................................................................. ..................... 17,800 17,800 
Total, Advanced manufacturing ............................................................................................................................... .. 130,056 130,056 
Total, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 1,776,503 1,778,603 
Readiness in technical base and facilities (RTBF) 
Operating 
Program readiness .............................................................................................................. .............................. 75,185 75,185 
Material recycle and recovery .................................................................................................. ......................... 173,859 173,859 
Storage ........................................................................................................................ .................................... 40,920 40,920 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... ................................ 104,327 104,327 
Total, Operating ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 394,291 394,291 
Construction: 
15–D–302, TA–55 Reinvestment project, Phase 3, LANL ............................................................................ ........... 18,195 18,195 
11–D–801 TA–55 Reinvestment project Phase 2, LANL .............................................................................. ........... 3,903 3,903 
07–D–220 Radioactive liquid waste treatment facility upgrade project, LANL ..................................................... . 11,533 11,533 
07–D–220-04 Transuranic liquid waste facility, LANL ............................................................................ ............. 40,949 40,949 
06–D–141 PED/Construction, Uranium Capabilities Replacement Project Y–12 ..................................................... 43 0,000 430,000 
04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy replacement project, LANL .................................................................... ..... 155,610 155,610 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 660,190 660,190 
Total, Readiness in technical base and facilities ........................................................................................................ 1,054,481 1,054,481 
Secure transportation asset 
Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ............................... 146,272 146,272 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 105,338 105,338 
Total, Secure transportation asset .............................................................................................................................. 251,610 251,610 
Infrastructure and safety 
Operations of facilities 
Kansas City Plant .............................................................................................................. .............................. 100,250 100,250 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ................ 70,671 70,671 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ..................... 196,460 196,460 
Nevada National Security Site .................................................................................................. ........................ 89,000 89,000 
Pantex ......................................................................................................................... ................................... 58,021 58,021 
Sandia National Laboratory ..................................................................................................... ........................ 115,300 115,300 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ............................ 80,463 80,463 
Y–12 National security complex ................................................................................................. ........................ 120,625 120,625 
Total, Operations of facilities ............................................................................................................................... ...... 830,790 830,790 
Safety operations .............................................................................................................. ..................................... 107,701 107,701 
Maintenance .................................................................................................................... ..................................... 227,000 251,000 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... ...................................... 257,724 407,724 
Construction: 
16–D–621 Substation replacement at TA–3, LANL .................................................................................. ............. 25,000 25,000 
15–D–613 Emergency Operations Center, Y–12 ..................................................................................... ............... 17,919 17,919 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 42,919 42,919 
Total, Infrastructure and safety ............................................................................................................................... .. 1,466,134 1,640,134 
Site stewardship 
Nuclear materials integration .................................................................................................. ............................... 17,510 17,510 
Minority serving institution partnerships program .............................................................................. ..................... 19,085 19,085 
Total, Site stewardship ............................................................................................................................... ................ 36,595 36,595 
Defense nuclear security 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................. 619,891 631,891 
Construction: 
14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NV ............................................................... ......... 13,000 13,000 
Total, Defense nuclear security ............................................................................................................................... .... 632,891 644,891 
Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... .............................. 157,588 157,588 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ..................................... 283,887 283,887 
Total, Weapons Activities ............................................................................................................................... ............. 8,846,948 9,084,648 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D 
Global material security ....................................................................................................... ............................ 426,751 336,751 
Material management and minimization ........................................................................................... ................. 311,584 331,584 
Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ...................... 126,703 126,703 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3152 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Author-
ized 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... .................. 419,333 439,333 
Nonproliferation Construction: 
99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ...................................................................... 345,000 345,000 
Total, Nonproliferation construction .......................................................................................................................... 345,000 345,000 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs .................................................................................................... 1,629,371 1,579,371 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ..................................... 94,617 94,617 
Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ...................... 234,390 245,390 
Use of prior-year balances ..................................................................................................... ....................................... –18,076 –18,076 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .................................................................................................................... 1,940,302 1,901,302 
Naval Reactors 
Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ............................. 445,196 445,196 
Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... ..................................... 444,400 444,400 
Ohio replacement reactor systems development ................................................................................... ........................... 186,800 186,800 
S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ....................................... 133,000 133,000 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .......................................... 45,000 45,000 
Construction: 
15–D–904 NRF Overpack Storage Expansion 3 ...................................................................................... .................... 900 900 
15–D–903 KL Fire System Upgrade ................................................................................................ .......................... 600 600 
15–D–902 KS Engineroom team trainer facility ................................................................................... ...................... 3,100 3,100 
14–D–902 KL Materials characterization laboratory expansion, KAPL .............................................................. ........ 30,000 30,000 
14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ................ 86,000 98,000 
10-D–903, Security upgrades, KAPL .............................................................................................. .......................... 500 500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 121,100 133,100 
Total, Naval Reactors ............................................................................................................................... .................. 1,375,496 1,387,496 
Federal Salaries And Expenses 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .......................................... 402,654 396,654 
Total, Office Of The Administrator ............................................................................................................................. 402,654 396,654 
Defense Environmental Cleanup 
Closure sites: 
Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ................................. 4,889 4,889 
Hanford site: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... .................. 196,957 268,957 
Central plateau remediation: 
Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... ......................... 555,163 555,163 
Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... ..................... 14,701 14,701 
Construction: 
15–D–401 Containerized sludge removal annex, RL ................................................................................ ............. 77,016 77,016 
Total, Hanford site ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 843,837 915,837 
Idaho National Laboratory: 
Idaho cleanup and waste disposition ............................................................................................ .......................... 357,783 357,783 
Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ...................... 3,000 3,000 
Total, Idaho National Laboratory .............................................................................................................................. 360,783 360,783 
NNSA sites 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ...................... 1,366 1,366 
Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 62,385 62,385 
Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... .............................. 2,500 2,500 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ........................... 188,625 188,625 
Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ....................................................................................................................... 254,876 254,876 
Oak Ridge Reservation: 
OR Nuclear facility D & D 
OR Nuclear facility D & D ...................................................................................................... ......................... 75,958 75,958 
Construction: 
14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ ........ 6,800 6,800 
Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D ............................................................................................................................... . 82,758 82,758 
U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... ................................ 26,895 26,895 
OR cleanup and disposition: 
OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ......................... 60,500 60,500 
Total, OR cleanup and disposition ............................................................................................................................. 60,500 60,500 
OR reservation community and regulatory support ................................................................................ ........................ 4,400 4,400 
Solid waste stabilization and disposition 
Oak Ridge technology development ............................................................................................... ............. 2,800 2,800 
Total, Oak Ridge Reservation ............................................................................................................................... ...... 177,353 177,353 
Office of River Protection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3153 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request House 
Author-
ized 
Waste treatment and immobilization plant 
01–D–416 A-D/ORP-0060 / Major construction ..................................................................................... ................ 595,000 595,000 
01–D–16E Pretreatment facility ................................................................................................. ........................ 95,000 95,000 
Total, Waste treatment and immobilization plant ...................................................................................................... 690,000 690,000 
Tank farm activities 
Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ ............... 649,000 649,000 
Construction: 
15–D–409 Low Activity Waste Pretreatment System, Hanford ....................................................................... . 75,000 75,000 
Total, Tank farm activities ............................................................................................................................... .......... 724,000 724,000 
Total, Office of River protection ............................................................................................................................... ... 1,414,000 1,414,000 
Savannah River sites: 
Savannah River risk management operations ...................................................................................... .................... 386,652 398,252 
SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ ........................ 11,249 11,249 
Radioactive liquid tank waste: 
Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ............ 581,878 581,878 
Construction: 
15–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #6 ............................................................................................ ............. 34,642 34,642 
05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River ........................................................................ ...... 194,000 194,000 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 228,642 228,642 
Total, Radioactive liquid tank waste .......................................................................................................................... 810,520 810,520 
Total, Savannah River site ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,208,421 1,220,021 
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 
Waste isolation pilot plant .................................................................................................... .................................. 212,600 212,600 
Construction: 
15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ......................................................... 23,218  23,218 
15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... .......... 7,500 7,500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 30,718 30,718 
Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................... 243,318 243,318 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .......................................... 281,951 281,951 
Program support ................................................................................................................ .......................................... 14,979 14,979 
Safeguards and Security: 
Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ................................. 17,228 17,228 
Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 8,216 8,216 
Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ....................................... 8,492 8,492 
Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... .................................. 67,601 67,601 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ .................................. 128,345 128,345 
Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ................................ 4,860 4,860 
West Valley .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1,891 1,891 
Technology development ......................................................................................................... ..................................... 14,510 18,510 
Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup ................................................................................................................... 5,055,550 5,143,150 
Uranium enrichment D&D fund contribution ....................................................................................... ......................... 471,797 0 
Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup ....................................................................................................................... 5,527,347 5,143,150 
Other Defense Activities 
Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ....................................... 221,855 226,055 
Environment, health, safety and security 
Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ......................... 120,693 120,693 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 63,105 63,105 
Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ......................................................................................................... 183,798 183,798 
Enterprise assessments 
Enterprise assessments ......................................................................................................... .................................. 24,068 24,068 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 49,466 49,466 
Total, Enterprise assessments ............................................................................................................................... ...... 73,534 73,534 
Office of Legacy Management 
Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ................................. 154,080 154,080 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 13,100 13,100 
Total, Office of Legacy Management ........................................................................................................................... 167,180 167,180 
Defense-related activities 
Defense related administrative support 
Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ .................................... 35,758 35,758 
Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... .................................. 83,800 83,800 
Management ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 3,000 3,000 
Total, Defense related administrative support ............................................................................................................ 122,558 122,558 
Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. .................................... 5,500 5,500 
Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................................... 774,425 778,625 
Total, Other Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... ..... 774,425 778,625 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3154 May 14, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to the amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–112 and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 260. 
Each amendment printed in the re-
port shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
It shall be in order at any time for 
the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Such amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 68, line 18, strike ‘‘ SEC. 2463a. ASSIGN -
MENT OF CERTAIN NEW REQUIREMENTS BASED ON  
DETERMINATIONS OF COST -EFFICIENCY .’’ and in-
sert ‘‘ § 2463a. Assignment of certain new re-
quirements based on determinations of cost- efficiency ’’. 
Page 68, line 25, strike ‘‘Armed Forces’’ 
and insert ‘‘armed forces’’. 
Page 69, line 5, strike ‘‘(‘‘‘Estimating and 
Comparing the Full Costs of Civilian and Ac-tive Duty Military Manpower and Contract Support’’’)’’ and insert ‘‘(‘Estimating and Comparing the Full Costs of Civilian and Ac-tive Duty Military Manpower and Contract Support’)’’. 
Page 69, line 14, strike ‘‘Armed Forces’’ 
and insert ‘‘armed forces’’. 
Page 95, line 1, strike ‘‘
SEC. 116. OPER -
ATIONAL USE OF THE NATIONAL GUARD .’’ and in-
sert ‘‘ § 116. Operational use of the National 
Guard ’’. 
Page 99, line 15, strike extraneous 
quotation marks. 
Page 103, line 5, strike ‘‘section 101’’ and 
insert ‘‘section 101(a)(5)’’. 
Page 132, line 6, strike ‘‘or12406’’ and insert 
‘‘or 12406’’. 
Page 134, line 9, strike ‘‘semicolon’’ and in-
sert ‘‘period’’. 
Page 144, beginning line 19, strike para-
graphs (44), (45), and (46). 
Page 145, beginning line 24, strike para-
graph (48). 
Page 148, line 14, insert a comma after 
‘‘(D)’’. 
Page 148, line 15, insert a comma after 
‘‘(C)’’. 
Page 152, line 2, strike ‘‘section 206’’ and 
insert ‘‘section 3121’’. 
Page 188, line 19, strike two of the four 
quotation marks. Page 239, line 2, strike ‘‘Subsection (e)(1)’’ 
and insert ‘‘Subsection (e)(2)’’. 
Page 241, strike lines 12 and 13 and insert 
the following: 
SEC. 593. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING SUP-
PORT FOR MILITARY DIVERS. 
Page 243, strike lines 9 and 10. 
Page 243, lines 17 through 19, strike ‘‘and 
supports the Department of Defense to des-ignate 2015 as the Year of the Military Diver’’ and insert ‘‘the Department of De-fense’’. 
Page 314, line 10, strike the semicolon in 
the quoted matter. 
Page 368, line 5 strike ‘‘as amended by sec-
tion 9 of this Act’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by subsection (b)(1)’’. 
Page 394, line 25, strike ‘‘by adding at the 
end’’ and insert ‘‘by striking the item relat-ing to section 2222 and inserting’’. 
Page 457, line 15, strike ‘‘subsection (m)’’ 
and insert ‘‘subsection (l)’’. 
Page 478, line 8, insert ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘air 
lift,’’. 
Page 478, line 8, strike ‘‘, and intelligence, 
surveillance, and reconnaissance’’ 
Page 490, line 10, insert ‘‘as enacted into 
law by’’ before ‘‘Public Law’’. 
Page 490, line 16, strike ‘‘26’’ and insert 
‘‘261’’. 
Page 495, line 6, insert ‘‘Defense’’ after 
‘‘National’’. 
Page 496, line 7, before the period insert 
the following: ‘‘, and the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 83 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to that section’’. 
Page 500, line 17, insert ‘‘subchapter I of’’ 
before ‘‘chapter 21’’. 
Page 501, line 8, strike ‘‘Section 9314a(b)’’ 
and insert ‘‘Subsection (d)(4) of section 9314a, as redesignated by section 591(a) of this Act,’’. 
Page 564, line 18, strike ‘‘be a country for 
purposes of meeting’’ and insert ‘‘meet’’. 
Page 623, line 9, strike ‘‘301’’ and insert 
‘‘1504’’. 
Page 623, line 10, strike ‘‘4301’’ and insert 
‘‘4303’’. 
Page 623, line 16, strike ‘‘301’’ and insert 
‘‘1504’’. 
Page 623, line 17, strike ‘‘4301’’ and insert 
‘‘4303’’. 
Page 623, line 23, strike ‘‘301’’ and insert 
‘‘1504’’. 
Page 623, line 24, strike ‘‘4301’’ and insert 
‘‘4303’’. 
Page 693, line 1, strike ‘‘for’’ and insert ‘‘at 
the beginning of’’. 
Page 693, line 5, strike ‘‘inserting’’ and in-
sert ‘‘adding’’. 
Page 697, line 23, strike ‘‘2016 through 2020’’ 
and insert ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. 
Page 726, line 7, insert ‘‘a’’ after ‘‘fielding’’. Page 726, line 8, strike ‘‘alternatives’’. Page 776, line 8, strike ‘‘by redesigning’’ 
and insert ‘‘by redesignating’’. 
Page 827, after line 10, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2016 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Page 850, line 25, strike ‘‘, as amended by 
section 3118, is further’’ and insert ‘‘is’’. 
Page 907, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘AIRCRAFT SURVIV-ABILITY DEVELOPMENT’’, strike ‘‘93,112’’ and insert ‘‘78,112’’. 
Page 907, in the table of section 4201, under 
the heading ‘‘AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT’’, strike the entry ‘‘Con-cept development by the Army of a CPGS op-tion ..................... [15,000]’’. 
Page 908, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DE-VELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION’’, strike 
‘‘2,144,450’’ and insert ‘‘2,129,450’’. 
Page 909, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL RESEARCH, DE-VELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY’’ , strike ‘‘7,024,678’’ and insert ‘‘7,009,678’’. 
Page 911, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS’’, strike ‘‘135,217’’ and insert ‘‘120,217’’. 
Page 911, in the table of section 4201, under 
the heading ‘‘SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYS-TEMS’’, strike the entry ‘‘Concept develop-ment ..............................[15,000]’’. 
Page 911, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DE-VELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION’’, strike ‘‘6,335,800’’ and insert ‘‘6,320,800’’. 
Page 912, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL RESEARCH, DE-VELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY’’, strike ‘‘16,652,223’’ and insert ‘‘16,637,223’’. 
Page 918, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT’’, strike ‘‘78,817’’ and insert ‘‘108,817’’. 
Page 918, in the table of section 4201, under 
the heading ‘‘PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT’’, insert the following entries (with the dollar amounts aligned under the ‘‘House Authorized’’ col-umn): 
Concept development by the Army of a 
CPGS option.......................[15,000] 
Concept development by the Navy of a 
CPGS option.......................[15,000] 
Page 918, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DE-VELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION’’, strike the second ‘‘545,258’’ (under the ‘‘House Au-thorized’’ column) and insert ‘‘575,258’’. 
Page 919, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL RESEARCH, DE-VELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW’’, strike ‘‘18,547,081’’ and insert ‘‘18,577,081’’. 
Page 924, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘Unobligated balances’’, strike ‘‘-286,400’’ and insert ‘‘-37,400’’. 
Page 924, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIB-UTED’’, strike ‘‘-338,200’’ and insert ‘‘- 89,200’’. 
Page 924, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS’’, strike ‘‘4,269,874’’ and insert ‘‘4,518,874’’. 
Page 925, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘Unobligated balances’’, 
strike ‘‘-37,400’’ and insert ‘‘-286,400’’. 
Page 925, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIB-UTED’’, strike ‘‘-813,600’’ and insert ‘‘- 1,062,600’’. 
Page 925, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE’’, strike ‘‘30,890,956’’ and insert ‘‘30,641,956’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, the manager’s amend-
ment makes several technical, con-forming, and clarifying changes to the bill. It has been drafted in full con-sultation with the minority and is co-sponsored by the ranking member, Mr. S
MITH. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.068 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3155 May 14, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting Chair. Without objection, 
the gentleman is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, this is the manager’s amendment. I agree completely with what the chairman just said, technical corrections that we ought to support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, insert 
the following new section: 
SEC. 1 ll. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT 
FOR CERTAIN NUMBER OF AIR-CRAFT CARRIERS OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5062(b) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘11’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1023 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2447) is repealed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, it is currently stated 
in permanent law the Navy, under law, must maintain at all times 11 aircraft carriers. That is an arbitrary restric-tive requirement—perhaps, they should have more; perhaps, they should have less. 
My amendment would simply grant 
the Navy the flexibility to choose their needs and requirements in a rapidly evolving world, setting the floor of 10 carriers, rather than 11. 
It is important to point out that the 
Navy is currently operating under a waiver from this very law for 10 active carriers anyway. My amendment sim-ply conforms the underlying law to the reality that already exists. 
In some ways, this amendment is 
really about giving the Navy control over spending choices. Aircraft carriers are expensive. Everybody knows that. At its heart, this amendment is about empowering the Navy to help deter-mine its own fate in evolving and how we can best put our sailors in the best position to combat present and future threats. 
I don’t think any of us in Congress 
can sit here today and see what the fu-ture of naval warfare is. We might see 
an open ocean conflict in 10 years, or we might see shallow waterways under duress in 30 years. 
To be sure, carriers have played a 
historic role in establishing a naval dominance we enjoy today, but so did battleships of decades past. We can’t let ourselves be mired in our past suc-cess, even though, today, we no longer have a single battleship in the force. 
The point being, the threats of the 
next 30 years will evolve. Carriers like-ly will be an important part of that equation, but they are not a perfect tool for every threat. 
As former Secretary Gates himself 
said: 
Consider the massive overmatch the U.S. 
already enjoys. Consider, too, the growing antiship capabilities of adversaries. Do we really need 11 carrier strike groups for 30 years when no other country has more than one? 
I don’t think we, as a political body, 
are here to answer that; but I think by removing the arbitrary limit that forces the Navy at all times—unless they have a waiver—to have 11 active aircraft carrier groups prevents the Navy from evolving with the times. 
We face a number of threats, whether 
it is fighting ISIS in the Middle East or ongoing operations in Afghanistan or rising threats from Asia or global pi-racy, but it is clear these threats re-quire a broad range of tools, not just the largest and most expensive tool that we can find. 
b1630 
Aircraft carriers are likely to remain 
necessary and are an essential tool of force projection. They help us maintain our status as the first station to arrive on the scene, and they are often the first persons on the scene in the con-flict as part of carrier strike groups. All of the tools the Navy needs cost money. When you are looking at un-manned aircraft assets that can deploy from other types of ships, just as with the battleships of yesteryear, there was a time when our carriers were invin-cible. Naval experts aren’t so sure any-more. 
It is not that these challenges can’t 
be overcome. We have faced challenges before, but requiring the Navy to keep 11 carriers for the next several decades in permanent law is an arbitrary min-imum and limits the Navy’s flexibility to make the critical spending decisions to maximize our national security. 
We know we can’t afford everything, 
certainly not if we play by the budget rules and caps that we, ourselves, have written, so let’s not make this whole thing harder by arbitrarily requiring 11 carriers for political reasons rather than maximizing our national defense. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ), the distinguished 
chairman of the Readiness Sub-committee. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, when 
a crisis arises and American lives and interests are at risk, the first question decisionmakers ask is: Where are the carriers? 
An 11 aircraft carrier fleet is central 
to U.S. defense and diplomatic policy. A robust fleet of carriers makes Ronald Reagan’s timeless adage of ‘‘peace through strength’’ possible. 
Recently, the USS Theodore Roosevelt 
responded to Iran’s seizure of a cargo ship, and its actions helped to keep the vital shipping lanes in the Middle East safe and open. The Roosevelt continues 
to sail in the gulf, and its courageous crew is currently conducting oper-ations against ISIS. 
The USS Roosevelt provides a perfect 
example of the crucial role aircraft carriers play in the defense and in the prosperity of our Nation. To reduce our aircraft carrier fleet puts our ability to defend our Nation and our critical in-terest around the globe at risk. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), the ranking 
member of the Seapower and Projec-tion Forces Subcommittee. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, just 
to reiterate the prior point, a few weeks ago, the Iranian Government at-tempted to send a fleet of ships bearing arms for Houthi rebels in Yemen, a mission that would further drive that region into a dangerous failed state. Luckily, for the world, the USS Theo-
dore Roosevelt , a Navy aircraft carrier, 
led a carrier group into the waters off Yemen and blocked the delivery of those weapons. 
It is the quintessential platform: an 
aircraft carrier that can respond to ex-ternal threats, such as the one a few weeks ago, at a time when there is a resurgent Russian Navy that is back, intruding on the territorial waters of Scandinavian allies, when a Chinese PLA Navy is creating island military outposts in international waters, and, as was mentioned earlier, when ISIS’ advance is being confronted by U.S. airstrikes flown off U.S. carriers. 
Cutting our fleet to 10 from 11 will 
cripple our Nation’s ability to respond to these challenges and will reverse last year’s decision by Congress to re-fuel the George Washington ahead of schedule to ensure the capability of an 11-ship fleet. Nothing in the testimony we have heard in the House Armed Services Committee suggests that the Navy can get by with fewer carriers. In fact, it is the exact opposite. Eleven is the minimum we need in order to meet the missions of today and in the future. 
The Seapower report on carriers is a 
balanced plan for America’s carrier fleet. Let’s vote this amendment down and move forward with that plan. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.069 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3156 May 14, 2015 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, may I in-
quire as to how much time remains. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Colorado has 11⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
At multiple points over the last 5 
years, the Navy has only had 10 car-riers. They actually had to request a waiver from the current law. This is ri-diculous to put the Navy through this political decisionmaking process rath-er than a military decision process about the number of carrier groups that exist. 
On a basic level, this idea of statu-
torily requiring weapons for future dec-ades makes very little sense. Do we tell the Army, ‘‘You need precisely X num-ber of tanks for Desert Storm; there-fore, you have to have ‘this many’ tanks for the next 30 years’’? Do we tell the Air Force, ‘‘You need ‘this many’ helicopters for Somalia; therefore, you have to have exactly ‘this many’ re-gardless of changing threats or chal-lenges or budgetary realities’’? 
That is exactly what this amendment 
will help change in order to give the naval force the flexibility it needs to meet the changing dangers of the world. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
While I respect the sponsor’s intent 
on reducing spending, shrinking our carrier fleet is not the way to do it. 
Our fleet of aircraft carriers is the 
envy of the world because of the power and capability that they bring to bear. A fleet of 11 carriers allows the United States to be a powerful force of sta-bility around the globe, that keeps sea lanes open and protects our merchant fleet against hostile governments and piracy. They allow our troops to re-spond quickly to natural disasters and humanitarian crises all over the world. 
Reducing the number of aircraft car-
riers would have bad consequences. It would reduce our ability to protect ourselves and our interests abroad. It would have a dramatic impact on the morale of men and women who serve on them as longer deployments place an unfair burden on these sailors; and it would result in longer and more expen-sive maintenance to be conducted, re-ducing the time the vessels are able to react when needed. 
For these reasons and others, I must 
urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
The Department of Defense is in the 
midst of a major reality check as the global threat changes, as budgets shrink, and as new technologies emerge, but where we go from here should be up to our naval experts, not Congress. At $14.2 billion apiece, one 
less carrier would allow the Navy to prioritize other programs, like increas-ing the capabilities of less costly, un-manned assets. 
This amendment is about breaking 
down the walling off of defense spend-ing for political reasons. We should be enabling those charged with our na-tional defense to make the decisions they need to make for national inter-ests. It simply doesn’t stand up to the commonsense test that we would re-quire in law an arbitrary number of carriers, so I urge the adoption of my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, in clos-
ing, I do agree with the gentleman that it is difficult to project what our seapower needs would be out two dec-ades down the road or even a decade down the road, but we must try. That is why you will see a bipartisan opposi-tion to his amendment. 
One thing about each of the individ-
uals who spoke in opposition to his amendment is that I sit side by side with them in classified hearings and in nonclassified hearings as we try to make those projections, because, under the Constitution, we have to raise Ar-mies and we have to maintain Navies, and to create the carriers that we would need would take 6 to 9 years. We don’t have that option when we need them. 
Had we not stepped in as a Congress, 
we would never have had a carrier with the strike capability, because the Pen-tagon actually wanted them for ISR capabilities. Had Congress not stepped in, we wouldn’t have had Tomahawk missiles because the Pentagon actually was not going to try to produce them. Without Congress’ stepping in, we would not have had jointness. 
The reason we have to step in for this 
number of carriers is that, as you have heard mentioned, if we don’t have these carriers, we will automatically go from 7 months deployment for our sailors on these carriers to as many as 9 months or 10 months—an extra 2 to 3 months. Ask those families what an imposition that is. 
The second thing, Mr. Chairman, is, 
if we don’t have them, we will have gaps in the national defense of this country. As my friend Mr. C
OURTNEY  
mentioned, just recently, we had a car-rier out there for 54 days, fighting ISIL, when we had no other capabili-ties of doing it. Had we not had that carrier, we would have had difficulties as a country. 
The third thing is, by not having 
these carriers, we run our other car-riers harder, faster, and burn them out more. Essentially, we are consuming the next generation’s national defense. 
The final thing, Mr. Chairman, is, if 
you were to look just a few years ago, our commanders around the globe were able to meet 90 percent of the require-ments they needed for the United States Navy. This year, we will only meet 44 percent of those requirements. If we allow this amendment, there will 
be a commander somewhere who won’t have that carrier group when he needs it. I hope we defeat this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 18, 19, 20, 25, 29, 36, 76, and 94 printed in House Report No. 114–112, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 136. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE 
OCONUS BASING OF THE F–35A AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Department of Defense is con-
tinuing its process of permanently sta-tioning the F–35 aircraft at installations in the Continental United States (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘CONUS’’) and forward- basing Outside the Continental United States (in this section referred to as ‘‘OCONUS’’). 
(2) The Secretary of the Air Force has, 
from a list of bases which included two United States candidate bases in Alaska and three foreign OCONUS candidate bases, se-lected Eielson Air Force Base as the pre-ferred alternative for two of Pacific Air Force’s F-35A Lightning II squadrons in Alaska. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, in the strategic basing process for the F–35A aircraft, should continue to place em-phasis on the benefits derived from sites that— 
(1) are capable of hosting fighter-based bi-
lateral and multilateral training opportuni-ties with international partners; 
(2) have sufficient airspace and range capa-
bilities and capacity to meet the training re-quirements; 
(3) have existing facilities to support per-
sonnel, operations, and logistics associated with the flying mission; 
(4) have limited encroachment that would 
adversely impact training or operations; and 
(5) minimize the overall construction and 
operational costs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
WASHINGTON  
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 302. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS FOR THE OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.072 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3157 May 14, 2015 
Secretary of Defense an additional $25,000,000 
for the Office of Economic Adjustment to be available, until expended and notwith-standing any other provision of law, for transportation infrastructure improvements associated with congestion mitigation in urban areas related to recommendations of the 2005 Defense Base Closure and Realign-ment Commission. 
(b) F
UNDING OFFSET .—Notwithstanding the 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amounts specified in the fund-ing table in section 4301 of division D, relat-ing to Operation and Maintenance, are each hereby reduced by $5,000,000 (for a total of $25,000,000), as follows: 
(1) Army, Line 540. (2) Navy, Line 720. (3) Marine Corps, Line 210. (4) Air Force, Line 470. (5) Defense-wide, Line 340. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER OF  
INDIANA  
Page 68, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 317. COMPREHENSIVE STUDY ON IMPACT OF 
PROPOSED OZONE RULE. 
Not earlier than 5 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive study on the impact of any final rule that succeeds the proposed regulation entitled National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone (published at 79 Fed. Reg. 75234) on military readiness, including the impact of such rule on training exercises, military installations, land owned and operated by the Department of Defense, the infrastructure upon which the national security system relies, and the impact military activities may have on at-tainment designations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . TAKAI OF  
HAWAII  
At the end of subtitle F of title V (page 227, 
after line 19), add the following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. MARINER TRAINING. 
Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) S PECIAL RULES FOR MARINER DUTIES .— 
(1) The program required by subsection (a) shall ensure to the greatest extent prac-ticable that— 
‘‘(A) members of the armed forces whose 
duties are primarily as a mariner receive training opportunities necessary to meet the requirements for licenses, certificates of reg-istry, and merchant mariners’ documents issued under part E of subtitle II of title 46, and to acquire a Convention on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping for Seafarers endorsement to such licenses and documents; 
‘‘(B) such members assigned to a vessel’s 
deck and engineering departments have a designated path to meet the requirements for such licenses, documents, and endorse-ment commensurate with their positional re-sponsibilities; 
‘‘(C) courses in marine navigation, leader-
ship, operation, and maintenance taken while such a member is in the armed forces are submitted to the National Maritime Cen-ter for use in assessments of the fulfillment by the member of the requirements for re-ceiving such licenses, documents, and en-dorsement; and 
‘‘(D) such members in the deck and engi-
neering departments have the opportunity to attend merchant mariner credentialing pro-grams that meet training requirements not offered by the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of the department in 
which the Coast Guard is operating shall en-sure that any assessment of the training and 
experience of an applicant who is or has been a member of the armed forces is conducted without any limitation related to the mem-ber’s military pay grade.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. ATOMIC VETERANS SERVICE MEDAL. 
(a) S ERVICE MEDAL REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall design and produce a military service medal, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Medal’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEDAL .— 
(1) I SSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM -
BERS .—At the request of a radiation-exposed 
veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. 
(2) I
SSUANCE TO NEXT -OF-KIN.—In the case 
of a radiation-exposed veteran who is de-ceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the next-of-kin of the person. 
(3) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall pre-
pare and disseminate as appropriate an ap-plication by which radiation-exposed vet-erans and their next-of-kin may apply to re-ceive the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA OF  
NEW YORK  
At the end of subtitle E of title VI, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 6 ll. AVAILABILITY FOR PURCHASE OF DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEMORIAL HEADSTONES AND MARKERS FOR MEMBERS OF RE-SERVE COMPONENTS WHO PER-FORMED CERTAIN TRAINING. 
Section 2306 of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(i)(1) The Secretary shall make available 
for purchase a memorial headstone or mark-er for the marked or unmarked grave of an individual described in paragraph (2) or for the purpose of commemorating such an indi-vidual whose remains are unavailable. 
‘‘(2) An individual described in this para-
graph is an individual who— 
‘‘(A) as a member of a National Guard or 
Reserve component performed inactive duty training or active duty for training for at least six years but did not serve on active duty; and 
‘‘(B) is not otherwise ineligible for a me-
morial headstone or marker on account of the nature of the individual’s separation from the Armed Forces or other cause. 
‘‘(3) A headstone or marker for the grave of 
an individual may be purchased under this subsection by— 
‘‘(A) the individual; ‘‘(B) the surviving spouse, child, sibling, or 
parent of the individual; or 
‘‘(C) an individual other than the next of 
kin, as determined by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs. 
‘‘(4) In establishing the prices of the 
headstones and markers made available for purchase under this section, the Secretary shall ensure the prices are sufficient to cover the costs associated with the production and delivery of such headstones and markers. 
‘‘(5) No person may receive any benefit 
under the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs solely by reason of this subsection. 
‘‘(6) This subsection does not authorize any 
new burial benefit for any person or create any new authority for any individual to be buried in a national cemetery. ‘‘(7) The Secretary shall coordinate with 
the Secretary of Defense in establishing pro-cedures to determine whether an individual is an individual described in paragraph (2).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KLINE OF  
MINNESOTA  
Page 285, after line 16, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 705. ACCESS TO TRICARE PRIME FOR CER-
TAIN BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) A CCESS .—Section 732(c)(3) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 U.S.C. 1097a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) R
ESIDENCE AT TIME OF ELECTION .— 
‘‘(A) Except as provided by subparagraph 
(B), an affected eligible beneficiary may not make the one-time election under paragraph (1) if, at the time of such election, the bene-ficiary does not reside— 
‘‘(i) in a ZIP code that is in a region de-
scribed in subsection (d)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) within 100 miles of a military medical 
treatment facility. 
‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A)(ii) shall not apply 
with respect to an affected eligible bene-ficiary who— 
‘‘(i) as of December 25, 2013, resides farther 
than 100 miles from a military medical treat-ment facility; and 
‘‘(ii) is such an eligible beneficiary by rea-
son of service in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps.’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 1406 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4501, is hereby in-creased by $4,000,000. 
(2) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts 
set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amounts authorized to be appropriated in section 301 for operation and maintenance, Navy, Line 040, Air Operations and Safety Support, MV–22 Fleet Engineering Support Unfunded Requirement, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4301, is hereby reduced by $4,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following new section: 
SEC. 7 ll. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of De-fense Healthcare Management Systems Mod-ernization, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes the certification required by section 713(g)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note). 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
OF NEW JERSEY  
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 7 ll. PRIMARY BLAST INJURY RESEARCH. 
The peer-reviewed Psychological Health 
and Traumatic Brain Injury Research Pro-gram shall conduct a study on blast injury mechanics covering a wide range of primary blast injury conditions, including traumatic brain injury, in order to accelerate solution development in this critical area. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
TEXAS  
Page 311, line 2, after ‘‘shall’’ insert ‘‘cover 
the entire Federal Government and’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.021 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3158 May 14, 2015 
Page 311, line 17, strike ‘‘Secretary and’’ 
and insert ‘‘Secretary,’’. 
Page 311, line 18, after ‘‘committees’’ insert 
‘‘, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . CHABOT OF  
OHIO 
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add 
the following new section: 
SEC. 8 ll. MODIFICATION TO AND SCORECARD 
PROGRAM FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONTRACTING GOALS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO GOVERNMENTWIDE GOAL 
FORSMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION IN PRO-
CUREMENT CONTRACTS .—Section 15(g)(1)(A)(i) 
of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(A)(i) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In meeting this goal, the Government shall ensure the participation of small business concerns from a wide variety of industries and from a broad spectrum of small business concerns within each indus-try.’’. 
(b) S
CORECARD PROGRAM FOR EVALUATING  
FEDERAL AGENCY COMPLIANCE WITHSMALL  
BUSINESS CONTRACTING GOALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 
30, 2016, the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration, in consultation with the Federal agencies, shall— 
(A) develop a methodology for calculating 
a score to be used to evaluate the compliance of each Federal agency with meeting the goals established pursuant to section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)); and 
(B) develop a scorecard based on such 
methodology. 
(2) A
GENCY ANNUAL GOAL .—In developing 
the methodology for calculating a score de-scribed in paragraph (1), the Administrator shall consider each annual goal established by each Federal agency pursuant to section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)). 
(3) U
SE OF SCORECARD .—Beginning in fiscal 
year 2017, the Administrator shall establish and carry out a program to use the scorecard developed under paragraph (1) to evaluate whether each Federal agency is creating the maximum practicable opportunities for the award of prime contracts and subcontracts to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women, by assigning a score to each Federal agency. If the Administrator fails to establish and carry out this program before the end of fiscal year 2017, the Admin-istrator may not exercise the authority under section 7(a)(25)(A) until such time as the program is implemented. 
(4) C
ONTENTS OF SCORECARD .—The score-
card developed under paragraph (1) shall in-clude, for each Federal agency, the following information: 
(A) A determination of whether the Fed-
eral agency met each of the prime contract goals established pursuant to section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)) with respect to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(B) A determination of whether the Fed-
eral agency met each of the subcontract goals established pursuant to such section 
with respect to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans, quali-fied HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(C) The number of small business concerns, 
small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans, quali-fied HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women awarded prime con-tracts in each North American Industrial Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number award-ed contracts during the prior fiscal year, if 
available. 
(D) The number of small business concerns, 
small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans, quali-fied HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women awarded sub-contracts in each North American Industrial Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number award-ed contracts during the prior fiscal year, if available. 
(E) Any other factors that the Adminis-
trator deems important to achieve the max-imum practicable utilization of small busi-ness concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(5) W
EIGHTED FACTORS .—In using the score-
card to evaluate and assign a score to a Fed-eral agency, the Administrator shall base— 
(A) fifty percent of the score on the dollar 
value of prime contracts described in para-graph (4)(A); and 
(B) fifty percent of the score on the infor-
mation provided in subparagraphs (B) through (E) of paragraph (4), weighted in a manner determined by the Administrator to encourage the maximum practicable oppor-tunity for the award of prime contracts and subcontracts to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans, quali-fied HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(6) P
UBLICATION .—The scorecard used by 
the Administrator under this subsection shall be submitted to the President and Con-gress along with the report submitted under section 15(h)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(h)(2)). 
(7) R
EPORT .—After the Administrator sub-
mits the scorecard for fiscal year 2018, but not later than March 31, 2019, the Adminis-trator shall report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate. Such re-port shall include the following: 
(A) A description of any increase in the 
dollar amount of prime contracts and sub-contracts awarded to small business con-cerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals, and small business 
concerns owned and controlled by women. 
(B) A description of any increase in the 
dollar amount of prime contracts and sub-contracts awarded to small business con-cerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women in each North American Industrial Classifica-tion System code. 
(C) A description of any increase to the 
number of small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business con-cerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women awarded contracts in each North American Industrial Classification System code. 
(D) The recommendation of the Adminis-
trator on continuing, modifying, expanding, or terminating the program established under this subsection. 
(8) GAO 
REPORT ON SCORECARD METHOD -
OLOGY .—Not later than September 30, 2018, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate a report that— 
(A) evaluates whether the methodology 
used to calculate a score under this sub-section accurately and effectively— 
(i) measures the compliance of each Fed-
eral agency with meeting the goals estab-lished pursuant to section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)); and 
(ii) encourages Federal agencies to expand 
opportunities for mall business concerns, small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans, quali-fied HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women to compete for and be awarded Federal procurement contracts across North American Industrial Classifica-tion System Codes; and 
(B) if warranted, makes recommendations 
on how to improve such methodology to im-prove its accuracy and effectiveness. 
(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. 
(B) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘agency’’ by section 551(1) of title 5, United States Code, but does not include the United States Postal Service or the Government Ac-countability Office. 
(C) S
CORECARD .—The term ‘‘scorecard’’ 
shall mean any summary using a rating sys-tem to evaluate a Federal agency’s efforts to meet goals established under section 15(g)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1)(B)) that— 
(i) includes the measures described in para-
graph (4); and 
(ii) assigns a score to each Federal agency 
evaluated. 
(D) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT DEFINITIONS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The terms ‘‘small business 
concern’’, ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’’, ‘‘qualified HUBZone small business con-cern’’, and ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by women’’ shall have the meanings given such terms under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.021 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3159 May 14, 2015 
(ii) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERNS OWNED AND  
CONTROLLED BY SOCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY  
DISADVANTAGED INDIVIDUALS .—The term 
‘‘small business concern owned and con-trolled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals’’ has the meaning given that term under section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)). 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
Page 474, after line 17, insert the following: 
SEC. 1060. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
REALIGNMENT OF FORCES AT OR CLOSURE OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense may be used, during the pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to— 
(1) close or abandon United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
(2) relinquish control of Guantanamo Bay 
to the Republic of Cuba; or 
(3) modify the Treaty Between the United 
States of America and Cuba signed at Wash-ington, D.C. on May 29, 1934, including a modification of the boundaries of Guanta-namo Bay, unless ratified with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA OF  
NEW YORK  
Page 485, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 10 ll. REPORT ON THE STATUS OF DETEC-
TION, IDENTIFICATION, AND DIS-ABLEMENT CAPABILITIES RELATED TO REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report addressing the suitability of existing capabilities to detect, identify, and disable remotely piloted air-craft operating within special use and re-stricted airspace. The report shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the degree to which 
existing capabilities to detect, identify, and potentially disable remotely piloted aircraft within special use and restricted airspace are able to be deployed and combat prevailing threats. 
(2) An assessment of existing gaps in capa-
bilities related to the detection, identifica-tion, or disablement of remotely piloted air-craft within special use and restricted air-space. 
(3) A plan that outlines the extent to which 
existing research and development programs within the Department of Defense can be le-veraged to fill identified capability gaps and/ or the need to establish new programs to ad-dress such gaps as are identified pursuant to paragraph (2). 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . KLINE OF  
MINNESOTA  
In section 1090, redesignate subsections (a) 
through (d) as subsections (b) through (e), re-spectively, and insert before subsection (b), as so redesignated, the following: 
(a) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that in order to ensure the safety and security of members of the Armed Forces of the United States overseas— 
(1) members of the Armed Forces of the 
United States should have the proper author-ized resources at all times to protect them-selves while participating in an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate abroad; and 
(2) no restrictions should be placed on the 
ability of members of the Armed Forces of the United States to maintain on their per-son and use authorized weapons and equip-ment for personal and evacuee security at all 
times and to take authorized protective ac-tions subject to applicable law and orders from the chain of command, during an or-dered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
NEW YORK  
At the end of subtitle C of title XII (page 
570, after line 23), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REPORT TO ASSESS THE POTENTIAL 
EFFECTIVENESS OF AND REQUIRE-MENTS FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF SAFE ZONES OR A NO-FLY ZONE IN SYRIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) March 2015 marked the fourth year of 
the crisis in Syria, which has resulted in the world’s largest ongoing humanitarian dis-aster. 
(2) Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and 
supporting militias, including Hezbollah, continue to carry out sectarian mass atroc-ities, which have included mass targeted killings, mass graves, the extermination of entire families, including their children, in-cidents of ethnic cleansing, sexual violence, widespread torture, aerial bombardment of residential areas, and forced displacement of certain Syrian civilians especially from areas in western Syria where Assad is at-tempting to increase the dominance of his own loyalists. 
(3) Approximately 220,000 people have been 
killed, including thousands of children, many more have been seriously wounded, and civilian casualties continue to mount as widespread and systematic attacks on schools, hospitals, and other civilian facili-ties persist in violation of international norms and principles. 
(4) Assad’s forces and supporting militias 
have used air power to target Syrian civil-ians, including the deployment of barrel bombs filled with explosives, shrapnel, and chemical weapons. 
(5) Assad’s forces, supporting militias, and 
other parties to the conflict are systemati-cally blocking humanitarian aid delivery, in-cluding food and medical care, from many ci-vilian areas in violation of international norms and principles. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees a re-port that— 
(A) assesses the potential effectiveness, 
risks, and operational requirements of the establishment and maintenance of a no-fly zone over part or all of Syria, including— 
(i) the operational and legal requirements 
for United States and coalition air power to establish a no-fly zone in Syria; 
(ii) the impact a no-fly zone in Syria would 
have on humanitarian and counterterrorism efforts in Syria and the surrounding region; 
(iii) the potential for force contributions 
from other countries to establish a no-fly zone in Syria; and 
(iv) the impact of the establishment of a 
no-fly zone in Syria on the recipients of training provided by section 1209 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541); and 
(B) assesses the potential effectiveness, 
risks, and operational requirements for the establishment of one or more safe zones in Syria for internally displaced people or for the facilitation of humanitarian assistance, including— 
(i) the operational and legal requirements 
for United States and coalition forces to es-tablish one or more safe zones in Syria; (ii) the impact one or more safe zones in 
Syria would have on humanitarian and counterterrorism efforts in Syria and the surrounding region; 
(iii) the potential for contributions from 
other countries and vetted non-state actor partners to establish and maintain one or more safe zones in Syria; and 
(iv) the impact of the establishment of one 
or more safe zones in Syria on the recipients of training provided by section 1209 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541). 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. 
(3) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended— 
(1) to implement any action or policy that 
recognizes the de jure or de facto sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea, its airspace, or its territorial waters; or 
(2) to provide assistance for the central 
government of a country that has taken af-firmative steps intended to recognize or oth-erwise be supportive of the Russian Federa-tion’s forcible and illegal occupation of Cri-mea. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the restriction on assistance required by subsection (a)(2) if the Secretary certifies and reports to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives that to do so is in the national interest of the United States. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The requirements of sub-
section (a) shall cease to be in effect if the Secretary of Defense certifies and reports to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives that the armed forces of the Russian Federation have withdrawn from Crimea and the Government of Ukraine has reestablished sovereignty over Crimea. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MRS . DAVIS OF  
CALIFORNIA  
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII 
(page 775, after line 19), add the following new section: 
SEC. 28 ll. SPECIAL AUTHORITY FOR MINOR 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS FOR CHILD DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAM FACILITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) C HILD DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM FACILI -
TIES.—(1) Using such amounts as may be ap-
propriated to the Secretary concerned in ad-vance for operation and maintenance to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.021 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3160 May 14, 2015 
carry out this subsection, the Secretary con-
cerned may carry out an unspecified minor military construction project that— 
‘‘(A) has an approved cost equal to or less 
than $15,000,000, notwithstanding subsections (a) and (c); and 
‘‘(B) creates, expands, or modifies a child 
development program facility serving chil-dren under 13 years of age. 
‘‘(2) The approval and congressional notifi-
cation requirements of subsection (b) shall apply to an unspecified minor military con-struction project carried out pursuant to paragraph (1), except that, paragraph (1) of subsection (b) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘$7,500,000’ for ‘$1,000,000’. 
‘‘(3) The authority to commence an unspec-
ified minor military construction project pursuant to paragraph (1) expires September 30, 2018.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . SCALISE OF  
LOUISIANA  
Page 400, after line 23, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 865. EXCEPTION FOR ABILITYONE PROD-
UCTS FROM AUTHORITY TO AC-QUIRE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRODUCED IN AFGHANISTAN, CEN-TRAL ASIAN STATES, AND DJIBOUTI. 
(a) E XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ITEMS NOTPRO-
DUCED IN AFGHANISTAN .—Section 886 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and ex-
cept as provided in subsection (d),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR ITEMS ON THE  
ABILITY ONEPROCUREMENT LIST.—The re-
quirements of this section shall not apply to any product that is included in the procure-ment list described in section 8503(a) of title 41.’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ITEMS NOTPRO-
DUCED IN CENTRAL ASIAN STATES .—Section 
801 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111-84; 123 Stat. 2400) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and ex-
cept as provided in subsection (h),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(h) E
XCEPTION FOR ITEMS ON THE  
ABILITY ONEPROCUREMENT LIST.—The re-
quirements of this section shall not apply to any product that is included in the procure-ment list described in section 8503(a) of title 41.’’. 
(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ITEMS NOTPRO-
DUCED IN DJIBOUTI .—Section 1263 of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘and ex-
cept as provided in subsection (g),’’ after ‘‘subsection (c),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR ITEMS ON THE  
ABILITY ONEPROCUREMENT LIST.—The re-
quirements of this section shall not apply to any product that is included in the procure-ment list described in section 8503(a) of title 41.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
NEW YORK  
Page 548, line 22, after ‘‘through 2018’’ in-
sert ‘‘while also maintaining a focus on the protection of human rights’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R OURKE ) 
each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
There are, I believe, 19 amendments 
in this en bloc package from both Re-publicans and Democrats. Both Repub-licans and Democrats have contributed to this bill, and I hope all of the Mem-bers who have sponsored the 19 amend-ments that are included in this pack-age will vote for the final passage of the bill, because, if you get an amend-ment adopted but then you vote against the final passage, you have pretty much negated your own work. I hope that is not the case. I hope Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle support its final passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendments. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 10 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I thank the ranking 
member, and I thank the chairman for including my amendment in the en bloc set of amendments. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment would 
simply create a service medal to be awarded to atomic veterans or their surviving family members in honor of their service and sacrifice to our Na-tion. 
Between 1945 and 1962, 225,000 mem-
bers of our Armed Forces participated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. The atomic veterans were placed in ex-tremely dangerous areas, constantly exposed to dangerous levels of radi-ation in the performance of their du-ties. They were sworn to secrecy, un-able to even talk to their doctors about their past exposure to radiation. 
Thankfully, Presidents Clinton and 
George H. W. Bush recognized the atomic veterans’ valiant service and acted to provide specialized care and compensation for their harrowing duty. 
One of my constituents, Joe 
Mondello from Shrewsbury, Massachu-setts, is an atomic veteran and is very proud of his service to our country. Like me, he believes it is past time for the Defense Department to honor with a medal the unique service carried out by atomic veterans. 
The DOD has claimed that it would 
be too difficult to identify which vet-erans would be awarded this medal. Thankfully, the U.S. Code clearly iden-tifies exactly which veterans are con-sidered atomic veterans. 
This is a good amendment, and I urge 
the support of it. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the distin-
guished House majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. I thank the gentleman 
from Texas for yielding the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to present an 
amendment that is bipartisan and that deals with AbilityOne agencies. The Department of Defense has cre-
ated three procurement programs for Afghanistan, central Asian states, and Djibouti to support businesses and local economies in these countries and to cultivate positive relationships in the region and the world. The problem is, while I surely appreciate their in-tentions, there have been unintended consequences with this program in im-plementing these programs. 
The GSA has allowed businesses lo-
cated in these countries to supply prod-ucts manufactured by AbilityOne agen-cies, which employ blind and disabled Americans. The result of that policy has been devastating to many of these AbilityOne agencies across the coun-try. We have seen job losses here in America in implementing this new pol-icy by the Department of Defense. 
This amendment addresses the prob-
lem of these job losses by exempting those AbilityOne agencies from this Department of Defense procurement program. If you look at what has hap-pened with this program, we have seen facilities not only in Louisiana but in States like New York, Texas, Ohio, Kansas, North Carolina, Nebraska, and Washington all experience job losses here in America from shipping those jobs over to foreign countries. 
Again, I think—or I surely would 
hope—that that was not the intention of the program, Mr. Chairman, to take jobs away from disabled Americans and ship those jobs overseas. 
b1645 
So what this amendment does is re-
store those jobs back here in America for those blind and other disabled Americans who have one of the highest underemployment populations in the country. Let’s keep those jobs here. We can continue building relations with other countries, but just not at the ex-pense of American jobs for disabled workers. That is what the amendment does. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to yield 
to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), who is a cosponsor. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman, the majority whip, for yielding to me. I rise in sup-port of this bipartisan amendment. 
This amendment basically exempts 
AbilityOne products from certain DOD procurement programs in this legisla-tion. These procurement programs have severely affected Louisiana’s dis-abled workers in the recent past, and in Louisiana alone these programs have forced disabled workers to be laid off to the tune of approximately $18 million in lost revenue, so while I be-lieve it is important to support these critical overseas partners that we have as they rebuild their economies, we also need to focus on jobs here at home. That is why I have cosponsored this. It is a commonsense amendment. It is revenue neutral. I strongly believe that this amendment will allow AbilityOne disabled workers nation-wide to hold on to jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.021 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3161 May 14, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the distin-
guished minority whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank both 
Mr. S MITH, the ranking member, and 
Mr. T HORNBERRY , the chairman of this 
committee, for working very hard on this bill. Both of them are responsible leaders in this House and work well to-gether to make sure that our national security is well served. I regret, there-fore, that I will be opposing this bill for reasons that I will discuss. 
Both have been fighting tirelessly for 
the defense authorization bill that gives our troops the tools they need to achieve their mission’s objectives, en-hance our national security, and bol-ster key U.S. partners. These are, of course, positive aspects of this bill. 
I particularly commend my friend 
G
WENGRAHAM for authoring an amend-
ment that will help develop a joint U.S.-Israeli anti-tunneling system, which is included in this bill. Rep-resentative M
ARC VEASEY had an 
amendment adopted in committee that asked the Pentagon to explore the ef-fects of the DACA program on military recruitment. Congressman G
ALLEGO  
worked hard to get language included in the bill expressing the sense of Con-gress that DREAMers, undocumented immigrants who were brought here as children, ought to be able to serve the country they love in our military and be rewarded for that service with a chance to stay here legally. 
I think that is common sense. Some 
across the aisle have made it their mis-sion to remove that language from the bill. I urge my colleagues to defeat that amendment, given how important these issues are and that the language in the bill does not force the Defense Department to take any action it does not deem to be in the best interests of the national security. The amendment striking this provision, as I said, ought to be defeated. 
The bill contains provisions that con-
tinue to prevent President Obama, however, from finally closing the de-tention center at Guantanamo Bay. Not only does that facility cost tax-payers $2.4 million per detainee. I know my budget hawks think, well, $2.4 mil-lion to keep one person in jail for a year, that makes sense. I disagree with you on that if you think that. But not only does it cost way too much, it is a blot against our country in the eyes of the world and in the hearts of so many of our own citizens here at home. 
Furthermore, in his budget request, 
the President laid out a path to lift the sequester level, which is undermining our national security. Hear me. The se-quester that this bill honors by excep-tion is undermining the national secu-rity of America. 
This bill, however, perpetuates the 
sequester for everything except that which some think is important. I share their view that national security is critically important. For 34 years in 
the authorization bills and on the ap-propriation bills, I have been a strong supporter of a robust national security, whether it was President Reagan or President Bush or President Clinton or President Bush or, yes, President Obama. 
I do not yield to anybody on this 
floor in my support of national secu-rity over those three-and-a-half dec-ades, but our national security is being put at risk because we are honoring se-quester in this bill. Not only are we honoring sequester in this bill, we are, in fact—for the investments in edu-cation, in infrastructure, in the envi-ronment—undermining our country’s well-being. For that reason alone, I will vote against this bill until we fix the sequester and take care of Amer-ica’s national security. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
Mr. Chairman, I, too, regret that the 
distinguished minority whip has cho-sen not to support this bipartisan legis-lation. It is absolutely true that this bill does not fix sequester for all those nondefense issues, and as I mentioned yesterday, I think there are a lot of people on both sides of the aisle who would like to find something better than the Budget Control Act—with the caps and sequester—to deal with our budgeting. 
But that is not what a defense au-
thorization bill is or does or can do. So the idea that we would hold our mili-tary and their pay and their weapons and the policies involved hostage in the hopes that we can put enough pressure to have the President and Congress somehow come together to fix all these other problems, I just think that is un-realistic, and I am afraid that that is not fair to the people we support with this legislation. I think that is an un-fortunate political tactic that some have chosen to take that puts our men and women at greater risk. They ought to get better from us. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, my 
amendment would direct the Depart-ment of Defense to conduct a study on blast injury mechanics covering a wide range of primary blast injury condi-tions, including traumatic brain in-jury, in order to accelerate solution de-velopment in this critical area. 
As the co-chair and cofounder of the 
Congressional Brain Injury Task Force, I have spent the last 14 years fighting for patients with brain injuries, both on and off the battlefield. We all know that TBI is the signature wound of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, and while we have made great progress on ensuring our soldiers have the best care, there is still more work to be done. 
The DOD’s peer-reviewed Psycho-
logical Health and Traumatic Brain In-jury Research Program conducts exten-sive research on TBI. However, little is 
known about a primary blast injury and its connection to TBI. Researchers still do not know the exact mecha-nisms by which a primary blast injury damages the brain cells and circuits. Understanding how a primary blast in-jury affects the brain is imperative to developing appropriate prevention measures, including ensuring proper equipment. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment in the en bloc. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of the en bloc amend-ment and the underlying bill. My amendment language would simply re-quire a study of the effects of any final EPA ozone rule on our military readi-ness. 
Mr. Chairman, we all want a healthy 
planet, but we must also recognize the real world consequences of any regula-tions that we pass. For example, ac-cording to NERA Economic Consulting, stricter ozone standards could reduce U.S. GDP by $1.7 trillion over 20 years, killing 340,000 jobs in Indiana alone. 
The EPA ozone rule will no doubt af-
fect our military readiness as well. Es-timates show 11 million acres of land under DOD control could be impacted. Tighter ozone standards could force imposition of new emission controls on our military vehicles. Military air bases could be impacted as well. No matter what you think of the EPA ozone rule, we should all agree that we ought to know how the final rule im-pacts our military readiness. 
Congress has no more important re-
sponsibility than protecting our na-tional security. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
Mr. ENGEL. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of three measures I offered that are part of this and a later en bloc amendment. 
First is an amendment I coauthored 
with the Committee on Foreign Affairs chairman, E
DROYCE . For more than 4 
years, the Assad regime has rained down terror on its own citizens in the form of barrel bombs in Syria. Thou-sands upon thousands of Syrians have abandoned their homes and spilled across the border into Lebanon, Tur-key, and Jordan. They are begging the world for help. While it wouldn’t nearly solve this problem, a no-fly zone or a safe zone would provide a glimmer of hope for these people. Our amendment would require the Pentagon leaders to take a hard look at the feasibility of establishing a no-fly zone. 
My second amendment would require 
the Pentagon to report to Congress on the way reductions in U.S. military 
readiness in Europe would affect NATO’s core mission of collective de-fense. This report would be required be-fore any reduction in Europe takes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.076 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3162 May 14, 2015 
place. I view Vladimir Putin’s aggres-
sion as the greatest threat to European security since World War II. Today, NATO’s article 5 must remain a cred-ible deterrent. My amendment takes a step in that direction. 
Finally, I offered legislation to make 
sure U.S. training programs for Afghan National Security Forces include train-ing on the protection of human rights. Since the defeat of the Taliban in 2001, not enough has been done to make human rights protections a priority for law enforcement agencies in Afghani-stan. This issue should be a major part of our training efforts. 
I urge my colleagues to support these 
provisions. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. H
ANNA ). 
Mr. HANNA. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, across our Nation, 
aviation is quickly changing. Today, basic unmanned aircraft can be pur-chased for a few hundred dollars, flown virtually anywhere by an operator with little or no experience. 
When a small quadcopter landed on 
the east lawn of the White House in January, we saw the potential danger of such aircraft. In my district, the Air Force Research Laboratory in Rome, New York, working with NUAIR, is one of the six FAA test sites in the country to integrate these systems into our na-tional airspace. We are on the cutting edge of advances in UAVs, unmanned aerial aircraft. My amendment would simply require the Secretary of De-fense to conduct a departmentwide re-view of its current capacities to detect, identify, and remotely disarm un-manned aircraft. 
It would further require the Sec-
retary to examine how the Department of Research and Development resources can be leveraged to enhance these ca-pacities. Within the Department of De-fense, some of our Nation’s most ad-vanced research is taking place. 
I appreciate the committee’s recogni-
tion and including this in the en bloc. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend 
for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of a bipartisan amendment I intro-duced with my colleague, the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). This 
amendment prohibits the authorization of funds to implement any action that recognizes Russian sovereignty over the Crimea. The language mirrors my legislation, H.R. 93, the Crimea Annex-ation Non-recognition Act, which passed out of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs unanimously. 
b1700 
It also is consistent with language 
included in the CR/Omnibus signed into law in December. 
Russia’s illegal annexation of Crimea 
undermines Ukrainian sovereignty and sets a dangerous precedent that cannot 
be overstated. The U.S. must make a simple, declarative statement on Rus-sia’s illegal annexation. This bipar-tisan amendment does just that. 
I also want to thank the Armed Serv-
ices Committee leadership and staff for working with us on three other amend-ments that promote monitoring and evaluation for humanitarian assistance programs, improve management of in-formation technology projects, and fos-ter better communication between gov-ernment and industry. 
I thank both Mr. T
HORNBERRY and 
Mr. S MITH for their leadership. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), chair of the Small 
Business Committee. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today as chair-
man of the House Small Business Com-mittee to support the en bloc amend-ment, which includes the bipartisan amendment offered by Mr. C
ONNOLLY of 
Virginia and myself. It is really com-monsense acquisition reform. 
There are numerous small business 
contracting programs aimed at ensur-ing that the Department of Defense has a reliable small business technological and industrial base, but we rarely look at the results of these programs. The current method used to assess the health of the small business base fo-cuses almost exclusively on one factor, and that is prime contract dollars. 
While this is an important factor, we 
are missing a lot of the picture. For ex-ample, the current method ignores the fact that since 2013 we have lost over 25 percent of the small firms registered to do business with the Federal Govern-ment. That is over 100,000 small busi-nesses that are no longer competing for contracts. 
We also have a declining small busi-
ness participation rate, which threat-ens the core principle of competition. It is basic supply and demand: when there are fewer offers, prices go up. And that harms the taxpayer. That is what we are trying to deal with. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI). 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Chairman, this bi-
partisan amendment will help men and women in the armed services that gain experience in maritime trades during their military career to transition into careers in the U.S. merchant marine so they can continue to serve our coun-try. 
This program will provide access to 
training opportunities necessary to meet the requirements for licenses and certificates of registry. 
The program established by my 
amendment will help build on past suc-cesses, allowing the tens of thousands of currently serving military service-members in the maritime trades to leave the military fully licensed to serve in the U.S. merchant marine. We can fix this now and, in doing so, 
not only allow already qualified serv-icemembers a better opportunity to find a job, but a chance to continue to ensure our national security. 
A strong, domestic maritime indus-
try is a critical component of our na-tional security strategy. We must en-sure that an adequate supply of mari-ners is available to support this indus-try. This not only preserves American security, but it preserves American jobs. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I would simply note 
that I am pleased to support the amendments that we have just dis-cussed en bloc. 
I noticed the amendments offered by 
our Democratic colleagues include such important issues as Russia, trau-matic brain injury, a Syrian no-fly zone, human rights in Afghanistan, and maritime job training. All are impor-tant issues, and I appreciate the con-tributions of all the Members who au-thored these amendments, who pre-sented them, and who have argued for them here before the House. 
I hope, Mr. Chairman, that all of 
those Members will not just throw away the results of their efforts by vot-ing against final passage because vot-ing against final passage essentially means all of this work that they have put in goes for nothing. 
Members on both sides of the aisle 
have contributed to this product. Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle need to contribute to having it become law. 
With that, I encourage Members on 
both sides to support the en bloc pack-age, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I take the 
chairman’s point, but it is one that really doesn’t make any sense from a legislative standpoint. 
Anybody who has ever voted knows 
that you can like portions of a bill and still vote against the bill. I don’t think there is a legislator alive who hasn’t ever been in that position. 
So this idea that if you get some-
thing, anything, however small in the bill, you are then somehow morally ob-ligated to vote for it, goes against every aspect of legislating that I have ever seen. 
It is our constant challenge as legis-
lators that we have pieces of legisla-tion before us where there is a lot in it that we like and there is some in it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.077 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3163 May 14, 2015 
that we don’t like. And you have got to 
decide. 
So I reject the argument that if you 
get something in this bill, you have to vote for it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent to reclaim the balance of the time that I yielded back. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
appreciate the point that the gen-tleman made. My point is that for 53 years this product has been the result of bipartisan effort. And never before, I don’t believe, have we had a party deci-sion to oppose the NDAA in order to try to leverage it for some purpose out-side of defense. And yet that is what is happening here. 
So my point is simple. I appreciate 
the contributions that Members on both sides have made. It is not some little something that the Members have just gotten in here. These are im-portant issues: traumatic brain injury, Russia, Syria, human rights, maritime job training. They are significant con-tributions. 
But my point is not necessarily a 
moral one, it is a practical one. You work to get these amendments in-cluded in the bill, but then if you vote against the bill and it goes down in de-feat, what have you accomplished? Nothing. 
So I hope that Members on both sides 
who have made contributions and who do support a strong military will rethink the position that they are being asked to take with this bill. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 538 (page 179, beginning line 
6), relating to a sense of the House of Rep-resentatives regarding Secretary of Defense review of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding enlisting certain aliens in the Armed Forces. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), chair-
man of the House Armed Services Com-mittee 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the Brooks amend-ment. I opposed the Gallego amend-ment when it was considered in com-mittee, and I remain opposed to bring-ing the sensitive issue of immigration into the defense authorization bill. 
There are Members on both sides of 
the aisle with a variety of positions when it comes to immigration, but a Defense Authorization Act is not the appropriate time or place to have this debate. 
Remember, the Gallego language 
does not change any law. It is a sense of Congress that the Secretary should review existing authorities. So having sensitive debate when there can be no result that changes anything only dis-tracts from the essential provisions in this bill that do matter to our troops and our Nation’s security. 
I notice that the chairman of the 
Senate Armed Services Committee has said publicly: ‘‘We’re not going to do anything on immigration in the NDAA.’’ That is my view as well. 
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I support 
the Brooks amendment to remove this provision now so that we can better focus on the things that are essential for our troops and our security. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, the 
DREAMers in this country are deeply patriotic. 
For many, America is the only coun-
try they have ever known. It is the country they love and call home. Many want nothing more than the chance to serve the United States in uniform. 
The Brooks amendment cruelly seeks 
to deny these talented young people that opportunity. It would strike my amendment encouraging the Secretary of Defense to use his authority under existing law to enable DACA recipients to enlist. 
If we approve this amendment, we 
leave the deeply unjust status quo un-changed. Right now, in America, DREAMers can be drafted into the military, but they can’t sign up to serve in the military force they choose. That is simply unacceptable. These young people are Americans in every respect, except on paper. 
I fought in Iraq, and I know what 
really matters on the battlefield isn’t whether you have the right papers; it is whether you have the heart to fight, patriotism for your country, and the right character. 
Mr. Chairman, for the good of our 
country, I hope we will defeat this deeply misguided Brooks amendment. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding, and I sup-port his amendment. 
The House should not take action to 
legitimize the President’s unconstitu-tional overreach regarding immigra-tion, especially that of creating a pro-gram to defer removal for an entire class of hundreds of thousands of un-lawful aliens. 
The gentleman’s amendment is nec-
essary to preserve the Congress’ con-stitutionally guaranteed plenary power over immigration law and policy. 
Whether and how to deal with unlaw-
ful aliens brought to the U.S. as minors by their parents is a question that we should debate thoroughly. And any leg-islative efforts regarding these individ-uals should move through regular order in the House Judiciary Committee, which has jurisdiction over immigra-tion law and policy. 
Legitimate concerns must be consid-
ered when discussing this issue, not the least of which is whether the parents who brought the minor to the U.S. ille-gally should be able to ultimately ben-efit from the illegal activity by becom-ing permanent residents based on the legal status of the minor they brought here illegally in the first place. As the policy currently stands, that will hap-pen if any Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals recipient enlists in the military. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tlewoman from the great State of Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ). 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair, 
Jesus said that there is no greater love than to lay down your life for your friend. Abraham Lincoln said that giv-ing your life for your country is the last full measure of devotion. And that is why I am opposed to this amend-ment. 
I am proud that, in America, citizen-
ship means something. It is worthy to be earned. Amnesty, to me, means giv-ing it away, and I don’t support that. 
I do support the ability to earn citi-
zenship. If a person has the courage and conviction to take the oath and to join our Nation’s warriors to defend you and me, what more can they do to prove their allegiance? 
The military is not a jobs program. 
And if someone through their merit and hard work earns acceptance into that elite fighting force, where they could die defending you and me, then I leave you with this question: What country’s flag would you have draped on the casket of that brave soul? 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) of the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my friend from Alabama for yielding, and I support his amendment. 
The House already has voted against 
the President’s executive amnesty sev-eral times. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.078 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3164 May 14, 2015 
The language this amendment seeks 
to strike would legitimize the Presi-dent’s unlawful immigration actions, which violates Congress’ constitutional authority over immigration policy. Serving in our military forces and de-fending our country should be a privi-lege reserved for those who are citizens and legal U.S. residents. 
I hope my colleagues will support 
this amendment and tell the President: No more unlawful actions on immigra-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will re-
mind Members to refrain from engag-ing in personalities toward the Presi-dent. 
b1715 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ). 
Mr. AGUILAR. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, our men and women 
who risk their lives every day to keep our country safe and free deserve the utmost respect and admiration. They are tasked with a responsibility far greater than the rest of us. 
It takes bravery and honor to put 
their lives on the line every day to pro-tect our Nation and to promote our ideals of liberty and freedom. I believe we can all agree on this. 
What I cannot believe or understand 
is that some of my Republican col-leagues think that it is fair to punish those who want to take on this coura-geous responsibility simply because they have not yet been granted full citizenship. 
My colleague from Arizona’s amend-
ment passed out of committee and merely recognizes the willingness of DREAMers, young people brought to this country as children, to serve in the military for the country they love. For most, this is the only country they have ever known. We shouldn’t allow our broken immigration system to stand in the way of their distinguished military service. 
I urge opposition to the Brooks 
amendment. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve the balance of my time for closing. How much time do I have? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Alabama has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, who has the right to close on this amendment? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Washington has the right to close. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, Americans in our Armed Forces are being hammered with layoffs and reductions in force. Representative G
ALLEGO ’s amendment to the NDAA 
worsens their plight. 
Over the past 5 years, 92,000 Armed 
Forces positions were eliminated. This year, 28,000 military positions will be eliminated. Over the next 4 years, an-
other 38,000 military positions will be cut. 
Between 2010 and 2019, the Armed 
Forces will eliminate a total of 158,000 uniformed personnel positions, thereby costing American citizens and lawful immigrants 158,000 military service op-portunities. 
What is the result? Americans serv-
ing around the world today have been handed ‘‘pink slips’’ while they are risking their lives for America. That is outrageous. 
For emphasis, there is no military re-
cruitment and retention deficit that justifies supplanting Americans and lawful immigrants with illegal aliens. 
In 2014, every branch of the mili-
tary—the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines—met their recruit-ing and retention requirements, while turning away thousands of highly qualified Americans and lawful immi-grants. 
Each year, there are a limited num-
ber of enlistment opportunities. Each time G
ALLEGO ’Samendment helps an 
illegal alien enlist, an American or lawful immigrant loses—loses—an en-listment opportunity. The ratio is 1 to 1, period. That is the math. 
This Congress should support and 
represent Americans by voting to stop military service opportunities from being taken from struggling American families in order to give them to illegal aliens. 
As such, I urge this House to support 
my amendment to strike the Gallego amendment from the National Defense Authorization Act. 
Mr. Chairman, thank you for consid-
ering my thoughts and request. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
First of all, let me just say I agree 
completely with the comments of the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ) and can’t say it any 
better, that, if you are willing to put your life on the line for your country, then your country ought to accept you; and it truly is your country. 
Second of all, the United States mili-
tary is not a jobs program. If you are willing to show up and put your life on the line, then that ought to be honored, and you ought to be accepted. 
The notion that these people are tak-
ing jobs from Americans is, frankly, one that doesn’t make any sense. We are asking people to serve in a very dif-ficult job to defend our country. If peo-ple in this country are willing to do this, we ought to, at a minimum, ac-cept them. 
I will even go further than that. The 
undocumented population in this coun-try is a population that, for too long, has been ignored and shoved into the shadows. We all imagine that they are somehow different from the rest of us, but I guarantee you everybody in this room knows someone who is undocu-mented, and the overwhelming major-ity of them are law-abiding people who 
have jobs, raise families, contribute to our community. 
They deserve an opportunity to be 
part of the country that they have un-questionably claimed as their own. 
Now, Mr. G
ALLEGO ’s amendment that 
we put on in committee is one small piece of doing that, to give them the opportunity to serve in the United States military, and then be given legal status. 
I think we need to do a lot more than 
that. I think we need comprehensive immigration reform so we can bring the undocumented population out of the shadows, give them a path to citi-zenship. 
I support Mr. G
ALLEGO ’s amendment. 
I oppose the effort by Mr. B ROOKS to 
strip it. I think it is the least our coun-try can do for someone who is willing to fight and potentially die on our be-half, to give them legal status, to treat them as the Americans that they truly are. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 438, line 9, strike ‘‘the Department of 
Defense’’ and insert ‘‘any department or agency of the United States Government’’. 
Page 438, line 11, strike ‘‘December 31, 
2016,’’ and insert ‘‘the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act’’. 
Page 439, lines 7 through 8, strike ‘‘the De-
partment of Defense’’ and insert ‘‘any de-partment or agency of the United States Government’’. 
Page 439, lines 9 through 10, strike ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2016,’’ and insert ‘‘the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act’’. 
Page 443, line 12, strike ‘‘assessment’’ and 
all that follows through the period on line 15 and insert ‘‘assessment conducted by the Di-rector of National Intelligence, in classified or unclassified form, that such government or entity has the capacity and willingness, and demonstrated past practices (if applica-ble) to comply with the requirements under paragraph (1).’’. 
Page 444, line 15, strike ‘‘The’’ and insert 
‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), the’’. 
Page 446, after line 25, insert the following: 
(3) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may not ex-
ercise the waiver authority under paragraph (1) with respect to any individual detained at Guantanamo, who has ever been determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.080 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3165 May 14, 2015 
or assessed to be a detainee referred for pros-
ecution, a detainee approved for detention, or a detainee approved for conditional deten-tion by the Guantanamo Detainee Review Task Force established pursuant to Execu-tive Order number 13492. 
Page 447, after line 17, insert the following: (f) C
OORDINATION WITH PROHIBITION ON  
TRANSFER TO YEMEN .—During the period 
when section 1042 is in effect, the exception in subsection (c)(2) and the waiver authority under subsection (d) shall not apply to the transfer of any individual detained at Guan-tanamo to Yemen. 
(g) C
OORDINATION WITH PROHIBITION ON  
TRANSFER TO COMBAT ZONES .—During the pe-
riod when section 1038 is in effect, the excep-tion in subsection (c)(2) and the waiver au-thority under subsection (d) shall not apply to the transfer of any individual detained at Guantanamo to a combat zone, as such term is defined in subsection (b) of such section. 
Page 447, line 17, strike ‘‘(f)’’ and insert 
‘‘(h)’’. 
Page 448, line 23, strike ‘‘(g)’’ and insert 
‘‘(i)’’. 
Page 453, after line 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 1042. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO YEMEN. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
or otherwise made available to any depart-ment or agency of the United States Govern-ment may be used during the period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the Republic of Yemen or any entity within Yemen. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Indiana. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for his 
support of my amendment. 
I just wanted to start out by saying 
this debate is fundamentally about risk and trust. It is safe to assume the ad-ministration is risking our national se-curity for the sake of fulfilling a mis-guided campaign promise. Simply put, we have too much at stake to trust an executive order from the President. 
My amendment protects our national 
security, further strengthens and ex-tends commonsense restrictions on Guantanamo transfers. It prohibits de-tainees from coming to the U.S., policy which has, in the past, had strong bi-partisan support. In addition, it re-stricts the most dangerous detainees from being transferred. 
Finally, it bans transfers to Yemen, 
an al Qaeda stronghold, one of the most dangerous places on Earth to set terrorists free. 
When it comes to foreign policy and 
the security of the U.S., including the threat of Islamic extremism, President Obama doesn’t seem to get it. It seems like the only thing we can trust the ad-ministration to do is underestimate the threat. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-
ment in large part because of the broader debate over closing Guanta-namo, and this amendment makes it even more difficult to close Guanta-namo, which is a policy we ought do. 
Again, President Bush, Secretary 
Gates, endless string of military lead-ers, and, in a bipartisan way, when J
OHN MCCAINwas running for Presi-
dent, people have said that we should close Guantanamo. It is not a policy that we should continue. 
For beginners, it costs nearly $3 mil-
lion an inmate now to house them there, when the ones that need to be kept can be safely housed in the United States. We have proven that we are perfectly capable of locking up terror-ists and protecting our country. 
We have well over 300 terrorists right 
now locked up in the United States of America, including Ramzi Yousef, The Blind Sheik, Zacarias Moussaoui, and a number of very, very bad guys. We can do it in the U.S. We do not need Guan-tanamo. 
Beyond that, the amendment here 
makes it very, very difficult to transfer anybody, and a large number of in-mates at Guantanamo have been cleared for transfer. They have been deemed not to be a threat, and they are cleared to be transferred. Mrs. W
ALORSKI ’s amendment would make it 
pretty much impossible to transfer them. 
These are people that we have al-
ready decided are not going to be a threat, and now, we are going to pass an amendment saying we are simply going to lock them up and hold them forever just because. 
Now, I understand the because; the 
because is there is a risk, and I am not going to deny that there is a risk if you release somebody. 
I will say that the statistics on peo-
ple returning to the fight who have been in Guantanamo are very skewed. Back before 2008, I think, at one point, we had as many as 700 inmates at Guantanamo; a lot of people were re-leased without proper care. Now, they were also brought there without proper investigation to figure out whether or not they were people we should legiti-mately pick up. 
Since 2008, the percentage of the peo-
ple who have been released who have returned to the fight is less than 10 percent. It has gone down considerably. 
Beyond that, just as a basic system 
of justice, it is not our principle here in the U.S. that, if there is any possibility whatsoever that someone will reoffend, well, we are just going to lock you up forever—that is not the principle of justice that we have. We have a principle of justice that 
says you serve your time and then you are let out. At Guantanamo, we have released a fair number of people in the last year because they were deemed to not be a threat. This amendment would eliminate our ability to do that and also make it more difficult to close Guantanamo—which, again, $3 million an inmate—when we can safely do it here. 
Internationally, Guantanamo con-
tinues to be a blight on the U.S. record. Now, I will not make the argument that some make that say this is a re-cruitment tool—it is a recruitment tool for al Qaeda and like-minded groups—but they have no shortage of recruitment tools. I am not even going to begin to argue that somehow, if we close Guantanamo, they would no longer be trying to attack us. 
However, our allies, countries in Eu-
rope, other Arab states that want to work with us to try to contain groups like ISIL and al Qaeda, they have to deal with citizens who hate Guanta-namo, who see it as a symbol of injus-tice and a betrayal of their values and our values, so working with our allies to properly confront the terrorist threat is made more difficult by the presence of Guantanamo Bay prison. 
I oppose this amendment. I will have 
an amendment after this one that would give us a path to closing the prison, but I oppose this amendment because it makes it more difficult to do what we ought to do in this country, and that is close Guantanamo Bay pris-on. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ), an original co-
sponsor of this bill. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the Walorski amend-ment. 
Today, sadly, the threat from radical 
terrorism only continues to grow, and I take that threat very seriously. 
Unfortunately, the administration is 
still determined to close Guantanamo Bay detention facility, regardless of the risk that it poses to U.S. national security. 
As in previous conflicts, it is appro-
priate and lawful to hold detainees and, in this case, until al Qaeda and associ-ated forces are defeated and surrender. Guantanamo is the safest and most ap-propriate location. It is secure and rel-atively distant from the United States and terrorist safe havens. 
Guantanamo also provides humane 
conditions for the detainees. They have appropriate access to health care, rec-reational activities, and cultural and religious materials. Members of the House of Representatives and others routinely visit Guantanamo and have seen the conditions in which the dan-gerous detainees are held. 
Additionally, data shows released 
Guantanamo detainees have a high rate of recidivism. New reports indi-cate that the U.S. military and intel-ligence community suspect that one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.023 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3166 May 14, 2015 
the Taliban Five has attempted to re-
turn to the fight. 
No one has escaped Guantanamo, un-
like other terrorist detention facilities around the world, and the facility has not been attacked, unlike other facili-ties. 
I ask for your support. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 15 seconds. 
No terrorist has escaped from a U.S. 
prison either, just to be absolutely clear about that. I am not sure which prisons this gentleman is talking about, but no one has escaped from a U.S. prison either; no terrorist has es-caped. 
I believe we have the right to close; 
is that correct? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Washington has the right to close. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Then I 
have just one further speaker, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the 
chairwoman of our Oversight and In-vestigations Subcommittee. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of this very important amendment. 
We live in a dangerous world. Wheth-
er it is ongoing conflict in Yemen, the march of ISIL, the slaughter of Chris-tians by Boko Haram, the murder of in-nocents by al Shabaab, or the contin-ued desire of al Qaeda to attack Ameri-cans, the rise of Islamic extremism is real; and we need a safe, effective place to detain these combatants. 
GTMO is an appropriate facility to 
house this unique mission. Now is not the time to transfer these detainees or close its doors. 
b1730 
I had the opportunity to visit Guan-
tanamo Bay and see the operations there firsthand, and I can confirm that GTMO is currently the safest and most appropriate location to hold detainees who were engaged in dangerous acts threatening the U.S. and our allies. 
We need to continue to protect Amer-
ican citizens from some of the world’s most dangerous individuals. We need to pass this amendment. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), the distin-
guished chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise in sup-
port of this amendment. 
I have already expressed my deep 
concern for the rushed, almost frenzied manner in which the administration is emptying the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. 
We saw the dangerous Taliban Five 
transfer. 
Just this past December, the admin-
istration released six Guantanamo Bay detainees to the small South American country of Uruguay. These six detain-
ees had been trained in munitions and document forgery. In quiet negotia-tions with Uruguay to take the six, the Obama administration offered the President of Uruguay written assur-ances that none of them had ever been involved in conducting or facilitating terrorist activities, throwing out with a stroke of a pen the intelligence and analysis that had led to their deten-tion. 
These six former terrorists and Guan-
tanamo Bay detainees live only six blocks away from the U.S. Embassy, which has forced the Embassy to heighten its security posture. The Obama administration has effectively prioritized its political goal of closing Guantanamo over our national secu-rity interests. The administration’s desperation to empty Guantanamo has caused six hardened terrorists to land dangerously close to an embassy in our hemisphere. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of this amendment be-cause a catch-and-release program is not how to defeat and destroy Islamic terrorist organizations. 
I served 23 years as a Navy SEAL. 
Most of the last decade of my career was spent hunting, killing, or cap-turing dangerous terrorists who had American blood on their hands. 
As the acting and deputy commander 
for the Combined Joint Special Oper-ations Task Force, I had the honor of leading special operations troops in hunting these dangerous assailants and bringing them to justice. Releasing ter-rorists from Guantanamo Bay who are committed to killing American citi-zens not only is a national security risk, but it is also a slap in the face to every American, every man, every woman who died in the battlefield to put them there. 
The President insists these terrorists 
are reformed; however, the facts say differently. According to the Director of National Intelligence, nearly 30 per-cent of former GTMO detainees are confirmed or suspected of engaging in 
terrorist activities. The majority re-main at large. 
A catch-and-release program may 
work for trout in Montana, but it doesn’t work for terrorists. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, it is 
truly astonishing that in 2015 the United States continues to hold people indefinitely who have not been charged, let alone convicted, of any crime, who have been judged not to pose any threat to the United States. Our continuing to hold prisoners in-definitely without charging them, without trial, is a rebuke to our pro-fessed support of liberty. 
Now, I know some will say they are 
dangerous terrorists, and some are. But some of them are not. They are people 
who were captured in some way, who have been judged by our military not to pose a threat to the United States, who have not been charged or judged as terrorists. Some of them may be sim-ply victims to the fact that we paid bounties to people in Afghanistan to turn in people who they said were ter-rorists. The Hatfields turned in the McCoys because—why not?—we were giving them a bounty of a few thousand dollars. 
We have, for those who need it, 
supermax prisons in the United States, from which no one has ever escaped. There is no reason to spend all the money in Guantanamo and have this continuing shame on the reputation of the United States. 
I oppose this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
WASHINGTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike sections 1036, 1037, 1038, and 1039, 
and insert the following: 
SEC. 1036. GUANTANAMO BAY DETENTION FACIL-
ITY CLOSURE ACT OF 2015. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility Closure Act of 2015’’. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, on or after the date that is 90 days after the date on which the President submits a plan pursuant to sub-section (h), amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense may be used to— 
(1) construct or modify any facility in the 
United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guanta-namo for the purposes of detention or im-prisonment; and 
(2) transfer, or assist in transferring, to or 
within the United States, its territories, or possessions any individual detained at Guan-tanamo. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON RELEASE .—An individual 
detained at Guantanamo may not be released within the United States, its territories, or possessions under the authority in sub-section (b). An individual detained at Guan-tanamo who is transferred under the author-ity in subsection (b) may be subsequently re-leased in accordance with section 1035 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.083 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3167 May 14, 2015 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 128 Stat. 851). 
(d) S
TATUS WHILE IN THE UNITED STATES .— 
An individual who is transferred under the authority in subsection (b), while in the United States— 
(1) may not be permitted to apply for asy-
lum under section 208 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158), be placed in removal proceedings under section 240 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a), or be eligible to apply for admission into the United States; and 
(2) may not be permitted to avail himself 
of any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to any similarly situated alien in the United States. 
(e) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 
days before transferring any individual de-tained at Guantanamo to the United States, its territories, or possessions, the President shall submit to Congress a report about such individual that includes— 
(1) notice of the proposed transfer; and (2) the assessment of the Secretary of De-
fense and the intelligence community (under the meaning given such term section 3(4) of the National Security 18 Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) of any risks to public safety that could arise in connection with the pro-posed transfer of the individual and a de-scription of any steps taken to address such risks. 
(f) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS .—No 
amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used after De-cember 31, 2017, for the detention facility or detention operations at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(g) P
ERIODIC REVIEW BOARDS .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall ensure that each peri-odic review board established pursuant to Executive Order No. 13567 or section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1564;10 U.S.C. 801 note) is completed by not later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(h) P
RESIDENTIAL PLAN.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a plan de-scribing each of the following: 
(1) The locations to which the President 
seeks to transfer individuals detained at Guantanamo. 
(2) The individuals detained at Guanta-
namo whom the President seeks to transfer to overseas locations, the overseas locations to which the President seeks to transfer such individuals, and the conditions under which the President would transfer such individ-uals to such locations. 
(3) The proposal of the President for the 
detention and treatment of individuals cap-tured overseas in the future who are sus-pected of being terrorists. 
(4) For any location in the United States 
to which the President seeks to transfer such an individual or an individual detained at Guantanamo, estimates of each of the fol-lowing costs: 
(A) The costs of constructing infrastruc-
ture to support detention operations or pros-ecution at such location. 
(B) The costs of facility repair, 
sustainment, maintenance, and operation of all infrastructure supporting detention oper-ations or prosecution at such location. 
(C) The costs of military personnel, civil-
ian personnel, and contractors associated with the detention operations or prosecution at such location, including any costs likely to be incurred by other Federal departments or agencies or State or local governments. (D) Any other costs associated with sup-
porting the detention operations or prosecu-tion at such location. 
(5) The estimated security costs associated 
with trying such individuals in the United States, including the costs of military per-sonnel, civilian personnel, and contractors associated with the prosecution at such loca-tion, including any costs likely to be in-curred by other Federal departments or agencies, or State or local governments. 
(6) A plan developed by the Attorney Gen-
eral, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Director of National Intelligence, and the heads of other relevant departments and agencies, identifying a disposition, other than contin-ued detention at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for each indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(i) I
NTERIM LIMITATION .—No amounts au-
thorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is 90 days after the President submits a plan pursuant to sub-section (h) to exercise the authority in sub-section (b). 
(j) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘individual de-tained at Guantanamo’’ means any indi-vidual located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 2
1⁄2minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would take out of the bill all of the things that are in it that make it im-possible to close Guantanamo Bay pris-on. 
This is a debate we have had many 
times. The provisions are typically banning any transfers to the U.S., ban-ning any construction in the U.S. of any facilities to house the folks being housed right now at Guantanamo. It strips out those two, and it also asks the President to give us a detailed plan on how he would go about closing Guantanamo and what he would do with the inmates that are there now, and it requires a 90-day notice period to Congress before any action could be taken on that. And it is basically the same argument that I just made as to why we should close Guantanamo. 
It was opened in the first place as a 
way to try to get around the U.S. Con-stitution. Basically, the thought was, 
since it wasn’t in the continental U.S., habeas corpus and other constitutional protections wouldn’t apply. But the Supreme Court a number of years ago said that it is effectively under U.S. control, so all the same rules apply. One argument that is frequently 
trotted out is that somehow, if they were brought to the U.S., they would suddenly have constitutional rights that they don’t have in Guantanamo. The Supreme Court has already ruled on that. They have ruled that it is ef-fectively under U.S. control, and they have the exact same rights to habeas corpus and all other rights that a criminal or a law of war prisoner would have. So if we brought them to the U.S., it would not be a problem. 
My two basic arguments are, number 
one, we have an alternative to Guanta-namo. It is not like there is no option. There are now, I believe, 122 inmates— I forget the exact number—who have been cleared for transfer back to an-other country. But it is somewhere roughly half of that amount, we would be looking at between 50 and 60 in-mates that would need to be trans-ferred to the U.S. And we have the fa-cilities here. As I said, we already house some of the most dangerous ter-rorists we have ever arrested and con-victed. We have the facilities. We have the ability to hold them safely here. So there is an alternative. 
The current situation in Guanta-
namo Bay has a number of negatives. The high cost, as I have mentioned sev-eral times, almost $3 million an in-mate; and then the international eye-sore that Guantanamo Bay is—not just to the terrorists. I don’t care about them. I don’t care what they say, how they feel about us holding people at Guantanamo. But to our allies in Eu-rope, to people in the Arab world who want to help us defeat the scourge of Islamic extremism, this is an inter-national eyesore that we should close, and we should make the transfers as soon as we possibly can. This amend-ment makes that possible. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise to oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
express one retired Navy SEAL com-mander’s opposition to closing the 
military prison at GTMO. 
I have no doubt that closing GTMO 
and releasing or transferring terrorists who have committed to killing Amer-ican citizens jeopardizes both the safe-ty and security of the United States and our citizens abroad. 
If the success or failure of the mis-
sion at GTMO is based on the number of attacks against the United States after 9/11, I am confident everyone in this room would join me in judging the mission has been successful. Intel-ligence collection and national secu-rity have been strengthened as a result of GTMO, and America remains a safer place thanks to the men and women serving there. 
Keeping dangerous terrorists in a 
military prison and away from Amer-ican families is the way it should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.024 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3168 May 14, 2015 
done. To me, closing GTMO is simply 
not an option. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am happy to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
oppose this amendment. 
Everything that has happened since 
last year’s debate should force us to be more careful with detainee decisions, not less careful. The rise of ISIL, the alarming release of the Taliban Five, and the war in Yemen are just a few events that remind us of the urgency of this debate, and it is an urgent debate. Potentially most troubling is the grow-ing threat of AQAP, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. Enabled by the complete power vacuum in Yemen, 
AQAP was formed by GTMO detainees, the group arguably most capable and most committed to attacking the United States homeland. 
Mr. Chairman, I believe we need a 
commonsense detainee policy that pro-tects Americans. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and oppose this amend-ment. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I have only one more speak-er, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am happy to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to oppose this amendment. 
In March of 2014, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence reported that 29 per-cent of detainees released from Guan-tanamo Bay have engaged in or were suspected of resuming their roles as terrorists. Those who remain in Guan-tanamo are the ‘‘worst of the worst.’’ So it is safe to presume that, if re-leased, an even higher percentage of them will remain a threat to our na-tional security. 
I struggle to understand why we 
would close the Guantanamo Bay de-tention camp, only to finance the in-carceration of enemy combatants with-in the United States. 
The need for a place to detain enemy 
combatants unfortunately will not go away anytime soon, so, unquestion-ably, we need a facility like Guanta-namo. As we engage an enemy with no respect for borders, we must not move them to our maximum security prisons while the courts determine how we should legally proceed. 
For our Nation’s security, I implore 
you to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the 
chair of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment. Why? There are many reasons. But the predominant reason is because it al-lows the following people to come to America’s shore or possibly be re-leased. Here are a few people who are in Guantanamo Bay that the sponsor of this amendment wants to bring here: Sixteen detainees associated with 
Osama bin Laden or other top al Qaeda leaders; eight detainees who have re-ceived explosives training; four detain-ees closely associated with al Qaeda re-cruiters; two detainees knowledgeable about poisons; others involved in a plot against a U.S. Embassy; volunteered to be a suicide bomber; commander of an al Qaeda training camp; agreed to com-mit to jihad if let out; and a terrorist financier. Also, KSM, the architect of the 9/11 attacks, KSM’s third in com-mand; another senior al Qaeda opera-tive who trained and selected the 9/11 hijackers; the mastermind of the USS Cole attack; on and on. 
The idea of bringing these individuals 
to America is foolish, and it makes no sense. We already have a secure facil-ity that is working, is constitutional, and is keeping Americans safe. We need to keep GTMO open. 
I oppose this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 15 seconds to say that the only flaw in that state-ment is the part about them being re-leased in the U.S. That is not going to happen. And yes, if that were the plan, I would be absolutely opposed to it; but again, there are over 300 very dan-gerous terrorists held in the U.S. right now, today. We have proven we can do it here. We are not going to bring them here and release them. That is not what I am arguing for. 
With that, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I listen to this debate, 
and it sounds as if we have forgotten everything we ever learned about American justice and American lib-erty. 
We are told that 29 percent of the 
people released from Guantanamo have returned to terror. Well, that simply says that the Bush administration did a lousy job in deciding who should be released because, since then, it has been a tiny percentage. Yes, a large percentage of those the Bush adminis-tration released became recidivists. 
b1745 
So the argument is everyone held in 
Guantanamo should be held there for-ever. That is the argument. The amendment we just considered a mo-ment ago would make it even harder, make it impossible, to release anyone from Guantanamo. The opposition to this amendment is for the same pur-pose. 
We are told that these are the worst 
of the worst. Who says? Some of them have never been charged with any crime, have never been charged with any terrorism, have been judged safe to release, and have been told, have been labeled by our military as not being terrorists, not being threats to the United States, and yet we continue to hold them indefinitely. Why? And by what right? KSM is a great menace; indeed, he is. 
He should be brought to the United States and placed on trial in a Federal court. He has been waiting for trial for almost 14 years now because we can’t get our military tribunals to work, put him on trial in an article III Federal court, and sentence him to life impris-onment without parole, as others have been. Nobody escapes from our supermax prisons, but justice ought to be done. It ought to be meted out. 
We are told that people will be re-
leased here. We are not demanding that everyone be released or even that any-one in particular be released, certainly not into the United States. We are say-ing that the normal processes of justice should go forward. We are saying that the fact that someone lived in Afghani-stan and that some other tribe had a grudge against his family and turned him in for a bounty, even though he had nothing to do with terrorism or anything else, we ought to know that. And when we know that, that person ought to be releasable because we know that about some people. 
Instead, what we are faced with is a 
statute that says nobody ought to ever be released; we ought to hold people in-definitely for life for no crime and no reason. That is against American jus-tice, and it poses a threat that the President under the authority of the 2012 law can hold Americans in Guanta-namo indefinitely, and we should close it to prevent that, too. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I don’t think anybody 
says we have to leave Guantanamo open forever or necessarily keep these folks, the detainees, there forever. Under the laws of war, detainees may be kept for the duration of the war. And it is absolutely true, we don’t know how long this war is going to go. It is also true that if the President came up with a plan that could get the confidence of the American people first about what he would do with the Guan-tanamo detainees, then there may be something to talk about. 
But, unfortunately, this amendment 
would strike the provisions of the bill which prevent them from coming to the U.S., would prevent them from being released to war zones, would pre-vent construction of new facilities. And make no mistake, new facilities would have to be built because they couldn’t be commingled with inmates who are here in the U.S. And it strikes the fa-cility for foreign transfers, but it does that first, and then says, oh, by the way, Mr. President, give us a plan within so much time. 
How about we get a plan first? And 
how about we see whether that plan stands up to the light of day? 
At one point, the President had a 
plan to take these folks to New York City and have a trial there, but there was an uproar. There was a plan to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.086 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3169 May 14, 2015 
take them to a rehabilitative facility 
in Illinois, but there was an uproar. None of that has gained the support of this Congress under either party, and therefore, I think this amendment should be defeated. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . MCCAUL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1060. SALE OR DONATION OF EXCESS PER-
SONAL PROPERTY FOR BORDER SE-CURITY ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2576a of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking 
‘‘counter-drug and counter-terrorism activi-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘counterdrug, counter-terrorism, and border security activities’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the At-
torney General and the Director of National Drug Control Policy’’ and inserting ‘‘the At-torney General, the Director of National Drug Control Policy, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘counter- 
drug and counter-terrorism activities’’ and inserting ‘‘counterdrug, counterterrorism, or border security activities’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 3 minutes. 
First, I would like to express my 
thanks to Chairman T HORNBERRY for 
his leadership and hard work on this important legislation. 
This amendment deals with border 
security. It is an integral part of our national security, and as we draw down our military presence in Afghanistan, equipment used successfully in combat can be used to enhance border security at home and, in the process, save tax-payer dollars. 
Today, five aerostats used to protect 
forward operating bases in Iraq and Af-ghanistan are now providing situa-tional awareness in the Rio Grande Valley of Texas. Their use has helped agents apprehend dangerous aliens and interdict drugs that are en route to our 
neighborhoods. 
My amendment makes sure DHS can 
continue to acquire advanced DOD ex-cess equipment by modifying current law, last updated in 1996, before the creation of the Department of Home-land Security, to provide preference for ‘‘border security activities.’’ 
This change puts border security and 
the Department of Homeland Security on equal footing with the Department of Justice and the Office of National Drug Control Policy. With this small change, DHS’ border security compo-nents can readily tap into DOD’s excess equipment on a preferential basis. 
In the past, United States Customs 
and Border Protection has missed out on thousands of articles of DOD excess gear because the equipment is often distributed on a first-come first-served basis. With the higher priorities, CBP will have a better opportunity to evaluate the cost effectiveness of a sys-tem before acquiring it. My amend-ment simply brings the law up to date and gives DHS the ability to apply military technology for the border se-curity mission. 
Before I close, Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to address what this amendment does not do. It does not supply local po-lice forces with equipment recently used in a war zone. It does not milita-rize our local law enforcement offi-cials. In fact, if that is a concern, you should support my amendment, which will put more military excess in the hands of DHS. 
Finally, Mr. Chairman, it is impor-
tant to note to my friends on the other side of the aisle that the administra-tion actually supports the idea posed behind this amendment. The argu-ments in opposition, I believe, do not withstand scrutiny, and with that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I have great respect 
for my colleague from Texas for his leadership and service as the chair of the Homeland Security Committee and had the pleasure of serving with him on that committee in the last Congress. But I rise to oppose this amendment today because it is unnecessary. 
First of all, it is redundant. The De-
partment of Defense already has the authority and ability to distribute ex-cess military equipment to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the Border Patrol. 
Secondly, it is not needed on the bor-
der right now. I will give you some ex-amples. The city that I have the honor of representing, El Paso, Texas, the largest city on the U.S.-Mexico border in Texas, is the safest city today in the United States, and it was also the safest city in the United States at the time when Ciudad Juarez across the river was the most dangerous city in 
the world. 
Today, we have record low apprehen-
sions on our southern border. We are spending record amounts—$18 billion a year—to secure it. We have doubled the size of the Border Patrol from 10,000 to 20,000 in the last 10 years, and we have hundreds of miles of walls. 
We have also heard from the Sec-
retary of the Department of Homeland Security, the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, and the Di-rector of the FBI that there is not now, nor has there ever been, a credible ter-rorist threat on our southern border. So we do not need mine-resistant am-bush-protected vehicles. We do not need grenade launchers. We do not need armed drones. 
Mr. Chairman, we do not need to 
militarize the border, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, with all 
due respect to my colleague, Customs and Border Protection have asked for this authority. They have a very dif-ferent point of view, I would say, than you do, sir, from where you stand. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. N
UGENT ). 
Mr. NUGENT. I thank Mr. M CCAUL 
for yielding me 1 minute. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand the oppo-
sition to this amendment is based on a misconception that it expands eligi-bility for surplus military equipment to include border security. Customs and Border Protection is already au-thorized to receive this equipment. It would just elevate their priority to where Justice Department is in allow-ing them to receive the equipment that they need. 
I was a sheriff in a 1033 program that 
provided equipment as it would exactly to Customs and Border Protection. It does not—it does not—provide armed drones. Everything that they receive is demilitarized in regard to the fact they aren’t receiving tanks, no military equipment that fires a rocket, or given rockets. That is a misconception that others have tried to move forward. 
Mr. Chairman, border security activi-
ties are the front lines of counter-narcotics and counterterrorism before those threats hit American airspace, American waters, and American soil, and I support this amendment. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. J OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. 
It is de ´ja`vu all over again. Once 
again, the Congress is confronted with a Republican effort to militarize our borders by funneling billions of dollars of military equipment to local law en-forcement anywhere in the country for border security activities. The 1033 pro-gram transfers billions of dollars of military equipment to law enforcement agencies without any congressional oversight or community input. 
This amendment adds a border secu-
rity activities priority to the program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.088 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3170 May 14, 2015 
that will quietly funnel military-grade 
weaponry to law enforcement for this poorly defined priority. Passage of this amendment means that any law en-forcement agency anywhere in the country can get an MRAP or an M–16 straight from the battlefield in Iraq if they simply tell the DOD they need it for border security activities, regard-less of whether the agency is 10 miles or thousands of miles from the border with Mexico or Canada. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment also 
means that campus police at local school districts and colleges can get the same MRAP or M–16 straight from the battlefield in Iraq if they tell the DOD they need it for border security activities. 
Last year, Republicans tried to in-
clude this language in the fiscal year ’15 NDAA. Congress wisely chose to re-ject it. Earlier this year, Republicans tried to pass this language by burying it in their failed border security bill, but, fortunately, the Congress wisely chose to reject the idea once again. But here we are once again confronted with this absurd reality and this effort to give local police this equipment. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the remainder of my time to the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of this amendment. It is a commonsense amendment that passed the House last year with bipartisan support because it simply provides the Department of Homeland Security with increased resources, and it saves the taxpayers money. This amendment makes a small change to current law. 
Mr. Chairman, regarding the excess 
property owned by the Department of Defense, DHS and U.S. Customs and Border Protection have benefited greatly from DOD equipment in years past. For instance, Vehicle and Dis-mount Exploitation Radar, or VADER, is providing better situational aware-ness on my border in Tucson, the Tuc-son sector, and allows Border Patrol to be smart about deploying their re-sources. 
The technology used by the DOD in 
Afghanistan was transferred to CBP. When deployed, VADER will allow op-erators to track ground movement with great detail and make this infor-mation available to ground com-manders in real time, often in tough terrain, allowing them to be more effi-cient with their resources. The sensors are capable of detecting even subtle human movement along the ground and increase their aerial surveillance, enforcement, and security to prevent potential threats from transnational criminal organizations illegally enter-ing the United States. These organiza-tions are trafficking drugs, money, people, and weapons through the bor-der and into our communities. 
Mr. Chairman, since 2012 VADER has 
detected over 33,000 people moving across the southwest border. Since 2006 this versatile platform has been cred-ited with interdicting and disrupting 
over 6 tons of cocaine and 250,000 pounds of marijuana. CBP has also ben-efited from aerostats and helicopters which allowed CBP to have greater vis-ibility of this illicit activity on the border. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, this is a short 
amendment. It is one page. It just al-lows them to work together. It is not about militarizing our border. It is about being a good steward of our tax-payer resources so we can keep our bor-ders secure. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. C ASTRO ). 
b1800 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
when it comes to the border, for many in politics, there is no greater boogeyman. The fact is that the border has more resources committed to it today than ever before, 21,000 Border Patrol agents, more than double what we had in 2004. 
We should not militarize the U.S. 
border with Mexico or with Canada. This amendment would not only allow resources to go south and affect States like Texas and communities in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, and California, but would also allow these military ob-jects to go into New York and Wash-ington State along our northern bor-der. 
There is also no indication that the 
Department of Homeland Security has asked for these resources or indicated that they are either short-staffed or undermanned when it comes to the re-sources that they need to deal with the border situation. 
Painting our border as a war zone 
does a disservice to the men and women who live along our U.S.-Mexico border and also the border with Can-ada. 
I think that, just as the 1033 program 
has had some troubling issues with re-spect to our local law enforcement, it is a bad idea to extend this program to DHS. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Everything that the proponents of 
this amendment have highlighted, the Border Patrol and the Department of Homeland Security already have access to and already received from the De-partment of Defense. As I said earlier, this amendment is redundant because that authority and that ability already exists. 
What it does do is create further anx-
iety and fear about the border at a time that is not warranted because of the record levels that we are spending on homeland security and the record levels of security that we have, the record low apprehensions that we see, and the relevant safety of the U.S. side of the U.S.-Mexico border relative to the rest of the country. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 528, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1092. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY 
COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY COOR-
DINATOR .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate an existing Federal officer to coordinate efforts to se-cure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism. For purposes of car-rying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such officer shall have the title of ‘‘Inter-agency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have 
the following duties: 
(A) Coordinate and direct all activities of 
the Federal Government relating to each hostage situation described in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to secure the release of all hostages in the hostage situation are prop-erly resourced and correct lines of authority are established and maintained. 
(B) Establish and direct a fusion cell con-
sisting of appropriate personnel of the Fed-eral Government with purview over each hostage situation described in paragraph (1). 
(C) Develop a strategy to keep family 
members of hostages described in paragraph (1) informed of the status of such hostages and inform such family members of updates, procedures, and policies that do not com-promise the national security of the United States. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity of the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator shall be limited to countries that are state sponsors of terrorism and areas designated as hazardous for which hostile fire and imminent danger pay are payable to members of the Armed Forces for duty per-formed in such area. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the 
Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the members of Congress described in paragraph (2) a re-port that includes a summary of each hos-tage situation described in subsection (a)(1) and efforts to secure the release of all hos-tages in such hostage situation. 
(2) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS DESCRIBED .—The 
members of Congress described in this sub-paragraph are, with respect to a United States person hostage covered by a report under paragraph (1), the Senators rep-resenting the State, and the Member, Dele-gate, or Resident Commissioner of the House of Representatives representing the district, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.091 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3171 May 14, 2015 
where a hostage described in subjection (a)(1) 
resides. 
(3) F ORM OF REPORT .— Each report under 
this subsection may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified form. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as author-izing the Federal Government to negotiate 
with a state sponsor of terrorism or an orga-nization that the Secretary of State has des-ignated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OORDINATOR .—The term ‘‘Coordinator’’ 
means the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator designated under subsection (a). 
(2) H
OSTILE GROUP .—The term ‘‘hostile 
group’’ means— 
(A) a group that is designated as a foreign 
terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); 
(B) a group that is engaged in armed con-
flict with the United States; or 
(C) any other group that the President de-
termines to be a hostile group for purposes of this paragraph. 
(3) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The 
term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’— 
(A) means a country the government of 
which the Secretary of State has deter-mined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other provision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism; and 
(B) includes North Korea. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, we have 
a problem right now, and the problem is this: you have radical Islamic terror-ists in places where there is no U.S. law enforcement presence capturing and detaining and holding hostage American citizens, not American mili-tary personnel, but American citizens. 
In the past, the problem has not been 
as exacerbated as it has been since 9/11. You have the FBI. The FBI has always had purview and has had jurisdiction over hostage cases, but the problem is in Iraq, there is no FBI; in Syria, there is no FBI; in Afghanistan, there is no FBI. In war zones, you don’t have the FBI. 
What you have is the Department of 
Defense and different intelligence agencies are ones that track the net-works, know the networks, know who the bad guys are, know where the hos-tages may be, and then in case that we actually get good intelligence, the De-partment of Defense and our intel-ligence communities, those are the people that would act on the intel-ligence, not the FBI. 
If there is a hostage situation here at 
the Capitol, the FBI would take care of it; if there is a hostage situation in San Diego or New York, the FBI would take care of it—again, not if it is ISIS, not if it is al Qaeda, and not if it is in So-malia, Yemen, Iraq, Syria, or other war zone type country. What my amendment does is make 
sure that there is now a joint inter-agency coordinator under the Presi-dent who works directly with the President and anybody else that they need to. 
We have, to date, five people—five 
American citizens—that have been killed by radical Islamic terrorists. We haven’t freed one of them. Not a single American citizen has made it home alive, except for the trade that we did with the five terrorists from GTMO for Private Bergdahl. That is the only one. The rest have died. 
Sixty days after this bill passes both 
the House and the Senate, the Presi-dent is required to appoint an existing Federal officer to coordinate rescue ef-forts for Americans held by hostile groups such as ISIS or al Qaeda. 
It also allows for Congress to be in-
formed. If you have a member from your district who is one of these hos-tages, you get quarterly reports from the FBI from this fusion cell on what is happening with your hostage. 
It also requires reporting to the dif-
ferent committees in Congress that have oversight over this what is going on with the hostages because, right now, people don’t really know. Those of us here in this room, we don’t really know, unless we reach out and contact them and ask for a special meeting. It shouldn’t be the case. 
There is one thing I can guarantee 
this body: over the next 25 years, rad-ical Islam is not going away. You are going to have more Americans taken hostage. We need to make sure that we at least have somebody where the buck stops, and this creates a person where the buck stops, finally, who can answer our questions from this body and can answer questions from the families and everybody else. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to Mr. D
ELANEY from Maryland. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to start by thanking the chairman and the ranking member for supporting this amendment, and I want to thank my colleague from California for giving me the opportunity to work with him on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, the reason I care 
about the subject matter of this amendment is because one of my con-stituents, Warren Weinstein, was re-cently killed by a U.S. drone strike while he was being held in an al Qaeda compound along the border in Paki-stan. Obviously, we weren’t aware that he was held there. 
Warren was originally captured over 
3 years ago while he was doing work in Pakistan on behalf of USAID. He was 73 years old. He spent his whole life in service to his country working for 
USAID on foreign aid matters. He was a wonderful man and has a wonderful family. 
Across the last several years, I 
worked very closely with his wife and his family in helping them try to influ-ence our government to find Warren. The one thing I realized across the last several years working on these matters is that, even though we have incredibly dedicated men and women who work at the FBI, who work at the CIA, who work at the State Department, who work on hostage recovery matters, as my colleague from California has pointed out, these efforts are not near-ly as well coordinated as they should be. 
We do not have someone on point 
who wakes up every day with the mis-sion of finding American hostages that are held in the Middle East. 
This amendment does this. By ap-
pointing and creating a hostage recov-ery coordinator, we will have that sin-gle person on point who will be able to take all of the resources of the U.S. Government—our technological re-sources, our intelligence resources, our 
military resources, and the resources of this Congress—and do a better job in identifying Americans that are held hostage overseas by terrorists. 
It is an incredibly important thing to 
do. Again, I saw firsthand in my experi-ence working with Warren’s family and working with very dedicated people in our government that the bureaucracy is getting in the way. The people are dedicated, but they don’t have the abil-ity to cut through the bureaucracy and grab whatever resources exist in the government. 
What this bill does is empower a per-
son, an individual, who can do that, who can grab whatever assets are need-ed in the U.S. Government to help find hostages who are held overseas, which is why I support the amendment. 
As my colleague from California 
pointed out, they will also do a very important function, which is to com-municate and coordinate with the fam-ilies, the families who are suffering like Warren’s family has for over 3 years with the uncertainty and a lack of information about where he is. 
I strongly support the amendment, 
and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Again, I want to thank my colleague 
from California for his leadership in this area and for giving me an oppor-tunity to work with him on behalf of my constituent, Warren. 
I want to thank, again, the ranking 
member and chairman for supporting this amendment. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire how much time I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. HUNTER. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
I would like to thank the gentleman 
from Maryland, too, for his work on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.026 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3172 May 14, 2015 
this. He shouldn’t have to and Warren’s 
family shouldn’t have to go through what they go through. Hopefully, this makes it better. 
I would like to thank the ranking 
member and Chairman T
HORNBERRY for 
supporting this as well. 
Lastly, to get something like this 
done, it takes people within the De-partment of Defense, within the sys-tem, who actually know what needs to get done. Lieutenant Colonel Jason Amerine has worked in my office now for about 2 years on this amendment, and he is someone who really cares. 
He has been working hostage stuff 
with about every government agency that there is. I just want to say he played a big role in getting this to where it is at now. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 31, 33, 34, 40, 43, 47, 48, 49, and 50 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS OF  
OHIO 
At the end of subtitle E of title X (page 474, 
after line 17), add the following new section: 
SEC. 10 ll. CIVILIAN AVIATION ASSET MILITARY 
PARTNERSHIP PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ARTICIPATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, may participate in a Civilian Aviation Asset Military Partnership Pilot Program (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Pro-gram’’) in accordance with this section. 
(b) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—Subject to the 
availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, may make a grant under the Program, on a competitive basis, to an eligible airport to assist a project— 
(1) to improve aviation infrastructure; or (2) to repair, replace, or otherwise improve 
an eligible tower facility at that airport. 
(c) N
UMBER .—Not more than three eligible 
airports may receive a grant under the Pro-gram for a fiscal year. 
(d) A
MOUNT .—The amount provided to each 
eligible airport that receives a grant under the Program may not exceed $2,500,000. 
(e) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant 
under the Program, an eligible airport shall submit to the Secretary of Defense an appli-cation at such time, in such form, and con-taining such information as the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, deter-mines is appropriate. An application shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
(1) the proposed project with respect to 
which a grant is requested, including esti-mated costs; (2) the need for the project at the eligible 
airport, including how the project will assist both civil aircraft and military aircraft; and 
(3) the non-Federal funding available for 
the project. 
(f) S
ELECTION AND TERMS .—The Secretary 
of Defense and the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration shall jointly— 
(1) select eligible airports to receive grants 
under the Program; and 
(2) establish the terms of each grant made 
under the Program. 
(g) F
UNDING .— 
(1) F EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project assisted with a grant under the Program may not exceed 70 per-cent. Prioritization shall be given to projects with the lowest Federal share. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—With respect to the 
Federal share of the cost of a project assisted with a grant under the Program, 50 percent of that Federal share shall be paid by the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration and 50 percent shall be paid by the Secretary of Defense. 
(h) T
ERMINATION .—The Program shall ter-
minate at the end of the third fiscal year in which a grant is made under the Program. 
(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) E LIGIBLE AIRPORT .—The term ‘‘eligible 
airport’’ means an airport at which— 
(A) military aircraft conducts operations; 
and 
(B) civil aircraft operations are conducted. (2) E
LIGIBLE TOWER FACILITY .—The term 
‘‘eligible tower facility’’ means a tower facil-ity that— 
(A) is located at an eligible airport; (B) is greater than 30 years of age; and (C) has demonstrated failings. (3) A
VIATION INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term 
‘‘aviation infrastructure’’ means any activ-ity defined under the term ‘‘airport develop-ment’’ in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Strike section 1225 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1225. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO THE VET-TED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1209(f) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3543) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Secretary of Defense’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘for Overseas Contingency 
Operations’’ and inserting ‘‘under the Syria Train and Equip Fund’’; and 
(C) by further adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—At the same time 
the Secretary of Defense submits a request for a reprogramming or transfer of funds under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report that contains the following: 
‘‘(A) U
PDATE .—An update of the com-
prehensive strategy required under section 1225(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—A certification that— 
‘‘(i) a required number and type of United 
States Armed Forces have been established to meet the objectives of the strategy and such Armed Forces, including support and enablers, have been or will be deployed to meet the objectives of the strategy; and 
‘‘(ii) a required amount of support, includ-
ing support provided by United States Armed Forces and enablers, has been or will be pro-vided by the United States to the elements 
of the Syrian opposition that are to be trained and equipped under this section to ensure that such elements are able to defend themselves from attacks by ISIL and Gov-ernment of Syria forces consistent with the purposes set forth in subsection (a). 
‘‘(C) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A detailed description 
of how the funds subject to the request for a reprogramming or transfer of funds under paragraph (1) will be used to meet the objec-tives of the strategy.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any request for a reprogram-ming or transfer of funds under section 1209(f) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by para-graph (1), that is submitted on or after such date of enactment. 
(b) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive strategy for Syria and Iraq. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The com-
prehensive strategy shall contain the fol-lowing: 
(A) An identification of requirements that 
have been established to ensure that assist-ance provided to appropriately vetted ele-ments of the Syrian opposition and other ap-propriately vetted Syrian groups and indi-viduals achieve the purposes set forth in sec-tion 1209(a) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541). 
(B) A description of United States policy 
and strategy for addressing the Assad regime in Syria and the post-Assad regime in Syria. 
(C) A detailed explanation of how the mili-
tary campaigns in Syria and Iraq are inte-grated and a description of the goals, objec-tives, and the end states for Syria and Iraq, including a description of how the train and equip programs in Iraq and Syria support the goals, objectives, and end states in Iraq and Syria. 
(D) A description of the roles and respon-
sibilities of each coalition country under the strategy. 
(E) A description of the relevant agency 
roles and responsibilities and interagency coordination under the strategy. 
(3) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 1209(e)(2) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3543). 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
OF COLORADO  
Page 575, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 575, line 10, strike the period and in-
sert a semicolon. 
Page 575, after line 10, insert the following: 
(10) the sale of advanced weaponry to Iran, 
particularly advanced air defenses, encour-ages bad behavior by Iran and poses a high risk of destabilizing the region and should be opposed; and 
(11) no terrorism-related sanctions should 
be lifted or loosened as a part of any nuclear agreement and additional sanctions should be considered against Iran due to Iran’s con-tinued state sponsorship of terrorism, its de-velopment and proliferation of ballistic mis-sile technology, its continued biological and chemical weapons programs, and the egre-gious violation of the human rights of the Iranian people. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
OHIO 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII (page 
594, after line 25), add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.094 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3173 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 12xx. LIMITATION ON MILITARY CONTACT 
AND COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense may be used for any bilat-eral military-to-military contact or coopera-tion between the Governments of the United States and the Russian Federation until the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, certifies to the ap-propriate congressional committees that— 
(1) the armed forces of the Russian Federa-
tion are no longer illegally occupying Ukrainian territory; 
(2) the Russian Federation is respecting 
the sovereignty of all Ukrainian territory; 
(3) the Russian Federation is no longer 
taking actions that are inconsistent with the INF Treaty; and 
(4) the Russian Federation has not sold or 
otherwise transferred the Club-K land attack cruise missile system to any foreign country or foreign person during fiscal year 2015. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the limitation in subsection (a) with respect to a certification requirement speci-fied in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) if— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-
tion with the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate congressional committees— 
(A) a notification that such a waiver is in 
the national security interest of the United States and a description of the national se-curity interest covered by the waiver; and 
(B) a report explaining why the Secretary 
of Defense cannot make the certification under subsection (a); and 
(2) a period of 30 days has elapsed following 
the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the information in the report under paragraph (1)(B). 
(c) A
DDITIONAL WAIVER .—The Secretary of 
Defense may waive the limitation required by subsection (a)(4) with respect to the sale or other transfer of the Club-K land attack cruise missile system if— 
(1) the United States has imposed sanc-
tions against the manufacturer of such sys-tem by reason of such sale or other transfer; or 
(2) the Secretary has developed and sub-
mitted to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to prevent the sale or other transfer of such system in the future. 
(d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN MILITARY  
BASES.—The certification requirement speci-
fied in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) shall not apply to military bases of the Russian Federation in Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula operating in accordance with its 1997 agree-ment on the Status and Conditions of the Black Sea Fleet Stationing on the Territory of Ukraine. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) B
ILATERAL MILITARY -TO-MILITARY CON -
TACT OR COOPERATION .—The term ‘‘bilateral 
military-to-military contact or coopera-tion’’— 
(A) means— (i) reciprocal visits and meetings by high- 
ranking delegations; 
(ii) information sharing, policy consulta-
tions, security dialogues or other forms of consultative discussions; 
(iii) exchanges of military instructors, 
training personnel, and students; (iv) exchanges of information; 
(v) defense planning; and (vi) military training or exercises; but (B) does not include any contact or co-
operation that is in support of United States stability operations. 
(3) I
NF TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate- Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes ef-
fect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to funds described in subsection (a) that are unobligated as of such date of enactment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  
At the of subtitle F of title XII (page 604, 
after line 16), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON OPPORTUNI-
TIES TO ENHANCE THE UNITED STATES ALLIANCE WITH THE RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the alliance between the United States 
and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, in the Asia-Pacific region, and around the world; 
(2) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to strengthen and adapt the comprehensive strategic alliance of bilat-eral, regional, and global scope to serve as a linchpin of peace and stability in the Asia- Pacific region, recognizing the shared values of democracy, human rights, free and open market, and the rule of law, as reaffirmed in the May 2013 ‘‘Joint Declaration in Com-memoration of the 60th Anniversary of the Alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States of America’’; 
(3) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to broaden and deepen the scope and level of alliance cooperation by strengthening the combined defense posture on the Korean Peninsula, enhancing mutual security based on the Republic of Korea- United States Mutual Defense Treaty, and promoting cooperation for regional and glob-al security in the 21st century, recognizing the significance of 2015 as it marks the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II; 
(4) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share deep concerns that North Ko-rea’s nuclear and ballistic missiles programs and its repeated provocations pose grave threats to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia and recognize that both nations are determined to achieve the peaceful denuclearization of North Korea, and remain fully committed to con-tinuing close cooperation on the full range of issues related to North Korea; 
(5) the United States supports the vision of 
a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully re-united on the basis of democratic and free market principles, as articulated in Presi-dent Park’s Dresden address; and 
(6) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share the future interests of both na-tions in securing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MS . ROS- 
LEHTINEN OF FLORIDA  
At the appropriate place in title XII of the 
bill, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12xx. COMBATING CRIME THROUGH INTEL-
LIGENCE CAPABILITIES. 
The Secretary of Defense is authorized to 
deploy assets, personnel, and resources to United States Southern Command, in coordi-nation with the Joint Interagency Task 
Force South, to combat the following by sup-plying sufficient intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities: 
(1) Transnational criminal organizations. (2) Drug trafficking. (3) Bulk shipments of narcotics or cur-
rency. 
(4) Narco-terrorism and terrorist financing. (5) Human trafficking. (6) The presence and influence of Iran, Rus-
sia, and China in the Western Hemisphere. 
(7) The national security threat posed by 
the presence and influence of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Hezbollah, or any other foreign terrorist or-ganization in the Western Hemisphere. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
Page 649, after line 21, insert the following: 
SEC. 1543. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON 
USE OF FUNDS PROVIDED FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit to Congress a report on how funds authorized to be appropriated for overseas contingency operations were ulti-mately used. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  
Page 689, line 18, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 689, after line 18, insert the following 
new paragraph (and redesignate the subse-quent paragraph accordingly): 
(2) by striking paragraph (3) of subsection 
(c) and inserting the following new para-graph (3): 
‘‘(3) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The 
procedures established pursuant to sub-section (a) shall limit the dissemination of information obtained or derived through such procedures to entities— 
‘‘(A) with missions that may be affected by 
such information; 
‘‘(B) that may be called upon to assist in 
the diagnosis, detection, or mitigation of cyber incidents; 
‘‘(C) that conduct counterintelligence or 
law enforcement investigations; or 
‘‘(D) for national security purposes, includ-
ing cyber situational awareness and defense purposes.’’; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . SHERMAN  
OF CALIFORNIA  
Page 851, line 2, strike ‘‘section’’ and insert 
‘‘sections’’. 
Page 851, strike line 3 and all that follows 
through page 852, line 9, and insert the fol-lowing new subsections: 
‘‘f.(1) In accordance with paragraph (2), the 
Secretary may not make an authorization under subsection b.(2) with respect to a cov-ered foreign country with a nuclear naval propulsion program unless— 
‘‘(A) the Director of National Intelligence 
and the Chief of Naval Operations jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the risks of di-version, and the likely consequences of such diversion, of the technology and material covered by such authorization; 
‘‘(B) following the date on which such as-
sessment is submitted, and, to the extent practicable, concurrently during the process under which the Secretary evaluates such authorization, the Administrator for Nuclear Security certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that— 
‘‘(i) there is sufficient diversion control as 
part of the transfer under such authoriza-tion; and 
‘‘(ii) such transfer presents a minimal risk 
of diversion of such technology to a military program that would degrade the technical advantage of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.036 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3174 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(C) a period of 14 days has elapsed fol-
lowing the date of such certification. 
‘‘(2) The limitation in paragraph (1) shall 
apply as follows: 
‘‘(A) During the period preceding the date 
on which the Chief of Naval Operations first makes a determination under paragraph (3), with respect to technology and material cov-ered by an authorization under subsection b.(2). 
‘‘(B) During the period beginning on the 
date on which the Chief first makes such de-termination, with respect to the critical civil nuclear technologies of the United States covered by a determination made under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) Not later than June 1, 2016, and 
quinquennially thereafter, the Chief of Naval Operations shall determine the critical civil nuclear technologies of the United States that should be protected from diversion to a military program of a covered foreign coun-try, including with respect to naval propul-sion and weapons. The Chief shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of each such determination. 
‘‘(4) Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the Director of National Intel-ligence determines that there is evidence to believe that critical civil nuclear technology of the United States has been diverted to a foreign country not covered by an authoriza-tion made pursuant to subsection b., includ-ing an agreement for cooperation made pur-suant to section 123, the Director shall no-tify the appropriate congressional commit-tees of such determination. 
‘‘(5) The Secretary shall annually notify 
the appropriate congressional committees that each covered foreign country is in com-pliance with its obligations under any au-thorization made pursuant to subsection b., including an agreement for cooperation made pursuant to section 123. 
‘‘(6) In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ means— 
‘‘(i) the congressional defense committees 
(as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code); 
‘‘(ii) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(B) The term ‘covered foreign country’ 
means a foreign country that is a nuclear- weapon state, as defined by Article IX (3) of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nu-clear Weapons, signed at Washington, Lon-don, and Moscow on July 1, 1968, but does not include the United Kingdom or France. 
‘‘g.(1) The Secretary may not make an au-
thorization under subsection b.(2) with re-spect to a covered foreign country if a for-eign person of the covered foreign country has been sanctioned under the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Nonproliferation Act (Pub-lic Law 106-178; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) during the five-year period preceding the date of the transfer being sought unless the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the covered foreign country is taking adequate measures to prevent, or is making significant progress in preventing, transfers or acquisitions covered by section 2(a) of the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Non-proliferation Act. 
‘‘(2) The terms ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ and ‘covered foreign country’ have the meanings given those terms in sub-section f.(6).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  
Page 53, after line 14, insert the following 
(and redesignate the subsequent subsections accordingly): (c) In implementing the requirements of 
this section, the Secretary of Defense may seek information from the directorates of the Louis Stokes Alliances for Minority Par-ticipation program (LSAMP) and Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities Under-graduate Program (HBCU-UP) of the Na-tional Science Foundation; the American As-sociation for the Advancement of Science; the Emerging Researchers National Con-ference in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics; the University of Florida Institute for African-American Mentoring in Computing Sciences (iAAMCS); the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities; the National Indian Education Association; and such other institutions, organizations, or as-sociations as the Secretary deems useful. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Page 58, after line 5, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 226. REPORT ON GRADUATE FELLOWSHIPS 
IN SUPPORT OF SCIENCE, MATHE-MATICS, AND ENGINEERING EDU-CATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on— 
(1) the number of individuals from racial or 
ethnic minority groups, women, and disabled individuals who have participated in the graduate fellowship program under section 2191 of title 10, United States Code, over the ten-year period preceding the date of the re-port; 
(2) barriers encountered in recruiting indi-
viduals from racial and ethnic minority groups, women, and disabled individuals to participate in such programs; and 
(3) recommended policy changes to in-
crease such participation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of subtitle C of title II (page 58, 
after line 5), add the following new section: 
SEC. 226. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
FFRDC FACILITATION OF A HIGH QUALITY TECHNICAL WORKFORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The quality of the United States’ future 
scientific and technical workforce is a mat-ter of national security concern. 
(2) Department of Defense support for 
science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics education programs facilitates the training of a future scientific and technical workforce that will contribute significantly to Department of Defense research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation functions, and the readiness of the future force. 
(3) Federally Funded Research and Devel-
opment Centers sponsored by the Depart-ment of Defense employ a highly skilled workforce that is qualified to support science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics education initiatives, including through meaningful volunteer opportunities in primary and secondary educational set-tings, and through cooperative relationships and arrangements with private sector orga-nizations and State and local governments, to facilitate the training of a future sci-entific and technical workforce. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of 
Congress that the Department of Defense should explore using existing authorities for promoting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs, such as section 233 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291), to allow Federally Funded Research and Devel-opment Centers to help facilitate and shape a high quality scientific and technical future workforce that can support Department of 
Defense needs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY OF  
TEXAS  
Page 58, after line 5, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 2 ll. FUNDING FOR MV–22A DIGITAL INTER-
OPERABILITY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D— 
(1) the amount authorized to be appro-
priated in section 101 for aircraft procure-ment, Navy, for the V–22, line 059, as speci-fied in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, for the digital interoperability program is hereby increased by $64,300,000; and 
(2) the amount authorized to be appro-
priated in section 201 for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, Navy, for the V– 22A, line 099, as specified in the cor-responding funding table in section 4201, for the digital interoperability program is here-by increased by $10,700,000. 
(b) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts 
set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amounts authorized to be appropriated in section 101 for aircraft procurement, Navy, for spares and repair parts, line 063, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, is hereby reduced by $75,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Page 68, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 317. REPORT ON MERGER OF OFFICE OF AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY FOR OPER-ATIONAL ENERGY PLANS AND DEP-UTY UNDER SECRETARY FOR IN-STALLATIONS AND ENVIRONMENT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
Congress a report on the merger of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and the Office of the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment under section 901 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3462. Such report shall include— 
(1) a description of how the office is imple-
menting its responsibilities under sections 138(b)(9), 138(c), and 2925(b) of title 10, United States Code, and Department of Defense Di-rectives 5134.15 (Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Operational Energy Plans and Pro-grams) and 4280.01 (Department of Defense Energy Policy); 
(2) a description of any efficiencies 
achieved as a result of the merger; and 
(3) the number of Department of Defense 
personnel whose responsibilities are focused on energy matters specifically. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, in this en bloc pack-
age, which I encourage all Members on both sides of the aisle to adopt, there are 14 total amendments. Six of those amendments are from my Democratic colleagues; eight are from my Repub-lican colleagues. 
There are a lot of important subjects 
that are in these amendments, as Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle make contributions to the bill, and I hope that Members on both sides of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.036 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3175 May 14, 2015 
aisle, when it comes to final passage— 
if this en bloc package is adopted—that when it comes to final passage of the bill, they will support final passage of the bill so that their work can come to fruition. 
That is what it takes, Mr. Chairman. 
It is support on final passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 10 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. 
The chairman of the committee, on a 
couple of occasions, has made reference to the fact that, if you have things in the bill, it doesn’t make any sense to vote against it because then you are basically nullifying your own work. 
Then there was a statement earlier 
about how never before has a party asked for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this National Defense Authorization Act. He is actu-ally wrong about that. 
In 2009 and in 2010, the Republican 
Party asked for a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. In fact, 160 Republicans in one year voted ‘‘no’’—that was virtually all of them— and 131 voted ‘‘no’’ in another year. 
To now argue that, A, you shouldn’t 
oppose the NDAA because it supports our troops after having opposed it in 2010 and in 2011 is very, very incon-sistent. 
Now, they had their reasons. I think 
one of them was hate crimes was in-cluded, and I think the other one was that repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell was included. I would also venture to guess that, as a very senior member of the Armed Services Committee at the time, Mr. T
HORNBERRY had stuff in 
both of those bills. He can correct me if I am wrong about that, but I would be stunned if he hadn’t worked on those bills and had amendments in them; yet he voted ‘‘no’’ on both occasions. 
I hope for the rest of this debate we 
can at least dispense with that argu-ment, that notion that, number one, no party has ever asked to oppose the de-fense bill when, in fact, the Repub-licans did it when they didn’t like the substance. 
Let me say and be clear on that. I 
completely respect that. That is the choice we, as legislators, have to make. You have to decide whether or not, on balance, a bill is worth voting for or voting against; but this notion that, somehow, you can never vote against the NDAA rings unbelievably hollow from people who have voted against the NDAA. 
This idea that, if you get something 
in the bill that you support, it doesn’t make any sense to vote against it, rings every little bit as hollow when at least the Members who were here in 2009 and 2010 on the Republican side of the aisle, virtually all of them did ex-actly that. b1815 
This year, what we as Democrats are 
saying is there is something about this bill that we don’t like that regret-tably—and I say this with all sin-cerity—trumps the things about the bill that we do like. The thing about the bill that we don’t like is it uses the overseas contingency operations fund to bust the budget caps. 
One, as Secretary of Defense Ash Car-
ter has made clear, that is a terrible way to budget within the Pentagon, and he has said he opposes it because of the restrictions that it places on them and because of the difficulties that it places on the Department of Defense. 
Two, it is disingenuous to claim that 
you are keeping the budget caps and that the OCO money somehow doesn’t count because it is, I guess, free money; it is outside of the budget caps. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
myself an additional 30 seconds. 
Lastly, if you simply let defense out 
of jail in this awkward way and keep everything else under the budget caps, we will never get rid of the budget caps. 
That is the reason, and it is, I think, 
a pretty legitimate reason. If the Re-publican budget holds, we will never be able to get rid of the budget caps. That is why we are opposed to it. It is a le-gitimate reason. You can disagree with it, but let’s stop with this whole, ‘‘Oh, if you have an amendment in it, you can’t oppose it, and you can’t oppose the NDAA because it supports our troops’’ when the very people who are making that argument and who had a reason did exactly that. You can argue about whether or not the reason was justified, but, certainly, it is not con-sistent to make the opposite argument now. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 2 minutes. 
I remember very well the instances 
that the gentleman from Washington talked about. 
In one case, it was the Senate that 
added hate crimes to the conference re-port of the NDAA when it came back from the conference. It is absolutely true that, when that happened—an issue completely outside of the mili-tary—and went to conference, I and many others voted against it because we thought that was a mistake. It is also true that many of us on this side of the aisle voted against the bill the next year, but that was because of what was in the bill. It was related to the Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell issue and how that was being handled. 
That is exactly what the gentleman 
talked about earlier, which was where you balance what is in it and what is not and the good and the bad, and we all do that all the time. Absolutely right. 
What is different about this case is 
this bill is being held hostage to fix something else. Mr. Chairman, I would like to fix ObamaCare, but I am not 
going to vote against the NDAA until that happens. I would like to have a simpler Tax Code, but I am not going to vote against the NDAA until that happens. It is trying to use this and the good it does for our troops to put polit-ical pressure on Congress to agree with the President about changes in the Budget Control Act. It is different here. 
My point is really very practical. If 
people get amendments in the bill and then they vote against the bill and the bill goes down, what happens to those amendments? They are dead. I am not arguing it morally; I am arguing it practically. That is what happens to any bill that goes down. The content of the bill is defeated, and I just don’t think that makes much sense. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, last 
week, I led a congressional delegation to the Middle East to investigate the flow of foreign fighters in and out of Syria and Iraq. While in Baghdad, I met with senior U.S. officials and lead-ers in the Iraqi Government, including the Prime Minister of Iraq. 
I am concerned, Mr. Chairman, that 
the lessons of the Maliki years in Iraq are not being learned as Sunnis and Kurds in Iraq continue to be on the sidelines. Sectarian divisions are being inflamed by the rise of Shia militants in Sunni communities. That is the proxy arm of Iran. The Kurds, mean-while, are not getting access to the weapons they need from the central government quickly enough to fight ISIS. We need to empower the Peshmerga and the moderate Sunni tribes. 
This act takes important steps to not 
only counter ISIS, but to hold the Iraqi Government accountable to the major constituencies in the country—Shias, Sunnis, and Kurds. Specifically, sec-tion 1223 of the bill before us ties as-sistance to the Iraqi Government to progress in key areas, such as the cen-tral government’s addressing griev-ances of ethnic and sectarian minori-ties; increasing political inclusiveness; reducing support for ISIS; and ensuring that U.S.-supplied equipment and weaponry is making it to the security forces in Iraq, who need it the most to defeat ISIS. 
The passage of this bill before us will 
go a long way in addressing the ISIS threat to the region and to the home-land. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 15 seconds just to say that the OCO spending, which is the problem, is in the bill. We are not just opposing this because of stuff that isn’t in the bill. The OCO workaround that busts the budget caps without busting the budget caps is in the bill. It is a substantive part of it. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.096 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3176 May 14, 2015 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the chair-
man and the ranking member for in-cluding my amendment in this en bloc. 
Section 3119 of the bill, as reported 
from the Armed Services Committee, seeks to deal with a significant issue that has come to light regarding some commercial nuclear transfers. 
The potential for some U.S. reactor 
technology to be diverted by recipient countries with naval programs is a se-rious concern that needs to be ad-dressed. Section 3119 begins that proc-ess. My amendment is designed to im-prove it. 
There has been discussion in the 
press and in a Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee hearing on the re-newal of the China 123 agreement that China would divert U.S. nuclear tech-nology to its naval program, particu-larly with regard to the propulsion of naval vessels. 
My amendment would streamline the 
process by which we would license technology under a 123 agreement. It would also provide that Congress should be notified whenever there is substantial evidence that the 123 agree-ment, a nuclear cooperation agree-ment, has been violated, as, perhaps, when nuclear technology is diverted for military purposes, including the pro-pulsion of naval vessels. 
Most importantly, we know that 
China has not yet taken the steps it needs to take to prevent proliferation. My amendment adds a requirement that, when we are going to license the transfer of nuclear technology to Bei-jing, we can do that only if there is a certification that China is taking the steps necessary to prevent prolifera-tion to Iran and other problem coun-tries. 
I look forward to our using our nu-
clear cooperation with China on civil-ian matters to prod them into a non-proliferation policy that makes sense for the safety of the world. 
I thank the chairman and his staff 
for working closely with my staff in crafting this amendment, and I thank the ranking member and chair for in-cluding this in the en bloc. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am happy to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), 
a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee and the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the chair-
man of the Armed Services Committee for his leadership on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my 
amendment, amendment No. 26. This amendment would add two important components to the underlying language on Iran contained in the bill. 
First, it highlights our concerns 
about the negative consequences of the Russians’ selling the S–300 antiaircraft system to Iran. This will only encour-age Iran’s bad behavior. 
Second, it adds language that makes 
it clear that no terrorism-related sanc-tions should be lifted as part of a nu-clear deal with Iran. We should not turn a blind eye to Iran’s continued 
sponsorship of terrorism around the world. 
In a later en bloc, I will have amend-
ment No. 101, prohibiting military ex-changes with Iran. President Obama, unfortunately, treats our adversaries, many times, better than our friends. That is wrong and dangerous. My amendment will prevent the adminis-tration from forcing our military to be too friendly with the Iranian regime. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the gentleman very much for yielding to me, and let me thank the chairman of the full committee. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to support Jack-
son Lee amendment No. 64, and I am very pleased to have the support of the ranking member and the chairman. This amendment is supported by Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , who is the chair of the 
Congressional Black Caucus, along with Ms. A
DAMS and Ms. B ARBARA LEE. 
It focuses on Historically Black Col-
leges—it is something that I have of-fered on a number of occasions—and their ability to expand their capacity in science, technology, engineering, and math. It includes Hispanic-serving institutions, Native American colleges, and the National Science Foundation Directorates. It focuses these entities on building their capacities by collabo-rating with the Department of Defense. 
We know that the Department of De-
fense has a myriad of opportunities for research and development, i.e., some of the research that has been done on tri-ple negative breast cancer, which is an amendment that I offered in the last DOD. Certainly, it is well renowned that the Internet had its early begin-nings with the Department of Defense, and many other powerful research finds and successes have come from that. 
I would just say that this amendment 
is now included in the en bloc, and I thank both the chairman and the rank-ing member as it now opens the doors for these institutions of higher learn-ing to collaborate with their professors and their students academically to do research or to collaborate where nec-essary and build capacity on science, technology, engineering, and math. 
I thank the gentleman for including 
my amendment. I believe it enhances the educational opportunities of young people, and it moves forward the R&D, which is so vital to this country, by ex-panding the opportunities to unique in-stitutions which serve a very special population and which have educated these young people from the 1800s. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ), the distinguished former 
chair of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I thank the 
chairman for including my amendment en bloc. Mr. Chairman, the amendment is 
very simple. It authorizes the Sec-retary of Defense to deploy assets, per-sonnel, and resources to SOUTHCOM and to the Joint Interagency Task Force South in order to take on threats with sufficient intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capa-bilities. 
Terror groups receive a large number 
of financial resources through the il-licit drug trade and in their coopera-tion with drug cartels in our region, and we are dangerously ill-equipped to tackle these threats. It is in our vital national security interests to bolster our efforts to counter the nexus be-tween drug traffickers and terror groups. To do so, we need to give SOUTHCOM the resources it needs to get the job done. 
Not nearly enough attention is being 
paid to the Western Hemisphere, and with our limited resources and intel-ligence capabilities, our visibility and assessment of the threats in our hemi-sphere are dangerously inadequate. 
This lack of resources jeopardizes our 
national security as terrorist organiza-tions like Hezbollah and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are in-creasingly operating in our hemi-sphere; and we all know that Iran, Rus-sia, and China are expanding their in-fluences here in order to undermine our regional interests. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
Mr. PETERS. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, diversifying our mili-
tary’s fuel supply is a national security imperative given the serious new threats we face as a country. More than 3,000 men and women in uniform have been killed or wounded since Sep-tember 11, 2001, in attacks on our mili-tary’s fuel convoys. 
Delivering technologies to our troops 
that improve efficiency so that they depend less on traditional sources of fuel is a lifesaving strategy. We need a strong, smart, forward-looking mili-tary force that provides our warfighters with the tools necessary to quickly and decisively confront the dy-namic new threats our country is fac-ing. As our military adapts in order to fight these new threats, we will need to increase our technological superiority, and part of that will depend on cre-ating, developing, and delivering new kinds of energy to troops in the field. 
My amendment, which is included in 
this en bloc package—and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work on that—asks the Depart-ment of Defense to report on its plan to merge two offices at the Pentagon that handle parts of the military’s energy strategy and sustainability efforts. 
Congress and the American people 
need assurance that these Pentagon of-fices have enough staff and resources to complete the missions asked of them and that we are seeing the de-sired increase in efficiency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.098 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3177 May 14, 2015 
b1830 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank the distin-guished chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , 
for yielding. I am also grateful to Ranking Member S
MITH for the oppor-
tunity to discuss the issue of mental health treatment for our military serv-icemembers. 
I know we all care deeply about the 
health of our servicemembers. For those who have borne the battle, we share a commitment to come to their aid, whether their wounds are a visible amputation or the invisible problems of post-traumatic stress disorder. 
The statistics, as you know, are so-
bering: 22 vets die by suicide each day, and more than 600,000 vets are diag-nosed with post-traumatic stress dis-order. Delivering proper treatment for mental health is really a matter of life and death. We can provide these war-riors with treatment and medications they need, or we can continue to pro-vide their families with folded flags and our condolences to their widows. 
But it is not enough to just provide a 
few limited medications, because peo-ple react differently to medication. Some medications can work well with one person or result in adverse side ef-fects to another with the same diag-nosis. Side effects may include drug-to- drug interactions, allergic reactions, excessive sedation, and weight gain, with increased risk of diabetes. That is why doctors must be able to choose the medication that fits for the soldier. But when DOD or the VA limits the choices, that puts soldiers at risk. The servicemember may stop taking the medication, withdraw from treatment, and may deteriorate. We should not add to their risk. 
I would ask the chairman and the 
ranking member to work with me to ensure that the full array of FDA-ap-proved medications are accessible for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and ma-rines who need these lifesaving drugs. They fought for our country overseas; they should not have to fight the De-partment of Defense and the VA over here. 
Chairman T
HORNBERRY , I seek a com-
mitment that we do not allow account-ants to choose which medications are available for the psychiatric conditions of our servicemen and -women. Let the physician working with the service-member or veteran make those deci-sions. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I 
yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding, for I have tremen-dous respect for his opinion and for his service that bears directly on these issues. I share the gentleman’s com-mitment to do everything we can to improve suicide rates, to have better 
care for those who serve, and I abso-lutely commit to work with the gen-tleman to get the best possible out-comes for those who serve. I know that is what the gentleman works for in all his capacities, and it is what the com-mittee wants to work for, too. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
hoping that all Members support the bill on final passage, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I have serious con-
cerns with the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. Stivers). 
This amendment authorizes the Department 
of Defense (DOD) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to create a new grant program, the Asset Military Partnership Pilot Program, to fund air traffic control towers and airport infrastructure at airports that support DOD missions. 
Although I recognize that both the FAA and 
DOD have a shared interest in keeping our national airspace safe and secure, it is unclear how this new program achieves these goals. To my knowledge, neither the FAA nor DOD has requested that Congress authorize this new program. Moreover, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is in the midst of developing a bill to reauthorize the FAA and its programs. Neither the gentleman from Ohio nor anyone else has put forward the need for this program. Instead, it is added on the Floor as an amendment with a possible 10 minutes of debate. In fact, the amendment is likely to be adopted without any debate. That is not how we should be legislating in this body. 
Why are we doing this? All indications are 
that this amendment is simply an attempt to fund specific airport projects at Rickenbacker International Airport, a civil-military public air-port near Columbus, Ohio. 
I do not object to the FAA offering grants to 
assist an airport in improving infrastructure or repairing or replacing an air traffic control tower. In fact, a process for this already exists. The Airport Improvement Program (AIP) has a grant set-aside of approximately $15 million a year under the Military Airport Program (MAP) for the conversion of military airfields to civil or joint-use airports. Over the past 30 years, Rickenbacker Airport has received more than $62 million of AIP and MAP funds for airport- related projects. 
Although Rickenbacker has long participated 
in the AIP and MAP programs, this amend-ment creates a new program with the same objectives as existing programs but its own pot of money. It authorizes grants of up to $2.5 million for three airports, which must meet very specific criteria. It requires the FAA and DOD to each contribute one-half of the funds. The purpose appears simply to create an additional source of funding for a particular airport. 
As this bill moves to Conference with the 
other body, I am hopeful that the Committees on Armed Services will take a hard look at whether creating this new program is in the Nation’s best interests and how it relates to the existing AIP and MAP programs. Mr. Chair, without a better explanation, I do 
not see why Congress would create another airport program. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–112 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. P
OLIS of 
Colorado. 
Amendment No. 5 by Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama. 
Amendment No. 15 by Mrs. W ALORSKI  
of Indiana. 
Amendment No. 16 by Mr. S MITH of 
Washington. 
Amendment No. 17 by Mr. M CCAULof 
Texas. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 15- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 60, noes 363, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 228] 
AYES—60 
Amash 
Bass Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Ca´rdenas 
Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cohen Conyers DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Eshoo Farr Foster Grayson Grijalva Hahn 
Huffman Kennedy Lee Lewis Lipinski Lowenthal Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McDermott McNerney Meng Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Payne Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sherman Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Titus Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—363 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr 
Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.099 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3178 May 14, 2015 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Barletta 
Capps Cleaver Davis, Danny 
Edwards Mulvaney Ribble 
Sanchez, Loretta Sessions 
b1859 
Messrs. BUTTERFIELD, HOYER, 
OLSON, VAN HOLLEN, PERRY, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, and Mr. MEEKS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, 
Messrs. PRICE of North Carolina, LIPINSKI, POCAN, Ms. HAHN, and Mr. LOWENTHAL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 221, noes 202, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 229] 
AYES—221 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—202 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier 
Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.034 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3179 May 14, 2015 
Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond 
Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Barletta Capps Chu, Judy Cleaver 
Davis, Danny Edwards Mulvaney 
Ribble Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1903 
Mr. CUMMINGS changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 243, noes 180, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 230] 
AYES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—180 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Barletta 
Capps Chu, Judy Cleaver 
Davis, Danny Edwards Mulvaney 
Ribble Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1907 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
WASHINGTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 249, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 231] 
AYES—174 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson 
Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.037 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3180 May 14, 2015 
Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—249 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Barletta 
Capps Chu, Judy Cleaver 
Davis, Danny Edwards Mulvaney 
Ribble Sanchez, Loretta 
b1912 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Members are ad-
vised that we will continue debating amendments to the NDAA after this vote series and will complete consider-ation of the bill tomorrow. 
Members are further advised that 
they should be prepared to vote as early as 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . MCCAUL  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, 2-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 253, noes 166, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 232] 
AYES—253 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—166 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings 
Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.044 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3181 May 14, 2015 
Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barletta 
Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Capps Chu, Judy 
Cleaver Davis, Danny Edwards Mulvaney Ribble 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta 
b1917 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
EED) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H. R. 1735) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. 
Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 21 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1927 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ) at 7 o’clock and 
27 minutes p.m. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE 
SENATE 
A further message from the Senate 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concur-rence of the House is requested, bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 644. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for con-tributions of food inventory. H.R. 1295. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from tax-ation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1356. An act to clarify that certain pro-
visions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Re-form Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effec-tive regulations relating to such provisions. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 260 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1735. 
Will the gentleman from New York 
(Mr. R
EED) kindly take the chair. 
b1929 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
EED (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 17 printed in House Re-port 114–112 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) had been dis-
posed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO 
DR. SHAKIL AFRIDI. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The attacks of September 11, 2001, 
killed approximately 3,000 people, most of whom were Americans, but also included hundreds of individuals with foreign citizen-ships, nearly 350 New York Fire Department personnel, and about 50 law enforcement offi-cers. 
(2) Downed United Airlines flight 93 was re-
portedly intended, under the control of the al-Qaeda high-jackers, to crash into the White House or the Capitol in an attempt to kill the President of the United States or Members of the United States Congress. 
(3) The September 11, 2001, attacks were 
largely planned and carried out by the al- Qaeda terrorist network led by Osama bin 
Laden and his deputy Ayman al Zawahiri, after which Osama bin Laden enjoyed safe haven in Pakistan from where he continued to plot deadly attacks against the United States and the world. 
(4) The United States has obligated nearly 
$30 billion between 2002 and 2014 in United States taxpayer money for security and eco-nomic aid to Pakistan. 
(5) The United States very generously and 
swiftly responded to the 2005 Kashmir Earth-quake in Pakistan with more than $200 mil-lion in emergency aid and the support of sev-eral United States military aircraft, approxi-mately 1,000 United States military per-sonnel, including medical specialists, thou-sands of tents, blankets, water containers and a variety of other emergency equipment. 
(6) The United States again generously and 
swiftly contributed approximately $150 mil-lion in emergency aid to Pakistan following the 2010 Pakistan flood, in addition to the service of nearly twenty United States mili-tary helicopters, their flight crews, and other resources to assist the Pakistan Army’s relief efforts. 
(7) The United States continues to work 
tirelessly to support Pakistan’s economic de-velopment, including millions of dollars allo-cated towards the development of Pakistan’s energy infrastructure, health services and education system. 
(8) The United States and Pakistan con-
tinue to have many critical shared interests, both economic and security related, which could be the foundation for a positive and mutually beneficial partnership. 
(9) Dr. Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physi-
cian, is a hero to whom the people of the United States, Pakistan and the world owe a debt of gratitude for his help in finally locat-ing Osama bin Laden before more innocent American, Pakistani and other lives were lost to this terrorist leader. 
(10) Pakistan, the United States and the 
international community had failed for near-ly 10 years following attacks of September 11, 2001, to locate and bring Osama bin Laden, who continued to kill innocent civil-ians in the Middle East, Asia, Europe, Africa and the United States, to justice without the help of Dr. Afridi. 
(11) The Government of Pakistan’s impris-
onment of Dr. Afridi presents a serious and growing impediment to the United States’ bilateral relations with Pakistan. 
(12) The Government of Pakistan has lev-
eled and allowed baseless charges against Dr. Afridi in a politically motivated, spurious legal process. 
(13) Dr. Afridi is currently imprisoned by 
the Government of Pakistan, a deplorable and unconscionable situation which calls into question Pakistan’s actual commitment to countering terrorism and undermines the notion that Pakistan is a true ally in the struggle against terrorism. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an inter-national hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
b1930 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 1735, a sense of the Congress that Dr. Afridi, a hero of freedom and de-cency, is imprisoned and that Pakistan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.045 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3182 May 14, 2015 
should release him from prison imme-
diately. 
Last year, this very same amend-
ment was adopted by the House but stripped during the House-Senate con-ference negotiations process. Yes, a short note of acknowledging this amendment was included in the fiscal year ’15 NDAA Joint Explanatory Statement, but that amendment itself was nevertheless stripped. I intend to request a recorded vote to demonstrate solid bipartisan support for Dr. Afridi so that future conferees will take this language more seriously and include it in the final fiscal year ’16 NDAA. 
Mr. Chairman, we need to make a 
statement in support of this American and international hero against ter-rorism. We need to support Dr. Afridi. If we abandon this friend, we put our-selves at great risk because he put himself at great risk for us. No amount of aircraft carriers will make us secure if we abandon our friends who stand with us. 
Dr. Afridi is the Pakistani medical 
doctor who helped pinpoint the loca-tion for Osama bin Laden, the terrorist coward who masterminded the mas-sacre of 3,000 Americans on 9/11. 
Because of his cooperation with the 
United States, Dr. Afridi was tried and imprisoned by Pakistan’s corrupt and oppressive government. That should be considered a hostile act by Pakistan against the people of the United States. Worse, after years of effort on the part of the United States to free him, Dr. Afridi continues to languish in a Pakistan dungeon. Yes, it is shameful we have abandoned such an heroic friend. All the while, of course, we continue to provide weapons and cash to his captors. Since 9/11 we have given Pakistan over $25 billion, the ma-jority of which goes to the military and security services which they use to murder and oppress their own people, people like the heroic Baloch people or the Sindhis, who are struggling for their freedom under Pakistan oppres-sion. 
It is a grotesque charade to suggest 
that our aid is buying Pakistan’s co-operation in the war on terror or any-thing else. So long as Dr. Afridi re-mains left to suffer this brutal impris-onment, no Pakistani promise of co-operation means anything if they can-not get themselves to release such an heroic person who never should have been arrested and who risked his life for us. How can we believe they are not supporting or even arming or supplying the world’s worst and most blood-thirsty terrorists? Pakistan has taken us for fools, and shame on us for being so stupid for financing a regime that so blatantly despises us. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment will 
remind the Government of Pakistan and our own government that we have not forgotten Dr. Afridi nor his coura-geous actions, and it will remind other brave allies of freedom as well as intel-ligence assets throughout the world that the United States will not forget them if they risk their lives for us. We 
will not turn our back and leave them to suffer a terrible fate because they were loyal to us. 
Save Dr. Afridi. I ask my colleagues 
to join me in that statement, and Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no speakers, so at this time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, let me just remind all 
of us as we try to decide how much money we are going to be spending on the military, let’s remind ourselves that we can arm ourselves to the teeth, we can make sure that we have rock-ets, aircraft carriers, and new air-planes, but if the people around the world cannot trust us, if people put themselves in an alliance with the United States, if we lose those people who can be intelligence assets, who will fight battles against terrorists like up in Erbil, which is going on right now, we have no chance at peace. 
We can’t carry the load ourselves. I 
just voted against that added aircraft carrier because what we need to do is to make sure that we are enlisting the people around the world to carry their part of the load. The American people can’t do this alone. But I will tell you, if we abandon our friends like this, if we abandon Dr. Afridi, we are putting ourselves at risk for it. 
It is shameful that we couldn’t even 
get a statement in legislation last year supporting this heroic man who risked his life to finger Osama bin Laden, the murderer, the man who slaughtered 3,000 Americans. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in this noble endeavor to send a message to Dr. Afridi, and send a message to our adversaries, the brutal terrorists around the world, that we will stand with those free people who are willing to stand with us and not forget them. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 114–112. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk, No. 27. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. LIMITATION ON FUNDS FOR IMPLE-
MENTATION OF THE NEW START TREATY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense may be used for implemen-tation of the New START Treaty until the President certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that— 
(1) the armed forces of the Russian Federa-
tion are no longer illegally occupying Ukrainian territory; 
(2) the Russian Federation is respecting 
the sovereignty of all Ukrainian territory; 
(3) the Russian Federation is no longer 
taking actions that are inconsistent with the INF Treaty; 
(4) the Russian Federation is in compliance 
with the CFE Treaty and has lifted its sus-pension of Russian observance of its treaty obligations; and 
(5) there have been no inconsistencies by 
the Russian Federation with New START Treaty requirements. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) CFE 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘CFE Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe, signed at Paris November 19, 1990, and entered into force July 17, 1992. 
(3) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate- Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
(4) N
EW START TREATU .—The term ‘‘New 
START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Rus-sian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Of-fensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and en-tered into force on February 5, 2011 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes ef-
fect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to funds described in subsection (a) that are unobligated as of such date of enactment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment is 
very simple. We should not implement a treaty—the New START treaty in this case—unless we believe the other party to the treaty is trustworthy and will uphold their end of the bargain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.114 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3183 May 14, 2015 
Now, if you don’t trust Vladimir Putin, 
then you should vote for this amend-ment, and let me explain why. 
Right now, I don’t believe the Rus-
sians are trustworthy. We know that they are already violating three major agreements: the INF Treaty, the CFE Treaty, and the Budapest Memo-randum. Mr. Putin also continues to deny that Russian forces are engaged in combat in Ukraine. 
Because this amendment deals with 
treaties, let me expand on the details of these three treaties. First, in 1994, Russia, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, and the United States signed the Buda-pest Memorandum. This agreement in-cluded a commitment to ‘‘respect’’— and I have got a copy right here—‘‘re-spect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of Ukraine’’ and a commitment to ‘‘refrain from the threat or use of force against the terri-torial integrity or political independ-ence of Ukraine.’’ 
Clearly, the recent invasions of Cri-
mea and eastern Ukraine show that the Russian Federation is in violation of the Budapest Memorandum. 
Second, in 1987, Reagan and Gorba-
chev signed the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, or INF Treaty. Last year, the State Department re-leased its annual compliance report which states—and I have a copy of it right here—‘‘the United States has de-termined that the Russian Federation is in violation of its obligations under the INF Treaty.’’ 
Third, in 2007 President Putin an-
nounced that he was suspending Rus-sian participation in the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty, or the CFE Treaty. This came after years of Rus-sian violations of that treaty. Today, as we speak, the Russian military con-tinues to occupy Ukrainian territory. 
Russian noncompliance with treaties 
cannot be disputed. My amendment would prevent the continued reduction of our nuclear weapons as required by the New START treaty unless the President can certify to Congress that the Russian Federation is no longer oc-cupying Ukrainian territory and also certifies that the Russian Federation is abiding by their obligations under these three treaties. 
So if you think that the Russian Fed-
eration might not be trustworthy, then please support this amendment. We should not unilaterally disarm and blindly assume that the Russians will do their part. If the President can cer-tify that the Russians are doing their part on these treaties, then the funding to implement the New START treaty will be released. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Tennessee is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I stand second to no 
one in my dislike of Vladimir Putin. I think most everyone in this body hates Vladimir Putin. We despise his terri-torial aggression vis-a-vis Ukraine, but this is not the right way to get back at Putin and Russia. The gentleman is a very senior and distinguished member of the committee. He is my friend. I don’t recall the gentleman offering this amendment in the Armed Services Committee markup. Did the gentleman offer this amendment? 
Mr. LAMBORN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. COOPER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. No. Mr. COOPER. May I ask why? Mr. LAMBORN. If the gentleman will 
continue to yield, I thought that it was better timing to do it in this particular venue because we had other things going on in committee. 
Mr. COOPER. But we spent some 18 
hours in committee. We considered hundreds of amendments. But the gen-tleman did not offer our committee, the Armed Services Committee, the op-portunity to discuss this amendment. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I didn’t want it to be 
18
1⁄2hours. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, reclaim-
ing my time, I would call this amend-ment by my friend from Colorado the boomerang amendment because it does not hit the intended target. Instead, it comes back and hits us. 
How does it do this? His amendment, 
as proposed, would amount to a unilat-eral U.S. treaty violation. This would effectively blind the United States when it comes to looking at things like the number of Russian nuclear weapons on deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles, the number of deployed sub-marine-launched ballistic missiles, counting nuclear weapons onboard or attached to deployed heavy bombers, and confirming weapons systems con-versions. These are the things that the New START treaty allows us to do with Russia. We need the continued ability to look at those Russian weap-ons systems. By cutting off funding for these essential national security ac-tivities, the gentleman has hit the wrong target here. That is why this is the boomerang amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman pointed 
out that Russia is despicable in so many ways. They probably violated the INF Treaty, the CFE Treaty, and the Budapest Treaty. But the gentleman is using the New START treaty to get back at those violations. He has picked the wrong target. So I have the highest regard for the gentleman, but he pro-posed this last year, and it was dropped in conference. Instead, it was sub-stituted. We had an inquiry to the Pen-tagon to get their opinion on this, and they wrote us back, and they said that the New START treaty facilitates con-ditions to make the United States more secure, and its continued imple-mentation remains in the national se-curity interests of the Nation. The Pentagon went on to say that 
the New START treaty sustains effec-tive deterrence and increases stability in the U.S.-Russian nuclear relation-ship at significantly lower levels of strategic delivery systems and war-heads. Finally, the report said that the New START treaty provides the United States a vital window into the Russian strategic nuclear arsenal. 
Let’s not blind the United States. 
The gentleman had a chance in the committee to offer this. The gentleman offered this last year, and this is the response of the Secretary of Defense, who is strongly against the gentle-man’s amendment; the Joint Chiefs of Staff are strongly against the gentle-man’s amendment. And I would suggest that, Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not in the national security interests of the United States. For the gen-tleman to propose a unilateral treaty violation, a solemn obligation of this country, is a serious undertaking, and we need more than 10 minutes to de-bate such a serious breach. 
This is a treaty, after all, only en-
tered into in 2010, but it was entered into by a solid vote of the United States Senate, 71–26. I know many of us here wish that we were Senators, but we are not. The Senate entered into that treaty solemnly. This would be a grave mistake for this body to accept the gentleman’s amendment. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge my col-
leagues to oppose the Lamborn amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 15 seconds to say it is not the right time to continue to unilater-ally disarm under the terms that we would be facing in the face of these vio-lations. 
At this time, Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, Representative M IKE ROGERS , 
the distinguished chairman of the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I want to thank the distinguished vice chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee for this amendment and for yielding time. 
Mr. Chairman, the New START trea-
ty is the only bilateral arms control treaty I am aware of that only requires one party to reduce its nuclear weap-ons, and that is the United States, while the other party, Russia, in-
creases its stockpile. 
b1945 
I have a prediction here for you 
today. If this truly is fully imple-mented by the United States prior to the 2018 deadline, we will see Russia cheating on the treaty immediately thereafter. Mark my words, unless there is a U.S. President in office at the time Putin respects, he will cheat on this treaty as soon as he gets a chance. 
The Russians have no respect for the 
agreements they make. They have no respect for international law or sov-ereignty. They respect one thing and one thing alone: strength. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.116 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3184 May 14, 2015 
I urge support of this prudent amend-
ment. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Tennessee has 1 minute remain-ing. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, with all 
due respect to my distinguished friends and colleagues, this should have been offered in committee where Members are more conversant with these issues. 
This is not the right way to get back 
at Putin and Russia, for the United States to commit a unilateral treaty breach. The gentleman has not even al-leged that the Russians have violated the New START treaty. This is one treaty that they actually seem to be adhering to. Now, we may question the wisdom of that treaty, but the Senate voted to confirm it, to ratify the trea-ty. It would be a grave mistake for this lower body to challenge that judgment. 
The key point is this: Why blind the 
United States to counting the number of Russian nuclear weapons? Why defund those activities? Don’t we want to know how many ICBMs are in their silos, how many nuclear armed sub-marines they have? Why don’t we want to know what is really going on in Rus-sia? 
I think the gentleman is mistaken by 
proposing this as an appropriate way to get back at Putin. We need more in-sight into what the Russians are doing, not less. This is a boomerang amend-ment; it attacks the wrong target. In fact, it comes back and hits us. 
I would urge the defeat of the Lam-
born amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just conclude by saying that we are being taken for suckers if we are expected to keep up one end of a bar-gain and we are dealing with a country that, in so many cases, is not keeping their end of the bargain. That is why this amendment is proposed, not to get back at them, but to protect ourselves. 
I urge adoption of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . 
BLUMENAUER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: Strike section 1407 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1407. REPEAL OF NATIONAL SEA-BASED DE-
TERRENCE FUND. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 2218a of title 10, 
United States Code is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 131 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2218a. 
SEC. 1408. ELIMINATION OF TRANSFERRED 
FUNDS FOR NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 201 for Research, Develop-
ment, Test, and Evaluation, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Navy, Advanced Component Devel-opment and Prototypes, Advanced Nuclear Power Systems (Line 045) is hereby increased by $419,300,000. 
(b) I
NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 201 for Research, Develop-ment, Test, and Evaluation, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Navy, Advanced Component Devel-opment and Prototypes, Ohio Replacement (Line 050) is hereby increased by $971,393,000. 
(c) R
EDUCTION .—Notwithstanding the 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 4501 for the National Sea- Based Deterrence Fund, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4501, for National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund is hereby reduced by $1,390,693,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment is simple. It would move the funding authority for the Navy’s next submarine—the Ohio class replacement—out of the so-called na-tional sea-based deterrence fund and put it back where it belongs, in the Navy’s shipbuilding budget. 
The amendment would not reduce 
funding for this project. It is a vote, however, for sound budget process be-cause the sea-based deterrence fund is no different than using any other sleight of hand oversea contingency op-erations, some sort of slush fund, to get around the cost caps for other pro-grams. 
This fund was created in the last de-
fense authorization because the Navy could not afford to simultaneously build back up a 300-plus surface fleet and procure the 12 Ohio class replace-ment nuclear submarines. 
The problem with the deterrence 
fund is that it doesn’t solve how we pay for all of this. It simply would shift that burden onto the Pentagon in some magic way. 
That is why the appropriators re-
fused to put money into the account after it was authorized. It doesn’t take an accountant to understand, if you buy the same amount of goods but charge them on two different credit cards, your debt will be the same amount. This fund will only lead to increased 
costs for the program and decrease transparency stability for manufactur-ers. The increased costs come from untethering the program from the Navy’s shipbuilding budget, thereby re-ducing scrutiny and discipline, the tradeoffs that we expect. 
Shipbuilders will face increased un-
certainty because no one has yet an-swered the question about where that funding will come from, setting them up for dramatic cuts once reality catches up with the budgetary gim-mick. 
I ask my colleagues if this is, in fact, 
a national priority, then make the case to amend the restrictions. Find the room to pay for the program through the traditional means. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 1
1⁄2minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, the Armed Services 
Committee and especially the Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee is probably the most bipar-tisan committees in Congress. We work very, very carefully to make sure that we are defending and protecting the United States of America. 
That is why we will have bipartisan 
opposition to this amendment. If you are against nuclear deterrence, you should vote for this amendment; but, if you are for it, you should vote against this amendment because this sea-based deterrence fund begins us down the path to fund the Ohio class replace-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I would just like to re-
mind this body that these 12 sub-marines will carry 70 percent of the nu-clear capacity of our deterrence for the United States of America. To not have this deterrence fund would be abso-lutely irresponsible. It is something we have worked for, and, while it is true it is not the complete solution, it puts us on the road to that solution. That is why I hope we will reject this amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), ranking member on the 
Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee, who has worked very, very hard for this fund and done great work on it. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, 
again, I thank the chairman who, it is true, over the last 3 years, we have worked together, as well as our prede-cessors going back to Gene Taylor and Roscoe Bartlett, who started this dis-cussion about the challenge of funding the Ohio replacement program. 
Mr. Chairman, when President 
Obama signed the New START treaty on April 8, 2010, after ratification by the U.S. Senate, one thing became crystal clear: the U.S. Navy’s nuclear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.117 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3185 May 14, 2015 
strategic mission became even more 
critical than ever. 
Why? Because, as the chairman said, 
the implementation of a nuclear arse-nal in the post-New START era will rest even more heavily on ballistic sub-marines—in fact, two-thirds of the triad in the post-New START era will be sea-based, and that is why every strategic review going back to Sec-retary Gates has identified construc-tion of the Ohio replacement program as one of the top—if not the number one—defense priority of the country. 
Let’s be clear, the Ohio program will 
be built. That is not in debate. The question for Congress is whether we will let this once in a multigenera-tional cost suffocate the rest of the Navy shipbuilding account. The Seapower report in the underlying bill provides a solution to this problem, which will provide help both for our fleet and the industrial base. 
The underlying bill activates the na-
tional sea-based deterrence fund passed last year on a bipartisan, bicameral basis to fund the design and engineer-ing work for the Ohio replacement pro-gram and is a responsible way to sup-port construction of the Ohio replace-ment fleet. 
Sponsors of this amendment call the 
fund a gimmick and a shell game. It is not a gimmick, and there is a clear precedent for this. In fact, Congress has supported the construction of de-fense and Navy sealift ships through a similar fund called the national de-fense sealift fund, which was created in 1993, and to this day pays for construc-tion of new oilers, troop transport ships, supply ships, and the like out-side of the Navy shipbuilding account. We have done it before to protect re-curring upgrades to our fleet, and we should do it again. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment to pro-
tect our shipbuilding fleet and account and also to protect America’s ship-building industrial base. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), my friend. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for yielding. 
I rise as well in opposition to the 
Blumenauer amendment and echo the comments of the chairman and the ranking member. 
The national sea-based deterrence 
fund is crucial to the future of our na-tional security. It provides space out-side the shipbuilding fund for the most survivable piece of our national deter-rence, a bill that last came due in the eighties and the Reagan defense build-up. 
These boats are absolutely essential. 
This is not just a Navy issue. As Sec-retary of Defense Carter has said, ‘‘This is a national priority.’’ 
The deterrence fund allows us to 
treat it accordingly and avoid pres-suring the Navy out of badly needed in-vestment in other ships and capabili-ties. Unless Congress acts, these boats 
will consume half of the projected ship-building funding for a decade, causing crippling shortages that would echo in our fleet for decades thereafter. 
Congress has already acknowledged 
these problems ahead, and last year, this body took a bipartisan, bicameral step, modeled on existing funding mechanisms to help. 
This amendment does nothing to ad-
dress the fundamental challenges at stake and simply moves us backward in policy as time marches on. 
I urge this amendment’s defeat. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to the amount of time remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Oregon has 3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Who has the 
right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has the right to close. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
this is by no stretch of the imagination a vote on whether or not one believes in nuclear deterrence. 
The United States has in its posses-
sion now and will continue to have far more nuclear firepower than is nec-essary to deter anybody in the world. We have not only the submarine-based weapons, we have 450 land-based mis-siles, and we have the bomber fleet. 
It has been acknowledged repeatedly 
by studies at the Pentagon that we can effectively reduce the amount of nu-clear armaments we have by a third or more without jeopardizing our deter-rence, our ability to destroy any coun-try in the world many times over. 
The question is: How do we pay for 
what we have and where we are going? An amendment that I had, which was not ruled in order, I am sad to say, would have requested a CBO study for what our costs are over the course of the next 25 years. 
Most estimates are that we are in a 
pattern of spending $1 trillion or more over the course of these 30 years. That is big money, no matter how you cut it. 
We are in the process of hollowing 
out our military. We have got problems in terms of compensation and benefit. We have a military that has been strained, stretched, and damaged by the ill-advised adventure in Iraq. 
Now, we are embarking upon, with-
out doing the tough decisionmaking about setting priorities, we are launch-ing down a road here that would allow us to bypass the budgetary process and make appropriate tradeoffs, whether it is within the Department of Defense overall, but I would argue that it ought to be within the Navy budget. 
My amendment wouldn’t stop going 
forward. The money involved would go into submarine construction, but it would inject a little bit of discipline here. 
Now, this doesn’t tell us where the 
money is going to come from for the project and their account, this sleight 
of hand, doesn’t make it easier to fi-nance, but it makes it harder to track, and it eliminates the discipline, as I say, by forcing the Navy and then the Pentagon to be able to deal with it openly, honestly, and know where we are at. There is no reason to go down this path. 
I hope some day we have a spirited 
debate on the floor of the House about how much deterrence is enough. Are the Pentagon experts right that we can reduce it? Or do we need to go down a path spending $1 trillion over the course of the next 30 years? 
The truth is we are going to have to 
face some very difficult budgetary de-cisions. This proposal doesn’t help us do that. It helps us to evade it. 
I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2000 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, the 
sponsor of this amendment would sug-gest that we need to pick priorities. This is not just a priority—it is the na-tional strategic priority. If you ask the CNO of the Navy, he would tell you that this is his top priority. 
As far as being open and transparent, 
how much more could we be than to lay out this fund now and to begin to fund it now instead of waiting until midnight when we need it and say, ‘‘We need $95 billion’’? 
Mr. Chairman, I close where I began: 
if you are against nuclear deterrence, then vote for this amendment and take away the capacity that we have for ships that will carry 70 percent of our nuclear deterrence. If you believe, as a bipartisan group of people in the Armed Services believes, that this fund is valuable, that this fund is impor-tant, and that these votes are vital to the national security of this country, we should reject this amendment. I hope we will vote ‘‘no’’ on it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MRS . LUMMIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end of subtitle D of title XVI 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.119 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3186 May 14, 2015 
SEC. 1657. PROHIBITION ON DE-ALERTING INTER-
CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the responsiveness and alert levels of 
intercontinental ballistic missiles are a unique feature of the ground-based leg of the United States nuclear triad; 
(2) such responsiveness and alert levels are 
critical to providing robust nuclear deter-rence and assurance; and 
(3) any action to reduce the responsiveness 
and alert levels of United States interconti-nental ballistic missiles would be contrary to longstanding United States policy, and deeply harmful to national security and stra-tegic stability in a crisis. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 shall be obligated or expended for reducing, or pre-paring to reduce, the responsiveness or alert level of United States intercontinental bal-listic missiles. 
(2) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO MAINTE -
NANCE , SAFETY , SECURITY , ETC.—Paragraph 
(1) shall not apply to any of the following ac-tivities: 
(A) Maintenance or sustainment of inter-
continental ballistic missiles. 
(B) Ensuring the safety, security, or reli-
ability of intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, I rise in support of the Lum-
mis-Zinke-Cramer-Smith amendment: to prohibit the unilateral decrease of the alert status of our Nation’s ICBM force. 
Nuclear deterrence is based on the 
fundamental belief that a nuclear at-tack on the United States would cause us to retaliate. Reducing the alert sta-tus would change the time needed to retaliate from as few as 30 minutes to 3 days. This makes it much easier for an enemy to strike first, wiping out the U.S. nuclear force before it can re-taliate. For this reason, Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of the amendment. 
I now yield 1 minute to the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE), my 
colleague and a member of the Armed Services Committee. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
strong support of this amendment that prohibits reducing the alert posture of the ICBM forces. 
What has changed? Are we safer 
today than yesterday? 
Dr. Kissinger, former Secretary of 
State, testified before Congress, stat-ing: 
The United States has not faced a more di-
verse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War. 
On top of the threats that Dr. Kis-
singer was referring to, we have seen since: the framework of a nuclear agreement with Iran that may give a legal pathway to a nuclear weapon; Russia has announced it will lift its ban and sell advanced missile systems to Iran; and just this past week, there 
were reports that North Korea has test-ed a submarine-launched ballistic mis-sile. 
Mr. Chairman, this is no time to 
gamble with our safety and with the security of the United States. I support this amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). He lives in the 
State that houses Minot Air Force Base. 
Mr. CRAMER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding, and I thank my colleagues who have helped cosponsor this important amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I think that the au-
thor of the amendment did a great job in discerning between 3 days and 30 minutes, as 30 minutes is hardly what some have called a ‘‘hair trigger.’’ Clearly, we want to be at a strategic advantage, and we would be at a tre-mendous strategic disadvantage should we have to take 3 days. Anybody who has been to one of these bases, as many of us have—anybody who has been in the bunkers and has seen the control system—knows that the protocols that are in place are anything but a hair trigger. We can be confident that we have the ability to respond quickly but not the ability to respond too quickly. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amend-
ment. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 4 minutes. 
While I applaud my colleagues for 
their attention to the ICBM force, I think their attention is in the wrong place. First of all, the amendment is unnecessary, and no one is even pro-posing reducing alert levels at this time. 
My concern here is that investiga-
tions, DOD reviews, and press articles over the past few years have revealed that we have had significant problems in the ICBM force, including the nearly 100 officers involved in cheating on tests, the possession of narcotics, secu-rity violations, pervasive morale issues, an instance of an ICBM officer who was later found to have been a gang member, a two-star general in charge of all U.S. ICBM who was stripped of his command for going on a drinking binge during an official visit to Russia, an ICBM wing at Minot Air Force Base failing a safety and secu-rity test, and reported narcotics by which launch control officers violated security regulations designed to pro-tect the ICBM firing keys. 
Mr. Chairman, these are problems 
rising to the level of congressional at-tention, but instead of focusing on those very real issues affecting na-tional defense, we are spending time on parochial concerns, quite frankly. 
There are no near-term plans, as I 
said in my opening, to reduce alert lev-els, and there are no FY16 funding re-
quests to do so. This is a solution, quite frankly, in search of a problem and is a dangerous example of micro-managing in the area of our national defense in which very small actions, considered rationally and in isolation, reduce the strategic flexibility of the Commander in Chief. In no other area is the possibility for cataclysmic error so real. Let’s not make deterrence harder. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, in rec-
ognition of the fact that the concern here is the unilateral decrease of the alert status, I now yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chair of the 
Armed Services Committee’s Strategic Forces Subcommittee. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I thank 
the gentlewoman for her amendment, and I urge its passage. 
As chairman of the Strategic Forces 
Subcommittee, I understand the re-sponsiveness of our ICBMs as their most critical feature and their most significant contribution to our nuclear triad. The U.S. has had ICBMs on alert since the early 1960s. This amendment ensures that there is no change to the longstanding, bipartisan U.S. defense posture that ICBMs are kept on high alert levels. 
In recent weeks, the usual groups 
who want to disarm the United States have been calling on the U.S. to de- alert ICBMs. We should continue to pay no attention to these tired, repet-itive voices who long for the nuclear freeze days of the cold war when they were relevant. Instead, Admiral Haney, the current commander of U.S. Stra-tegic Command, said just last week he ‘‘fundamentally disagrees’’ with these calls to de-alert U.S. ICBMs. 
Finally, this amendment ensures the 
administration follows its own stated policy. In an April 2015 hearing before my subcommittee, the DOD witnesses told us that the administration explic-itly examined and rejected de-alerting our ICBMs. 
Those who are arguing against the 
amendment are even further to the left on nuclear weapons than our global zero President. This is not just a mis-sile state issue—this is a profound na-tional security issue. De-alerting our ICBMs is a terrible idea. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my colleague’s amendment. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I do appreciate 
the gentleman from Rhode Island for setting the context here. 
Mr. Chairman, we ought to be con-
cerned about what is going on. My un-derstanding is that they found out about the widespread cheating among the missileers because they were inves-tigating the drug abuse. 
There are things that ought to con-
cern us, not something that to this point is, as they just testified, a pro-posal on behalf of the administration, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.050 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3187 May 14, 2015 
but, rather, the notion that somehow 
any action to reduce responsiveness is contrary to longstanding policy and is deeply harmful to national security and strategic stability in a crisis. There may well come a time when we are able to make some changes that would remove a little bit of the hair trigger. I don’t think that is something that we should prejudge. 
In the meantime, if people care about 
these missiles, they ought to make sure that they are managed in an effec-tive fashion, that we take care of the longstanding abuses, and that we deal with the point that I made a moment ago: when we are launching on a $1 tril-lion program over the next three dec-ades, we ought to find out how much we need and how we are going to pay for it. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Rhode Island has 2 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I will 
just close by saying, as I said in the be-ginning, that this amendment is a solu-tion in search of a problem, and I would say it is not necessary at this time. No one is proposing reducing the alert levels at this time, and I would ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UM-
MIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 37, 39, 42, 44, 45, 46, 51, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 59, 63, 64, and 66 printed in House Report No. 114–112, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY : 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . HARDY OF  
NEVADA  
At the end of title XXVIII, add the fol-
lowing new section: 
SEC. 28 ll. USE OF MILITARY OPERATIONS 
AREAS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AC-TIVITIES. 
The expansion or establishment of a na-
tional monument by the President under the authority of chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the Antiq-uities Act of 1906; 54 U.S.C. 320301 et seq.), after the date of the enactment of this Act on land located beneath or associated with a Military Operations Area (MOA) shall not be construed to prohibit or constrain any ac-tivities on or above the land conducted by the Department of Defense or other Federal agencies for national security purposes, in-cluding training and readiness activities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . ZINKE OF  
MONTANA  
At the end of title XXVIII, add the fol-
lowing new section: SEC. 28 ll. RENAMING OF THE CAPTAIN WIL-
LIAM WYLIE GALT GREAT FALLS ARMED FORCES READINESS CENTER IN HONOR OF CAPTAIN JOHN E. MORAN, A RECIPIENT OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR. 
(a) R ENAMING .—The Captain William Wylie 
Galt Great Falls Armed Forces Readiness Center in Great Falls, Montana, shall here-after be known and designated as the ‘‘Cap-tain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any 
law, map, regulation, map, document, paper, other record of the United States to the fa-cility referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . COSTELLO  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 1 ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TACTICAL 
WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) Army personnel face an increasingly 
complex and evolving threat environment that requires advanced and effective tech-nology to protect our soldiers while allowing them to effectively carry out their mission; 
(2) the heavy tactical vehicle protection 
kits program provides the Army with im-proved and necessary ballistic protection for the heavy tactical vehicle fleet; 
(3) a secure heavy tactical vehicle fleet 
provides the Army with greater logistical tractability and offers soldiers the necessary flexibility to tailor armor levels based on threat levels and mission requirements; and 
(4) as Congress provides for a modern and 
secure Army, it is necessary to provide the appropriate funding levels to meet its tac-tical wheeled vehicle protection kits acquisi-tion objectives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
NEW YORK  
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 226. COMMERCIAL-OFF-THE-SHELF WIDE- 
AREA SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS FOR ARMY TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress finds 
that— 
(1) unmanned aerial systems provide the 
military services with high-endurance, wide- area surveillance; 
(2) wide-area surveillance has proven to be 
a significant force multiplier for intelligence gathering and dismounted infantry oper-ations; 
(3) currently fielded wide-area surveillance 
sensors are too heavy to be incorporated into tactical unmanned aerial systems; and 
(4) the growing commercial market for un-
manned aerial systems with full-motion video sensors may offer a commercial-off- the-shelf solution suitable for use on the military services’ tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the findings of a market sur-vey and flight assessment of commercial-off- the-shelf wide-area surveillance sensors suit-able for insertion into Army tactical un-manned aerial systems. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The market survey and 
flight assessment required by subsection (b) shall include— 
(1) specific details regarding the capabili-
ties of current and commercial-off-the-shelf wide-area surveillance sensors utilized on the Army unmanned aerial systems, includ-
ing— 
(A) daytime and nighttime monitoring 
coverage; 
(B) video resolution outputs; (C) bandwidth requirements; (D) activity-based intelligence and forensic 
capabilities; 
(E) simultaneous region of interest moni-
toring capability; 
(F) interoperability with other sensors and 
subsystems currently utilized on Army tac-tical unmanned aerial systems; 
(G) sensor weight; (H) sensor cost; and 
(I) any other factors the Secretary deems 
relevant; 
(2) an assessment of the impact on Army 
tactical unmanned aerial systems due to the insertion of commercial-off-the-shelf wide- area surveillance sensors; and 
(3) recommendations to upgrade or en-
hance the wide-area surveillance sensors of Army tactical unmanned aerial systems, as deemed appropriate by the Secretary. 
(d) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (b) may contain a classified annex. 
(e) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Army tactical unmanned aerial systems’’ includes, at minimum, the MQ–1C Grey Eagle, the MQ–1 Predator, and the MQ–9 Reaper. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Page 58, after line 5, insert the following: 
SEC. 226. REPORT ON TACTICAL COMBAT TRAIN-
ING SYSTEM INCREMENT II. 
(a) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
January 29, 2016, the Secretary of Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the baseline and alternatives to the Navy’s Tactical Air Combat Training System (TCTS) Increment II. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An explanation of the rationale for a 
new start TCTS II program as compared to an incremental upgrade to the existing TCTS system. 
(2) An estimate of total cost to develop, 
procure, and replace the existing Depart-ment of the Navy TCTS architecture with an encrypted TCTS II compared to upgrades to existing TCTS. 
(3) A cost estimate and schedule compari-
son of achieving encryption requirements into the existing TCTS program as compared to TCTS II. 
(4) A review of joint Department of the Air 
Force and the Department of the Navy in-vestment in live-virtual-constructive ad-vanced air combat training and planned timeline for inclusion into TCTS II architec-ture. 
(5) A cost estimate to integrate F-35 air-
craft with TCTS II and achieve interoper-ability between the Department of the Navy and Department of the Air Force. 
(6) A cost estimate for coalition partners 
to achieve TCTS II interoperability within the Department of Defense. 
(7) An assessment of risks posed by non- 
interoperable TCTS systems within the De-partment of the Navy and the Department of the Air Force. 
(8) An explanation of the acquisition strat-
egy for the TCTS program. 
(9) An explanation of key performance pa-
rameters for the TCTS II program. 
(10) Any other information the Secretary 
of the Navy and Secretary of the Air Force determine is appropriate to include. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Navy 
shall not proceed with the approval or des-ignation of a contract award for TCTS II until 15 days after the date of the submittal of the report required by subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.124 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3188 May 14, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
OF MISSISSIPPI  
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 226. IMPROVEMENT TO COORDINATION AND 
COMMUNICATION OF DEFENSE RE-SEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2364 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following new subsection: 
‘‘(a) C OORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , AND TECH-
NOLOGICAL DATA.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall promote, monitor, and evaluate pro-grams for the communication and exchange of research, development, and technological data— 
‘‘(1) among the Defense research facilities, 
combatant commands, and other organiza-tions that are involved in developing for the Department of Defense the technological re-quirements for new items for use by combat forces; 
‘‘(2) among Defense research facilities and 
other offices, agencies, and bureaus in the Department that are engaged in related technological matters; 
‘‘(3) among other research facilities and 
other departments or agencies of the Federal Government that are engaged in research, development, and technological matters; 
‘‘(4) among private commercial, research 
institution, and university entities engaged in research, development, and technological matters potentially relevant to defense on a voluntary basis; and 
‘‘(5) to the extent practicable, to achieve 
full awareness of scientific and technological advancement and innovation wherever it may occur, whether funded by the Depart-ment of Defense, another element of the Fed-eral Government, or other entities.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph 
(3) and inserting the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(3) that the managers of such facilities 
have broad latitude to choose research and development projects based on awareness of activities throughout the technology do-main, including within the Federal Govern-ment, the Department of Defense, public and private research institutions and univer-sities, and the global commercial market-place;’’; and 
(3) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘and technology domain awareness ’’ after 
‘‘activities ’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2364 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘2364. Coordination and communication of 
defense research activities and technology domain aware-ness.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . 
FARENTHOLD OF TEXAS  
At the end of title III (page 77, after line 
21), add the following new section: 
SEC. 3 ll. ACCESS TO WIRELESS HIGH-SPEED 
INTERNET AND NETWORK CONNEC-TIONS FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DEPLOYED OVERSEAS. 
Consistent with section 2492a of title 10, 
United States Code, the Secretary of Defense is encouraged to enter into contracts with third-party vendors in order to provide mem-bers of the Armed Forces who are deployed overseas at any United States military facil-ity, at which wireless high-speed Internet and network connections are otherwise available, with access to such Internet and network connections without charge. AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
OF IOWA  
Page 77, after line 21, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 334. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO EXTEND 
CONTRACTS AND LEASES UNDER THE ARMS INITIATIVE. 
Contracts or subcontracts entered into 
pursuant to section 4554(a)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, on or before the date that is five years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act may include an option to extend the term of the contract or sub-contract for an additional 25 years. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . FLEMING  
OF LOUISIANA  
At the end of title IV (page 83, after line 
16), add the following new section: 
SEC. 422. REPORT ON FORCE STRUCTURE OF THE 
ARMY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: 
(1) An assessment by the Secretary of De-
fense of reports by the Secretary of the Army on the force structure of the Army submitted to Congress under section 1066 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1943) and section 1062 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
(2) An evaluation of the adequacy of the 
Army force structure proposed for the fu-ture-years defense program for fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to meet the goals of the na-tional military strategy of the United States. 
(3) An independent risk assessment by the 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the proposed Army force structure and the abil-ity of such force structure to meet the oper-ational requirements of combatant com-manders. 
(4) A description of the planning assump-
tions and scenarios used by the Department of Defense to validate the size and force structure of the Army, including the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard. 
(5) A certification by the Secretary of De-
fense that the Secretary has reviewed the re-ports by the Secretary of the Army and the assessments of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and determined that an end strength for active duty personnel of the Army below the end strength level author-ized in section 401(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291) will be adequate to meet the national military strategy of the United States. 
(6) A description of various alternative op-
tions for allocating funds to ensure that the end strengths of the Army do not fall below levels of significant risk, as determined pur-suant to the risk assessment conducted by the Chairman of the Joint Chief under para-graph (3). 
(7) Such other information or updates as 
the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate. 
(b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
At the end of subtitle B of title V (page 96, 
after line 22), add the following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. ELECTRONIC TRACKING OF OPER-
ATIONAL ACTIVE-DUTY SERVICE PERFORMED BY MEMBERS OF THE READY RESERVE OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish an 
electronic means by which members of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces can track their operational active-duty service 
performed after January 28, 2008, under sec-tion 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10, United States Code. The tour cal-culator shall specify early retirement credit authorized for each qualifying tour of active duty, as well as cumulative early reserve re-tirement credit authorized to date under sec-tion 12731(f) of such title. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
OF NEW YORK  
Page 179, after line 21, insert the following: 
SEC. 539. SENSE OF CONGRESS RECOGNIZING 
THE DIVERSITY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The United States military includes in-
dividuals with a variety of national, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds that have roots all over the world. 
(2) In addition to diverse backgrounds, 
members of the Armed Forces come from nu-merous religious traditions, including Chris-tian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, non-de-nominational, non-practicing, and many more. 
(3) Members of the Armed Forces from di-
verse backgrounds and religious traditions have lost their lives or been injured defend-ing the national security of the United States. 
(4) Diversity contributes to the strength of 
the Armed Forces, and service members from different backgrounds and religious tradi-tions share the same goal of defending the United States. 
(5) The unity of the Armed Forces reflects 
the strength in diversity that makes the United States a great nation. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to recognize and promote di-
versity in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) honor those from all diverse back-
grounds and religious traditions who have made sacrifices in serving the United States through the Armed Services. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Page 226, after line 13, insert the following: 
(C) A comparison of the pilot program to 
other programs conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs to provide unemployment and under-employment support to members of the re-serve components and veterans. 
Page 226, line 14, strike ‘‘(C)’’ and insert 
‘‘(D)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL OF  
NEW YORK  
Page 227, after line 19, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 569. REPORT ON CIVILIAN AND MILITARY 
EDUCATION TO RESPOND TO FU-TURE THREATS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing both civilian and military education requirements necessary to meet any threats anticipated in the future secu-rity environment as described in the quad-rennial defense review. Such report shall in-clude— 
(1) an assessment of the learning outcomes 
required of future members of the Armed Forces and senior military leaders to meet such threats; 
(2) an assessment of the shortfalls in cur-
rent professional military education require-ments in meeting such threats; 
(3) an assessment of successful professional 
military education programs that further the ability of the Department of Defense to meet such threats; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.052 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3189 May 14, 2015 
(4) recommendations of subjects to be cov-
ered by civilian elementary and secondary schools in order to better prepare students for potential military service; 
(5) recommendations of subjects to be in-
cluded in professional military education programs; 
(6) recommendations on whether partner-
ships between the Department of Defense and private institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) would help meet such threats; and 
(7) an identification of opportunities for 
the United States to strengthen its leader-ship role in the future security environment and a description of how the recommenda-tions made in this report contribute to cap-italizing on such opportunities. 
(b) U
PDATED REPORTS .—Not later than 10 
months after date of the publication of each subsequent quadrennial defense review, the Secretary of Defense shall update the report described under subsection (a) and shall sub-mit such report to the congressional defense committees. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of title V, add the following new 
section: 
SEC. 5 ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DESIR-
ABILITY OF SERVICE-WIDE ADOP-TION OF GOLD STAR INSTALLATION ACCESS CARD. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-
retary of each military department and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating should— 
(1) provide for the issuance of a Gold Star 
Installation Access Card to Gold Star family members who are the survivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces in order to ex-pedite the ability of a Gold Star family member to gain unescorted access to mili-tary installations for the purpose of obtain-ing the on-base services and benefits for which the Gold Star family member is enti-tled or eligible; 
(2) work jointly to ensure that a Gold Star 
Installation Access Card issued to a Gold Star family member by one Armed Force is accepted for access to military installations 
of another Armed Force; and 
(3) in developing, issuing, and accepting 
the Gold Star Installation Access Card— 
(A) prevent fraud in the procurement or 
use of the Gold Star Installation Access Card; 
(B) limit installation access to those areas 
that provide the services and benefits for which the Gold Star family member is enti-tled or eligible; and 
(C) ensure that the availability and use of 
the Gold Star Installation Access Card does not adversely affect military installation se-curity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  
Page 247, after line 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 596. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERFORMANCE OF 
REGIONAL OFFICES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 7734 of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by inserting before 
the period the following: ‘‘and on the per-formance of any regional office that fails to meet its administrative goals’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) in the case of any regional office that, 
for the year covered by the report, did not meet the administrative goal of no claim pending for more than 125 days and an accu-racy rating of 98 percent— ‘‘(A) a signed statement prepared by the 
individual serving as director of the regional office as of the date of the submittal of the report containing— 
‘‘(i) an explanation for why the regional of-
fice did not meet the goal; 
‘‘(ii) a description of the additional re-
sources needed to enable the regional office to reach the goal; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of any additional ac-
tions planned for the subsequent year that are proposed to enable the regional office to meet the goal; and 
‘‘(B) a statement prepared by the Under 
Secretary for Benefits explaining how the failure of the regional office to meet the goal affected the performance evaluation of the director of the regional office; and’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  
Page 302, after line 18, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 723. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING MEN-
TAL HEALTH COUNSELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND FAMILIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) It has been shown that some members 
of the Armed Forces struggle with post-trau-matic stress and other behavioral health dis-orders from traumatic events experienced during combat. 
(2) It has also been shown that emotional 
distress and trauma from life events can be exacerbated by traumatic events experienced during combat. 
(3) Members of the Armed Forces who 
struggle with post-traumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders are often unable to provide emotional support to spouses and children, causing emotional dis-tress and the risk of behavioral health dis-orders among the dependents of the mem-bers. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Department of Defense should con-
tinue to support members of the Armed Forces and their families by providing fam-ily counseling and individual counseling services that reduce the symptoms of post- traumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders and empowers members to be emo-tionally available to their spouses and chil-dren; 
(2) such services should be readily avail-
able at branches of the Department and mili-tary bases; 
(3) the Department should rely on industry 
standards established by the medical com-munity when developing standards for their own practice of family and individual coun-seling; and 
(4) the Department should conduct a five- 
year study of the progress of members of the Armed Forces that are treated for mental health disorders, including with respect to— 
(A) difficulty keeping up with treatment; (B) familial status before and after treat-
ment; and 
(C) access to mental health counseling at 
Department facilities and military installa-tions. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) each will control 10 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
In this en bloc package, which I hope 
Members will support, there are a total of 16 amendments. Nine of them have 
been sponsored by Republican Members of the House, and seven of them have been sponsored by Democratic Mem-bers of the House. They cover a variety of very important topics related to our country’s national defense. 
With all of the hard work that went 
into writing and now adopting, hope-fully, these amendments, I hope that all Members who sponsored these amendments will see their work to its logical conclusion, and that is in their adoption in a bill that passes the House, for it would seem fruitless to me to go through all of the work on these amendments and not have those amendments as part of a bill that passes. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
distinguished gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ). 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment was inspired by the Obama administration’s proposal to establish a national monument in the Basin and Range area of Nevada, directly under the airspace of the Nevada Test and Training Range. 
My amendment is not about dis-
puting land ownership. My amendment is about protecting America’s national security, and that means ensuring that our military has guaranteed access to land located beneath—or associated with—military operations areas for es-sential training and readiness activi-ties. These activities are often tied di-rectly to flight operations and can in-clude anything from tactical ground parties, SERE, pararescue training, ground instrumentation maintenance, and the list goes on and on. 
My amendment elevates national se-
curity above politics and legacy projects, and it gives our military the certainty it needs to adequately train and prepare for current and future con-flicts. 
b2015 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. I thank my colleague for 
the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to bring 
attention to a provision that is in-cluded in this package that, besides being completely unnecessary, may have far-reaching impacts on the man-agement of our Nation’s public lands. Specifically, this package contains lan-guage that would allow the Depart-ment of Defense to utilize certain pub-
lic lands designated as national monu-ments for whatever purpose it chooses. 
Our national monuments are part of 
America’s story. Sixteen Presidents, both Democrats and Republicans, from Teddy Roosevelt to George Bush to President Obama, have utilized their authority under the Antiquities Act to designate land as national monuments. These designations have protected iconic parts of our Nation, such as Chimney Rock in Colorado, San Juan Islands in the Puget Sound, and the an-cient flint quarries in the Texas Pan-handle. In each and every case, careful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.052 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3190 May 14, 2015 
consideration and collaboration with 
other Federal agencies, including the Department of Defense, occurred. 
Now, representing southern Nevada, I 
have an acute understanding of the im-portance of our armed services and the training necessary to support national security missions, but the language in-cluded in this package ignores the fact that today’s military operations con-tinue at our national monuments. 
Just look to Oregon Mountain-Desert 
Peaks National Monument in New Mexico, which was created with clear exceptions for military overflight oper-ations, or the Sonoran Desert National Monument in Arizona, designated by President Clinton, which abuts the Barry Goldwater Range and to this day continues to serve as an example of how our national security and con-servation goals can coexist. 
Closer to home, the recently des-
ignated Tule Springs Fossil Beds Na-tional Monument north of Las Vegas was designed in coordination with the needs of neighboring Nellis and Creech Air Force bases. If this provision were to become law, it would essentially cede national monuments to the De-partment of Defense, dismissing the long history of the armed services working to conserve our sensitive lands while protecting the mission. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. TITUS. So instead of having the 
DOD at the table to evaluate and in-form the monument creation process on a case-by-case basis, this provision would grant a virtual veto over any fu-ture designations. 
Mr. Chairman, as this legislation 
moves forward, I hope that we can re-move unnecessary provisions such as this one that are really just solutions in search of a problem. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE), a member of the 
Armed Services Committee. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of my amendment, which will rename the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Mon-tana, to the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. 
As many of you may know, Montana 
has a strong heritage of military serv-ice, with more veterans per capita than almost any other State in the Union. Captain Moran and Captain Galt are an inspiration to every Montanan, myself included. Both Captain Moran and Cap-tain Galt received the Medal of Honor, 
one in the Spanish-American War and one in World War II. 
Memorializing these two heroes by 
renaming the Armed Forces Reserve Center will provide a daily reminder to us all in Montana of the service and sacrifice Captain Moran and Captain Galt made to this country and Mon-tana. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). Mr. KEATING. I thank the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Chairman, most of us in this 
Chamber have had the honor to meet and to get to know Gold Star families, those families who have lost loved ones in the service in defense of our coun-try. Most of us on those occasions also told those families, if there is anything we can ever do to help you in any way going forward, please let us know. 
Gold Star families in my district 
came to me on an issue that really was something that was quite difficult for them at times and bothersome, and that is the issue that the access they had while their loved ones were alive was no longer there for military instal-lations. The military installations would often have memorials to those that served. They would have survivor workshops, and things that could help them. They would have military exer-cises and ceremonies that they would want to participate in that had greater meaning to them than perhaps any other group of people. 
They told me how, gaining access 
many times, they had to relive the story by again explaining who they were and why they wanted to come. I investigated this and found that the Army had a pilot program that pro-vided an access card for these institu-tions, these military institutions, and that that made the process so much easier for them. 
This amendment simply expands the 
pilot program and demonstrates Con-gress’ support for expanding these pro-grams beyond the pilot stage and to all services. I hope we can move forward and actually see the implementation of this occur. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
the ranking member for their support of this amendment en bloc, and I want to express, I think, the sentiment of our entire body to really be there in something that is a modest request, but an important one for our Gold Star families. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, the Army faces an increas-ingly complex threat environment and must be prepared to rapidly deploy sol-diers with the most advanced and effec-tive vehicle armor critical to the safe-ty and mobility of our soldiers. 
The tactical wheeled vehicle protec-
tion kits program provides our men and women in uniform the adaptable armor protection that minimally im-pacts performance. The Army needs this proven program in order to im-prove ballistic protection for the tac-tical wheeled vehicle fleet. This pro-gram enables greater logistical flexi-bility and allows our soldiers to tailor armor levels based on the threat level and mission requirements. 
Lastly, the use of these armor kits 
will allow the Army to greatly extend vehicle service life and reduce mainte-
nance costs. It is important that Con-gress provide the necessary funding levels for the Army to meet their tac-tical wheeled vehicle protection kits acquisition objectives. I urge my col-leagues to support my amendment. 
I also wish to thank Chairman 
T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member 
SMITH for their efforts in providing the 
necessary and critical funding for our Nation’s defense. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time I have no speakers. I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today to speak in favor of my amendment encouraging the Depart-ment of Defense to provide free WiFi access to our military members de-ployed overseas. 
Communications with family mem-
bers back home is critical not only for the mental health and well-being of our servicemembers but also for their fami-lies who support them while they de-fend our great Nation. Our military members sacrifice time with their spouses and children and their loved ones they leave behind when they proudly serve our Nation. Giving them the ability to stay in touch with their family through Skype and FaceTime so they can watch those important mo-ments, birthdays or children’s first steps, makes it easier for servicemem-bers to cope with the physical and emo-tional distance deployment brings. 
Family members play a crucial role 
in helping our servicemembers per-severe through tough times and man-age through long deployments. Right now military members have to pay $60, sometimes $100 a month just to stay in touch with their families. I am encour-aging the Department of Defense to strongly consider working internally and with third-party vendors to remove this burden from servicemembers and urge support of this entire en bloc amendment. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no additional speakers at this time. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time just to say I hope that all 16 Members who have amendments in this en bloc package will support this package as well as the logical conclusion of their efforts, which would be to support final passage of this legislation. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.127 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3191 May 14, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . LUCAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. LUCAS. I have an amendment at 
the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 823, after line 20, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. IMPLEMENTATION OF LESSER PRAI-
RIE-CHICKEN RANGE-WIDE CON-SERVATION PLAN AND OTHER CON-SERVATION MEASURES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ANDIDATE CONSERVATION AGREE -
MENTS .—The terms ‘‘Candidate Conservation 
Agreement’’ and ‘‘Candidate and Conserva-tion Agreement With Assurances’’ have the meaning given those terms in— 
(A) the announcement of the Department 
of the Interior and the Department of Com-merce entitled ‘‘Announcement of Final Pol-icy for Candidate Conservation Agreements with Assurances’’ (64 Fed. Reg. 32726 (June 17, 1999)); and 
(B) sections 17.22(d) and 17.32(d) of title 50, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(2) R
ANGE -WIDE PLAN .—The term ‘‘Range- 
Wide Plan’’ means the Lesser Prairie-Chick-en Range-Wide Conservation Plan of the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, as endorsed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on October 23, 2013, and published for comment on January 29, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 4652). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(b) P ROHIBITION ON TREATMENT AS THREAT -
ENED OR ENDANGERED SPECIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
prior action by the Secretary, the lesser prairie chicken shall not be treated as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) before January 31, 2021. 
(2) P
ROHIBITION ON PROPOSAL .—Beginning 
on January 31, 2021, the lesser prairie chick-en may not be treated as a threatened spe-cies or endangered species under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) unless the Secretary publishes a deter-mination, based on the totality of the sci-entific evidence, that conservation (as that term is used in that Act) under the Range- Wide Plan and the agreements, programs, and efforts referred to in subsection (c) have not achieved the conservation goals estab-lished by the Range-Wide Plan. 
(c) M
ONITORING OF PROGRESS OF CONSERVA -
TION PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall mon-
itor and annually submit to Congress a re-port on progress in conservation of the lesser prairie chicken under the Range-Wide Plan and all related— 
(1) Candidate Conservation Agreements 
and Candidate and Conservation Agreements With Assurances; 
(2) other Federal conservation programs 
administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Man-agement, and the Department of Agri-culture; 
(3) State conservation programs; and (4) private conservation efforts. 
SEC. ll. REMOVAL OF ENDANGERED SPECIES 
STATUS FOR AMERICAN BURYING BEETLE. 
Notwithstanding the final rule of the 
United States Fish and Wildlife Service enti-tled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Endangered Status for the American Burying Beetle’’ (54 Fed. Reg. 29652 (July 13, 1989)), the American burying beetle shall not be listed as a threat-
ened or endangered species under the Endan-gered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, I offer an amendment that 
will de-list the lesser prairie chicken from the list of threatened species over a period of at least 5 years. This time will allow the five States in the prairie chicken’s range to implement their joint rangewide plan, which has been endorsed by the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice. 
Again, this does not permanently de- 
list the lesser prairie chicken. If in 5 years’ time the Department of Interior thinks this plan hasn’t worked, they can begin the process of re-listing the chicken. I am confident, however, though, that the rangewide plan will be effective not only in maintaining but in increasing the population of the lesser prairie chicken. 
The second portion of my amendment 
would de-list the American burying beetle. Since being deemed endangered in the 1980s, the beetle’s population has skyrocketed well beyond the targets set in the Fish and Wildlife’s own re-covery plan. 
Military installations are among the 
entities that have to ensure their new development projects do not infringe on the habitats of these endangered species. Any military exercises that would take place on critical habitat also must meet those requirements be-fore they can commence. It is highly inappropriate for such exercises crit-ical to national defense readiness to be dependent on a bureaucratic process, especially given the large populations and State-level plans for these two spe-cies. There are numerous military bases in the lesser prairie chicken’s range and dozens more in the ever-larg-er estimated range of the American burying beetle that are affected. This amendment would help many of our military bases to perform the critical functions that comprise our national readiness. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
Ms. TSONGAS. This amendment at-
tempts to add yet another completely unrelated Endangered Species Act rider to the underlying bill. Specifically, this amendment would prohibit the lesser prairie chicken and the Amer-ican burying beetle from being listed as endangered species under the Endan-
gered Species Act. The lesser prairie chicken was listed as threatened under the ESA in March 2014, and the Amer-ican burying beetle was listed as en-dangered in 1989. 
Given the very broad language of this 
amendment, it is clear that DOD lands are not the primary driver of this at-tack on the Endangered Species Act. If the sponsors really wanted to protect DOD activities and military readiness, they would have written the language as such. In fact, the amendment does not make a single reference to military readiness. 
The Department of Defense does not 
believe this amendment is necessary. DOD has given no indication that the listings of these species has negatively impacted military readiness, for good reason. Since being listed, neither the lesser prairie chicken nor the burying beetle have had critical habitat des-ignated on DOD lands. Just look at this map. There is virtually no overlap be-tween our military installations, which are in red, and the lesser prairie chick-en’s range. In fact, if you look, they are separated in most instances by hundreds of miles, with the green areas representing the current range of the species and the red areas our military installations. 
For the record, DOD also does not be-
lieve that the language already in-cluded in the bill regarding the greater sage grouse is necessary to protect military readiness, either. 
The Endangered Species Act has been 
successful in preventing the extinction of species since its enactment 40 years ago. Congress should allow the Fish and Wildlife Service to make species- listing decisions in accordance with the law and the best available science. Congress should not further delay these scientific decisions by microman-aging the process on a species-by-spe-cies basis, especially in the context of the NDAA. 
The administration has already indi-
cated they would strongly consider vetoing this bill, in part because of the nongermane provisions that would delay listing of the greater sage grouse for 10 years. Adoption of this amend-ment would add another provision to their list of objections. The Senate has already agreed that harmful Endan-gered Species Act riders do not belong in the NDAA, instead referring the matter to the Environment and Public Works Committee. 
b2030 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. TSONGAS. I urge my colleagues 
to reject this misguided amendment and vote to protect the scientific integ-rity of the Endangered Species Act, as well as the integrity of the NDAA. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. M
ULLIN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.129 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3192 May 14, 2015 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate everybody’s concerns that may or may not live around the area, but the truth is, I do, and no one wants to pro-tect the habitat more than I do. 
I have worked on this issue since ar-
riving in Congress because I believe we must protect our job creators and en-sure the military has the ability to prepare itself against threats at home and overseas. 
Matters of national defense and read-
iness should not be subject to the schedule of agency bureaucrats. It is inappropriate that military bases with-in the proximity of these two species must consider its habitat before devel-oping new facilities or even planning training exercises. 
The people living in the States that 
contain the lesser prairie chicken and the American burying beetle know how to best conserve the species, while pro-tecting military preparedness, jobs, and land rights; and they have already taken steps to do so. 
I urge you to support this amend-
ment and delist the lesser prairie chicken and the American burying bee-tle and support our military readiness. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire how much time I have re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Rhode Island has 2
1⁄4minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ). 
Ms. SPEIER. I thank the gentleman 
from Rhode Island for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, one of our most solemn 
duties in Congress is dealing with emerging national security threats. We eliminated bin Laden. We are making process in weakening ISIL. 
Unfortunately, my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle have alerted us to a new threat emerging deep in the heart of the Western United States, a sort of feathery sleeper cell that just can’t wait to disrupt our way of life. What is inspiring so much fear? It is 
the lesser prairie chicken. 
Listening to this debate, you would 
think that the lesser prairie chicken was single-handedly providing aid and comfort to the enemy, not just living on the prairie and doing the occasional little dance; but, as with its unfortu-nate relative, the greater sage grouse, my colleagues across the aisle are try-ing to use the NDAA to do a little dance of their own around the science of the Endangered Species Act. 
The prairie chicken has not attacked 
our citizens, threatened our allies, or disrupted our military operations. Listing the prairie chicken as endan-gered is a scientific decision not within the purview of Congress and will have absolutely no effect on Department of Defense operations. 
The worst that anyone can say about 
the prairie chicken is that it is really not a chicken, but a grouse. 
This amendment has no place in the 
NDAA, and I urge my colleagues to op-pose it. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from the great State of Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ), 
where they are working very diligently on a State level to repopulate the spe-cies. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of 
this amendment which would delist the lesser prairie chicken under the Endan-gered Species Act. I have long opposed this listing for many reasons because the rules unnecessarily restrict and hamper defense operations on Federal land under the species’ habitat. 
In Kansas, we have a proud military 
tradition and a number of important installations, including Fort Riley. An enormous benefit to Fort Riley is its huge training areas which have no en-croachment issues and are some of the largest and most cost effective in the Nation. 
Any similarly ill-advised listing af-
fecting Fort Riley would potentially complicate this vital training area, amounting to nothing more than an overreach of the Endangered Species Act because it would imperil the ac-tions taken by our military and ham-per our local economies which these in-stallations complement. 
Preservation efforts do not have to 
come at a cost to our national defense preparedness, and I urge my colleagues to pass this amendment. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), from another one 
of those States working very diligently to increase the population of these spe-cies in a very scientific way. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of Mr. L
UCAS ’ amendment. 
Contrary to what was said, New Mex-
ico has Cannon Air Force Base, and the listing of the prairie chicken falls right in the bombing regions held by Cannon. 
For those people who say it is just 
alarmist, remember 1999 and 2000, when almost all of Camp Pendleton was shut completely down? The marines had to push their boats on the beach, but they couldn’t get out because of the endan-gered species. They, instead, flew their boats over to Utah, set up stakes where the water would have been, and offloaded them there. 
When we talk about the effect of the 
Endangered Species Act, we have to re-member the past. Remember that it was the spotted owl that shut down 85 percent of the timber logging in this country, only to have the Fish and Wildlife Service say a couple of years ago: Oh, never mind. It wasn’t logging that was causing the spotted owl to go extinct. 
The Fish and Wildlife Service shut 
down 23,000 jobs in California because of a species. 
We want our national defense to 
reign supreme. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the 
chairman of the Natural Resources Committee and an individual who has 
worked diligently on preserving all of our environment. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
whether one is talking about the sage grouse, which is yet to be listed, or the prairie chicken, which has been listed, it is true that each of those does have an impact on the readiness of our mili-tary. It does have an impact, and each branch of the military has actually said so. 
On one Army base alone, they are 
spending $1.5 million a year to manage 250 birds. That is the cost that goes to that, as well as to the readiness of this Nation. 
It would be nice—and one would pre-
sume—that each department would be talking to each other about the im-pacts of their decisions. As chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, I am going to say that did not happen. It should. 
I urge adoption. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUCAS. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). It is now in order to 
consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 3121. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would strike from the bill section 3121, which attempts to undermine our ef-forts to destroy unnecessary nuclear weapons that have already been retired and scheduled for dismantlement. 
Section 3121 of the bill was a last- 
minute addition to the NDAA that is both totally unnecessary and counter-productive to our long-term national security goals. Our Armed Forces and National Nuclear Security Administra-tion, or NNSA, firmly oppose this pro-vision to limit the dismantlement of surplus nuclear weapons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.131 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3193 May 14, 2015 
Section 3121, which my amendment 
would strike, does three things. 
First, it caps at $50 million a pro-
gram that is scheduled to cost about $50 million, thereby having no prac-tical impact whatever. 
Second, the section prohibits for 5 
years the scheduled dismantlement of the W84 nuclear warhead. The W84 war-head was retired back in 2007, 8 years ago, and was recently retired again in favor of keeping the W80 for the long- range standoff option. There is no rea-son to keep the W84 around longer than necessary. Storing and securing unneeded and retired nuclear weapons wastes a large amount of money in maintaining them. 
Third, there is a large queue of war-
heads waiting for dismantlement. There are approximately 2,500 retired nuclear warheads scheduled for dis-mantlement. Storing these warheads costs money. Why would we want to slow down the process of dismantle-ment of retired warheads? 
We have about 5,000 active nuclear 
warheads, and 2,000 would suffice to de-stroy the entire world. Why waste money maintaining retired warheads beyond the 5,000 active warheads suffi-cient to destroy the world two and a half times over? 
In fact, by seeking to limit nuclear 
dismantlement, this section of the bill sends the wrong message to the rest of the world about the value of nuclear weapons, and it undermines our efforts at nuclear nonproliferation. We have promised, as part of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty, to reduce our nu-clear warheads eventually to zero. The other nuclear nations have made the same promise. On that basis, the non-nuclear nations have undertaken not to develop nuclear weapons. 
By delaying dismantlement of retired 
weapons, we are sending the wrong message of nonadherence to the non-
proliferation treaty. 
Contrary to the claims of the authors 
of section 3121, this section of the bill is not about unilateral disarmament. All of these weapons have already been retired and are scheduled to be disman-tled. 
This section, by delaying dismantle-
ment by 5 years, would simply waste a large sum of taxpayers’ money, would not contribute at all to national secu-rity—because having retired weapons in the storage bin doesn’t help national security—and would send the wrong message on nonproliferation. It is a total waste of money for no useful pur-pose whatsoever. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
this amendment to strike section 3121. We must not needlessly restrict the De-fense Department’s ability to deter-mine the appropriate rate of warhead dismantlement of retired and surplus warheads. 
I urge the adoption of this amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I strongly oppose this amendment be-
cause it strikes a section that helps us set priorities in defense spending. Dis-mantling U.S. nuclear weapons is not a priority. Getting nuclear moderniza-tion done is the priority. 
Two weeks ago, Secretary of State 
Kerry announced at the NPT review conference that the U.S. would accel-erate its dismantlement of nuclear warheads by 20 percent. While Russia continues to make overt nuclear threats to the U.S. and our allies, we accelerate unilateral nuclear disar-mament. This is insane. 
Let’s be clear about one point in par-
ticular. Section 3121 of the underlying bill does not contradict any U.S. treaty obligations. Current arms control trea-ties do not require the U.S. to dis-mantle any nuclear warheads. 
In the FY16 budget request, NNSA 
detailed its plan to focus the next 5 years of dismantlement work on war-heads retired prior to 2009. Section 3121 provides them enough money to do so, and it does not restrict this work on pre-2009 warheads. 
Section 3121 allows the administra-
tion to carry out the dismantlement plan it described in the FY16 budget re-quest. It simply prevents the unilateral disarmament and acceleration pro-posed by Secretary Kerry, which is a misguided attempt to appease those who would disarm the United States. 
Section 3121 also prohibits dismantle-
ment of certain U.S. nuclear cruise missile warheads for 5 years. This is a prudent measure because Russia is in plain violation of the INF Treaty through its flight testing and deploy-ment of ground-launched, inter-mediate-range cruise missiles. 
Simply put, we should not unilater-
ally disarm the United States cruise missile warheads when Russia is build-ing and deploying its own cruise mis-siles in direct violation of the INF Treaty. 
As Russia continues to make nuclear 
threats against the U.S. and our allies, accelerating the U.S. nuclear weapon dismantlement by 20 percent is exactly the wrong message to send. 
b2045 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New York has 90 seconds remain-ing. The gentleman from Alabama has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
as a member of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I oppose this amend-
ment as wrong policy. 
Why would we rush headlong into 
unilateral disarmament at the same time Russia has not lived up to its treaty obligations with the INF treaty? 
Section 3121 wisely prohibits the dis-
armament of nuclear warheads for 5 years, enough time to see if actually Russia will live up to its agreement. 
If you are actually going to get rid of 
a weapons system, for heaven’s sakes, get something for it. Unilateral disar-mament gets us nothing. That is why 
this is the wrong policy with the wrong message that would go to our potential adversaries but, more importantly, the wrong message that would go to our al-lies, who are waiting to see if the United States will retreat from a posi-tion of leadership. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, the 
central flaw in the argument against this amendment is that we are not talking about disarmament, unilateral or otherwise. Retired weapons do not add security. All they do is waste money to maintain them. 
What this amendment says is do not 
prohibit the administration from dis-mantling already-retired weapons. 
Now, talking about the threat from 
Russia, okay. There is a threat from Russia. I don’t deny that. Moderniza-tion of nuclear weapons maybe should be a priority. That is a separate issue; but dismantling retired weapons doesn’t weaken us versus Russia, doesn’t help us—in fact, maybe it helps us by freeing up money for modernizing weapons. It is simply a waste of money to retain retired weapons. 
If we should have more active weap-
ons, that is a different question; but, once we have retired the weapon, it costs money to maintain it. It also is a potential target for a terrorist to grab it or get the plutonium out of it or whatever. Retired warheads should be dismantled, regardless of the threat elsewhere. The question is: How many active warheads do we need? That is a separate topic. 
A retired warhead does not protect 
us. Dismantling a retired warhead just saves money. A retired warhead doesn’t help us against the Russians or any-body else. It is simply a question of not wasting money. 
If modernization is a priority, fine. I 
don’t agree with that, but spend money on modernization. Why waste money on keeping retired warheads in the storage bins? 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), the vice chairman 
of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman of the sub-committee. 
President Obama is doing something 
that much of the country, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.133 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3194 May 14, 2015 
myself and many of us on this side of 
the aisle, are really disturbed about, and that is using his pen and his phone to go around Congress and do things by executive order, or unilaterally, if you might agree with that. 
To take that same approach with our 
nuclear stockpile, our strategic de-fense, is not a good idea. I totally want to resist this amendment. I urge every-one to vote ‘‘no’’ on it. 
Secondly, as has been pointed out 
earlier this evening, the New START 
treaty is, I believe, flawed; but what it does is require us to reduce our stock-pile and Russia to increase its stock-pile. Countries like China are not even included in that treaty. 
When we are already on a path to se-
riously reduce the number of our war-heads and then to consider unilaterally even cutting them further, that is the height of folly, Mr. Chairman. We should resist this amendment and vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), chair-
man of the full committee. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I appreciate the 
distinguished chairman of the Stra-tegic Forces Subcommittee for yield-ing. 
Mr. Chairman, it is in my district 
where this dismantlement occurs, and I think we are missing one key point, but Mr. R
OGERS raised it earlier. 
We have a limited number of facili-
ties, a limited number of people, and a limited number of dollars. We can use them to take things apart, or we can use them to help modernize our exist-ing stockpile so it can be more effec-tive, so it can be safe, so it can be reli-able in providing that nuclear deter-rence that we depend upon. 
The concern is, based on what Sec-
retary Kerry said 2 weeks ago, that this administration is going to put more money and people and facilities into taking things apart than they should. They have got their priorities wrong. This amendment or the under-lying provision of the gentleman from Alabama tries to set those priorities straight, and that is what is important. 
We can’t do everything. We have got 
to set priorities, and the priority ought to be defending the country, especially in light of what Russia and China con-tinue to do: building nuclear weapons. 
I think this amendment should be re-
jected and the underlying provision supported. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 52 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 77, after line 21, insert the following: 
SEC. 334. ASSESSMENT OF OUTREACH FOR 
SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS OWNED AND CONTROLLED BY WOMEN AND MINORITIES REQUIRED BEFORE CONVERSION OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS TO CONTRACTOR PER-FORMANCE. 
No Department of Defense function that is 
performed by Department of Defense civilian employees and is tied to a certain military base may be converted to performance by a contractor until the Secretary of Defense conducts an assessment to determine if the Department of Defense has carried out suffi-cient outreach programs to assist small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women (as such term is defined in section 8(d)(3)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(D))) and small business con-cerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals (as such term is defined in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C))) that are located in the geo-graphic area near the military base. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Texas; and the ranking member, the gentleman from Washington; and the manager who is managing, my dear friend from Rhode Island, for their leadership on many, many issues. 
All of us have encountered the very 
energetic small business community. Included in that, of course, are women and minority-owned businesses. They are a vital part of our community. 
In the State of Texas, we are very 
much engaged with our military bases. Over the years, we have had any num-ber of them, very large facilities. In my own community, we have the Ellington base that we have retrofitted and im-proved and added a number of assets. 
This amendment speaks to the com-
patibility between the Department of Defense and its needs and the small and minority and women-owned busi-nesses and asks the Secretary of De-fense to outreach to these minority and women and small businesses, as a way of ensuring the growth of their businesses and the utilization of their services for that of the DOD. 
The Jackson Lee amendment will 
help the United States maintain the most talented, diverse, effective, and powerful workforce in an increasingly globalized economy. 
Why? Because our small businesses 
located in our neighborhoods and our communities are there to create oppor-
tunity and to create jobs—as a prac-tical matter, the Department of De-fense has the discretion to choose whether a contract can be insourced or outsourced. We would ask that they look at the minority businesses in the area as they make those determina-tions. 
Since March of 2009, it is understood 
that certain Federal contracts that were formerly completed by civilian 
contracts would be looked at in a dif-ferent way. We ask that the assessment of the value of small businesses be con-sidered and, in particular, be consid-ered on how many jobs are created and also the importance of a healthy and diverse small business community. 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
this amendment and just want to par-ticularly say that, in my home city of Houston, Texas, it is home to more than 60,000 women-owned businesses and more than 60,000 African Amer-ican-owned businesses and thousands upon thousands of Hispanic businesses. 
In fact, just this past week, I visited 
two of my manufacturing companies, one of them a member of the Houston Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the 
desk; it is listed as #55 on the roster. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment requires the 
Secretary of Defense to conduct outreach for small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities prior to the outsourc-ing of military contracts related to local military bases. 
I would like to thank both Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for their 
dedication and hard work on this important piece of legislation which ensures that our men and women in uniform have the re-sources they need and deserve. 
Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have 
sponsored legislation that promotes economic opportunity and inclusion for women, veterans, and minority businesses. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will help the 
United States maintain the most talented, di-verse, effective, and powerful workforce in an increasingly globalized economy. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment requires the 
Department of Defense to consider the impact that changes to current outsourcing guidelines will have on small minority and women owned business by requiring them to engage with these businesses. 
Promoting diversity is more than just an 
idea; it requires an understanding that there is a need to have a process that will ensure the inclusion of minorities and women in all areas of American life. 
As a practical matter the Department of De-
fense has the discretion to choose whether a contract should be in-sourced or out-sourced. 
Since March of 2009 it is understood that 
certain federal contracts that were formerly completed by civilian contractors would be re-turned to federal employees. 
It is important to find balance between con-
tracts that should be conducted by the federal government versus civilian contractors. 
As it stands the policies implemented by the 
DOD has the unintended consequence of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.134 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3195 May 14, 2015 
harming small minority and women owned 
businesses by taking away civilian contracts that are not inherently serving a federal gov-ernment purpose such as janitorial services, painting buildings, mowing lawns and related activities. 
These service contracts which tend to be 
the bread and butter for minority and women owned business are slowly being withdrawn and returned to the federal government. 
I have worked hard to help small business 
owners to fully realize their potential. 
That is why I support entrepreneurial devel-
opment programs, including the Small Busi-ness Development Center and Women’s Busi-ness Center programs. 
These initiatives provide counseling in a va-
riety of critical areas, including business plan development, finance, and marketing. 
My amendment would require the Depart-
ment of Defense to utilize a similar outreach program prior to outsourcing. 
Outreach is key to developing healthy and 
diverse small businesses. 
There are approximately 6 million minority 
owned businesses in the United States, rep-resenting a significant aspect of our economy. 
According to the most recent available Cen-
sus data, minority owned businesses employ nearly 6 million Americans and generate $1 trillion dollars in economic output. 
Women owned businesses have increased 
20% between 2002 and 2007, and currently total close to 8 million. 
My home city of Houston, Texas is home to 
more than 60,000 women owned businesses, and more than 60,000 African American owned businesses. 
The Department of Defense (DOD) esti-
mates that during the Vietnam War, the ratio of contractors to soldiers was 1 in 10. 
This rate increased to about 1 contractor for 
every soldier during Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
These contracts generate billions of dollars 
in revenue for the companies to which they are awarded. 
A mandatory DOD outreach program would 
make women and minority owned businesses aware of all of the contract opportunities avail-able to them. 
Small businesses deserve a fair shot at fed-
eral contracts. 
They have a chance to compete for over-
seas contracts with the Department of De-fense as well as access to international con-tracts with the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. 
In addition, I believe that work needs to be 
done to modernize key contracting develop-mental programs designed to increase oppor-tunities for women, minorities and low-income individuals. 
Programs like the Outreach Program that I 
support through my amendment will reduce the current barriers and ensure small busi-nesses have access to perform federal con-tracts. 
This can save taxpayer dollars, because the 
increased competition for government con-tracts will lead to better prices and better qual-ity. 
The vibrancy of our economic prosperity de-
pends on the ability of our nation’s small busi-ness community to adapt to opportunities at home and aboard. 
Outreach programs that are properly de-
signed and implemented, strengthen the na-tional community, promote its economic well- being, and maximize the benefits of our great 
diversity. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment ensures that 
the Department of Defense reaches out to small minority and women owned business to hear their concerns and recognizes the impor-tant role they play in revitalizing our economy. 
I urge all members to support the Jackson 
Lee Amendment. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the Chairman for his kindness. 
May I ask the Chairman how much 
time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield 1 minute 
to the distinguished gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. I want to thank the gen-
tlewoman from Texas for bringing forth this amendment. This is tremen-dous talent and the entrepreneurial spirit across this country. 
Mr. Chair, to ensure that we have the 
ability to take advantage of that great diversity, which is America’s asset, it is so important to make sure that women entrepreneurs, minority entre-preneurs, are able to be in a position to supply and work with our United States military. 
I am proud of the steps that the mili-
tary, itself, has taken with regard to diversity, but we can do better on the entrepreneurial and business side. 
As a former entrepreneur myself, I 
know how important it is to make sure that we develop the next great genera-tion of American companies, American suppliers, that reflects not only the di-versity of the military, but the diver-sity of the American people. That is the strength of our country, to make sure that women entrepreneurs, minor-ity entrepreneurs, are empowered. 
That is something that I know is a 
cause that the gentlewoman from Texas holds dear. It is a cause that I hold dear, and I hope that we can adopt this amendment to further that end. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me conclude by first thanking the gentleman from Colorado. 
I think, Mr. Chairman, it evidences 
that the appreciation for small busi-nesses reaches from States like Texas to New York to California to Missouri to Colorado and Florida and many other places. I would ask my colleagues to support this important amendment investing in our small businesses, women-owned and minority businesses of America. 
Mr. Chairman, I conclude by saying I 
want to also thank my colleagues for my amendment being in en bloc 
amendment No. 4, and I will later in-clude a statement into the R
ECORD re-
garding amendment No. 75. 
With that, I ask for support of 
amendment No. 52. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the 
gentlewoman for offering this amend-ment and just mention to my col-leagues that there are a number of pro-visions in the underlying bill that try to help encourage small businesses to participate with the Department of De-fense because I completely agree with the statements that were made. 
That is where much of the innovation 
occurs in this country, and the bu-reaucracy, the difficulty in our acquisi-tion system makes it very hard some-times—many times—for small busi-nesses to contribute. 
I think that idea and especially the 
small businesses targeted by the gen-tlewoman’s amendment is appropriate. 
I hope, Mr. Chairman, that all Mem-
bers, the supporters of this amendment and those who are concerned about small businesses having some greater opportunity to participate in Depart-ment of Defense procurement, will sup-port not only this amendment, but also final passage of the bill because that is the only way that this amendment ac-tually can become law. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 58, 60, 61, 65, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 75, 79, 80, 81, and 82 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
TEXAS  
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. AVAILABILITY OF CYBER SECURITY 
AND IT CERTIFICATIONS FOR DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE PER-SONNEL CRITICAL TO NETWORK DE-FENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2015 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘to obtain’’ and inserting 
‘‘and when appropriate, other Department of Defense personnel, to obtain’’; and 
(B) by adding ‘‘or industry recognized’’ be-
tween ‘‘professional’’ and ‘‘credentials’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(3) The authority under paragraph (1) 
may be used to pay the expenses of a member of the active Air Force, Army, Navy, Coast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.055 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3196 May 14, 2015 
Guard, the reserve components, defense con-
tractors, or civilians with access to informa-tion systems and identified as critical to net-work defense to obtain professional and in-dustry recognized credentials related to in-formation technology and cyber security functions.’’. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .— No additional funds 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the amendments made by this section, and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS OF  
OHIO 
At the end of subtitle H of title V (page 234, 
after line 12), add the following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. POSTHUMOUS COMMISSION AS CAP-
TAIN IN THE REGULAR ARMY FOR MILTON HOLLAND. 
(a) P OSTHUMOUS COMMISSION .—Milton Hol-
land, who, while sergeant major of the 5th Regiment, United States Colored Infantry, was awarded the Medal of Honor in recogni-tion of his action on September 29, 1864, dur-ing the Battle of Chapin’s Farm, Virginia, when, as the citation for the medal states, he ‘‘took command of Company C, after all the officers had been killed or wounded, and gal-lantly led it’’, shall be deemed for all pur-poses to have held the grade of captain in the regular Army, effective as of that date and continuing until his separation from the Army. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION OF BENEFITS .—Section 1523 
of title 10, United States Code, applies in the case of the posthumous commission de-scribed in subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 584. SENSE OF CONGRESS SUPPORTING THE 
DECISION OF THE ARMY TO POST-HUMOUSLY PROMOTE MASTER SER-GEANT (RETIRED) NAOMI HORWITZ TO SERGEANT MAJOR. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Naomi Horwitz was born in Milwaukee, 
Wisconsin in 1916. 
(2) In 1942, Ms. Horwitz marched into the 
Army recruiters office and asked to join. 
(3) Ms. Horwitz served with the Women’s 
Army Auxiliary Corps, the Women’s Army Corps, and the Reserves. 
(4) Ms. Horwitz served from 1942 until 1946 
and reenlisted a few years later. 
(5) On October 24, 1965, one of the proudest 
moments of her military career, Ms. Horwitz’s was promoted to the rank of Ser-geant Major in the U.S. Army Reserve. 
(6) As women were only eligible to hold the 
rank of Sergeant Major since 1960, Ms. Horwitz was one of only a handful of women to hold such rank during that time period. 
(7) Despite her promotion, Ms. Horwitz was 
not allowed to hold the rank of Sergeant Major. 
(8) Ms. Horwitz retired from the military 
in 1976 at a lower rank. 
(9) After her retirement from the military, 
Ms. Horwitz was a tireless veteran’s advo-cate serving for decades with AMVETS Post 60, Jewish War Veterans, the American Le-gion Milwaukee Women’s Post 448, the Allied Veterans Council of Milwaukee and the Vet-erans Day Parade Committee. 
(10) Ms. Horwitz was named Veteran of the 
Year in Milwaukee County in 2004. 
(11) In October 2014, Ms. Horwitz died at 
the age of 98. 
(12) One of Ms. Horwitz’s final wishes was 
that one of the proudest moment of her Army career be reflected on her gravestone. 
(13) In March 2015, the Secretary of the 
Army corrected this injustice and approved a request to posthumously promote Sergeant 
Major Horwitz. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
(1) joins the Army and our Nation in ex-
pressing our gratitude to Sergeant Major Naomi Horwitz for her 26 years of honorable military service and continued civilian serv-ice; and 
(2) supports the decision of the Army to 
posthumously promote Master Sergeant (re-tired) Naomi Horwitz to Sergeant Major. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN  
SCOTT OF GEORGIA  
Page 298, line 12, insert ‘‘in the pilot pro-
gram’’ after ‘‘beneficiaries’’. 
Page 298, beginning line 13, strike ‘‘pursu-
ant to section 1074g(f) of title 10, United States Code’’ and insert ‘‘through its Prime Vendor contracting process’’. 
Page 298, line 17, strike ‘‘be comprised of 
small business pharmacies’’ and insert ‘‘in-clude small business pharmacies (as defined by the Small Business Administration)’’. 
Page 298, line 19, insert before the semi-
colon the following: ‘‘provided there are suf-ficient number of small business pharmacies willing to participate in the pilot program’’. 
Page 299, line 11, insert after ‘‘(a)’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘and shall work with small business pharmacies to participate in the pilot pro-gram’’. 
Page 299, line 25, insert after ‘‘Secretary’’ 
the following: ‘‘shall give preference to re-gions with high small business pharmacy participation rates and’’. 
Page 300, after line 21, insert the following 
new paragraph (and redesignate the subse-quent paragraphs): 
(2) retail pharmacies; 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
OF FLORIDA  
Page 302, after line 18, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 723. PROVISION OF TRANSPORTATION OF 
DEPENDENT PATIENTS RELATING TO OBSTETRICAL ANESTHESIA SERVICES. 
Section 1040(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (F). 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN  
SCOTT OF GEORGIA  
Page 314, line 1 (in section 804), after ‘‘any 
requirement under’’ insert ‘‘subsection (a)(3) or’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . COLE OF  
OKLAHOMA  
Page 359, line 8, strike ‘‘regulations and 
practices’’ and insert ‘‘regulations, practices, and sustainment requirements’’. 
Page 359, line 14, insert before the period 
the following: ‘‘and each Center of Industrial and Technical Excellence (described in sec-tion 2474 of title 10, United States Code)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MS . FOXX OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  
Page 359, line 8, insert ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘De-
partment’’. 
Page 359, line 10, insert before the period 
the following: ‘‘; and (2) Department of De-fense practices related to the procurement, management, and use of intellectual prop-erty rights to facilitate competition in sustainment of weapon systems throughout their life-cycle’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . BOST OF  
ILLINOIS  
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add 
the following new section: 
SEC. 8 ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF AN OFFICE OF 
HEARINGS AND APPEALS IN THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION; PETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF SIZE STANDARDS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF AN OFFICE OF HEAR-
INGS AND APPEALS IN THE SMALL BUSINESS  
ADMINISTRATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Section 5 of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(i) O
FFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(A) O FFICE .—There is established in the 
Administration an Office of Hearings and Ap-peals— 
‘‘(i) to impartially decide matters relating 
to program decisions of the Administrator— 
‘‘(I) for which Congress requires a hearing 
on the record; or 
‘‘(II) that the Administrator designates for 
hearing by regulation; and 
‘‘(ii) which shall contain the office of the 
Administration that handles requests sub-mitted pursuant to sections 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) and main-tains records pursuant to section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .—The Office of Hearings 
and Appeals shall only hear appeals of mat-ters as described in this Act, the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and title 13 of the Code of Federal Reg-ulations. 
‘‘(C) A
SSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR .—The head 
of the Office of Hearings and Appeals shall be the Chief Hearing Officer appointed under section 4(b)(1), who shall be responsible to the Administrator. 
‘‘(2) C
HIEF HEARING OFFICER DUTIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Hearing Offi-
cer shall— 
‘‘(i) be a career appointee in the Senior Ex-
ecutive Service and an attorney licensed by a State, commonwealth, territory or posses-sion of the United States, or the District of Columbia; and 
‘‘(ii) be responsible for the operation and 
management of the Office of Hearings and Appeals. 
‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
The Chief Hearing Officer may assign a mat-ter for mediation or other means of alter-native dispute resolution. 
‘‘(3) H
EARING OFFICERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Office of Hearings 
and Appeals shall appoint Hearing Officers to carry out the duties described in paragraph (1)(A)(i). 
‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT .—A Hear-
ing Officer appointed under this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) shall serve in the excepted service as 
an employee of the Administration under section 2103 of title 5, United States Code, and under the supervision of the Chief Hear-ing Officer; 
‘‘(ii) shall be classified at a position to 
which section 5376 of title 5, United States Code, applies; and 
‘‘(iii) shall be compensated at a rate not 
exceeding the maximum rate payable under such section. 
‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY ; POWERS .—Notwith-
standing section 556(b) of title 5, United States Code, a Hearing Officer— 
‘‘(i) shall have the authority to hear claims 
arising under section 554 of such title; 
‘‘(ii) shall have the powers described in sec-
tion 556(c) of such title; and 
‘‘(iii) shall conduct hearings and issue deci-
sions in the manner described under sections 555, 556, and 557 of such title, as applicable. 
‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CURRENT PERSONNEL .— 
An individual serving as a Judge in the Of-fice of Hearings and Appeals (as that posi-tion and office are designated in section 134.101 of title 13, Code of Federal Regula-tions) on the effective date of this subsection shall be considered as qualified to be, and re-designated as, a Hearing Officer. 
‘‘(4) H
EARING OFFICER DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘Hearing Officer’ means an individual appointed or redesignated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.057 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3197 May 14, 2015 
under this subsection who is an attorney li-
censed by a State, commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, or the District of Columbia.’’. 
(2) A
SSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR AS CHIEF  
HEARING OFFICER .—Section 4(b)(1) of such Act 
(15 U.S.C. 633(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘One such Associate Ad-ministrator shall be the Chief Hearing Offi-cer, who shall administer the Office of Hear-ings and Appeals established under section 5(i).’’. 
(3) R
EPEAL OF REGULATION .—Section 
134.102(t) of title 13, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on January 1, 2015, (relat-ing to types of hearings within the jurisdic-tion of the Office of Hearings and Appeals) shall have no force or effect. 
(b) P
ETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF SIZE 
STANDARDS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .— 
Section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(9) P
ETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF  
SIZE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A person may file a peti-
tion for reconsideration with the Office of Hearings and Appeals (as established under section 5(i)) of a size standard revised, modi-fied, or established by the Administrator pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(B) T
IME LIMIT .—A person filing a petition 
for reconsideration described in subpara-graph (A) shall file such petition not later than 30 days after the publication in the Fed-eral Register of the notice of final rule to re-vise, modify, or establish size standards de-scribed in paragraph (6). 
‘‘(C) P
ROCESS FOR AGENCY REVIEW .—The Of-
fice of Hearings and Appeals shall use the same process it uses to decide challenges to the size of a small business concern to decide a petition for review pursuant to this para-graph. 
‘‘(D) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—The publication of 
a final rule in the Federal Register described in subparagraph (B) shall be considered final agency action for purposes of seeking judi-cial review. Filing a petition for reconsider-ation under subparagraph (A) shall not be a condition precedent to judicial review of any such size standard.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA OF  
NEW YORK  
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add 
the following new section: 
SEC. 8 ll. LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE AUCTIONS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, when used appropriately, re-verse auctions may improve the Federal Government’s procurement of commercially available commodities by increasing com-petition, reducing prices, and improving op-portunities for small businesses. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON REVERSE AUCTIONS .— 
The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 47 (15 U.S.C. 
631 note) as section 48; and 
(2) by inserting after section 46 the fol-
lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 47. LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE AUCTIONS. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITION ON USING REVERSE AUC-
TIONS FOR COVERED CONTRACTS .—In the case 
of a covered contract described in subsection (c), a reverse auction may not be used if the award of the contract is to be made under— 
‘‘(1) section 8(a); ‘‘(2) section 8(m); ‘‘(3) section 15(a); ‘‘(4) section 15(j); ‘‘(5) section 31; or ‘‘(6) section 36. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS ON USING REVERSE AUC-
TIONS .—In the case of the award of a contract 
made under paragraphs (1) through (6) of sub-section (a) that is not a covered contract, a reverse auction may be used for the award of 
such a contract, but only if the following re-quirements are met: 
‘‘(1) D
ECISIONS REGARDING USE OF A RE -
VERSE AUCTION .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the following decisions with respect to such a contract shall be made only by a con-tracting officer: 
‘‘(A) A decision to use a reverse auction as 
part of the competition for award of such a contract. 
‘‘(B) Any decision made after the decision 
described in subsection (A) regarding the ap-propriate evaluation criteria, the inclusion of vendors, the acceptability of vendor sub-missions (including decisions regarding timeliness), and the selection of the winner. 
‘‘(2) T
RAINING REQUIRED .—Only a con-
tracting officer who has received training on the appropriate use and supervision of re-verse auctions may use or supervise a re-verse auction for the award of such a con-tract. The training shall be provided by, or similar to the training provided by, the De-fense Acquisition University as described in section 824 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
‘‘(3) N
UMBER OF OFFERS ; REVISIONS TO  
BIDS.—A Federal agency may not award such 
a contract using a reverse auction if only one offer is received or if offerors do not have the ability to submit revised bids with lower prices throughout the course of the auction. 
‘‘(4) T
ECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE OFFERS .—A 
Federal agency awarding such a contract using a reverse auction shall evaluate the technical acceptability of offers only as technically acceptable or unacceptable. 
‘‘(5) U
SE OF PRICE RANKINGS .—A Federal 
agency may not award such a contract using a reverse auction if at any time during the award process the Federal agency mis-informs an offeror about the price ranking of the offeror’s last offer submitted in relation to offers submitted by other offerors. 
‘‘(6) U
SE OF THIRD -PARTY AGENTS .—If a Fed-
eral agency uses a third party agent to assist with the award of such a contract using a re-verse auction, the Federal agency shall en-sure that— 
‘‘(A) inherently governmental functions (as 
such term is used in section 2303 of title 41, United States Code) are not performed by 
private contractors, including by the third party agent; 
‘‘(B) information on the past contract per-
formance of offerors created by the third party agent and shared with the Federal agency is collected, maintained, and shared in compliance with section 1126 of title 41, United States Code; 
‘‘(C) information on whether an offeror is a 
responsible source (as defined in section 113 of title 41, United States Code) that is cre-ated by the third party agent and shared with the Federal agency is shared with the offeror and complies with section 8(b)(7) of this Act; and 
‘‘(D) disputes between the third party 
agent and an offeror may not be used to jus-tify a determination that an offeror is not a responsible source (as defined in section 113 of title 41, United States Code) or to other-wise restrict the ability of an offeror to com-pete for the award of such a contract or task or delivery order. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTING OFFICER .—The term ‘con-
tracting officer’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101(1) of title 41, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED CONTRACT .—The term ‘cov-
ered contract’ means a contract— 
‘‘(A) for design and construction services; ‘‘(B) for goods purchased to protect Federal 
employees, members of the Armed Forces, or civilians from bodily harm; or 
‘‘(C) for goods or services other than those 
goods or services described in subparagraph (A) or (B)— 
‘‘(i) to be awarded based on factors other 
than price and technical responsibility; or 
‘‘(ii) if awarding the contract requires the 
contracting officer to conduct discussions with the offerors about their offer. 
‘‘(3) D
ESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION SERVICES .— 
The term ‘design and construction services’ means— 
‘‘(A) site planning and landscape design; ‘‘(B) architectural and interior design; ‘‘(C) engineering system design; ‘‘(D) performance of construction work for 
facility, infrastructure, and environmental restoration projects; 
‘‘(E) delivery and supply of construction 
materials to construction sites; 
‘‘(F) construction, alteration, or repair, in-
cluding painting and decorating, of public buildings and public works; and 
‘‘(G) architectural and engineering services 
as defined in section 1102 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(4) R
EVERSE AUCTION .—The term ‘reverse 
auction’, with respect to procurement by an agency, means an auction between a group of offerors who compete against each other by submitting offers for a contract or task or delivery order with the ability to submit re-vised offers with lower prices throughout the course of the auction.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  
Page 384, line 8, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a 
semicolon. 
Page 384, line 13, strike the period and in-
sert a semicolon. 
Page 384, after line 13, insert the following 
new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) to evaluate commercial off-the-shelf 
business systems for security, resilience, re-liability, interoperability, and integration with existing interrelated systems where such system integration and interoperability are essential to Department of Defense oper-ations; 
‘‘(D) to work with commercial off-the-shelf 
business system developers and owners in adapting systems for Department of Defense use; 
‘‘(E) to work with commercial off-the-shelf 
business system developers and owners where necessary to evaluate the feasibility of making the necessary changes where need-ed to adapt systems for Department of De-fense use; 
‘‘(F) to perform Department of Defense 
system audits to determine which systems are related to or rely upon the system to be replaced or integrated with commercial off- the-shelf business systems; 
‘‘(G) to include data mapping as a step in 
the testing of commercial off-the-shelf busi-ness systems prior to deployment; and 
‘‘(H) to perform full backup of systems 
that will be changed or replaced by the in-stallation of commercial off-the-shelf busi-ness systems prior to installation and de-ployment to ensure reconstitution of the system to a functioning state should it be-come necessary. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  
At the end of title VIII (page 400, after line 
23), add the following new section: 
SEC. 865. EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION BETWEEN 
GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Federal Ac-quisition Regulatory Council shall prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.057 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3198 May 14, 2015 
a regulation making clear that agency ac-
quisition personnel are permitted and en-couraged to engage in responsible and con-structive exchanges with industry, so long as those exchanges are consistent with existing law and regulation and do not promote an unfair competitive advantage to particular firms. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  
At the end of title VIII (page 400, after line 
23), add the following new section: 
SEC. 865. STRENGTHENING PROGRAM AND 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT PERFORM-ANCE. 
(a) P LAN ON STRENGTHENING PROGRAM AND  
PROJECT MANAGEMENT PERFORMANCE .—Not 
later than 180 days following the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a plan for improving management of IT programs and projects. 
(b) M
ATTERS COVERED .—The plan required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) Creation of a specialized career path for 
program management. 
(2) The development of a competency 
model for program management consistent with the IT project manager model. 
(3) A career advancement model that re-
quires appropriate expertise and experience for advancement. 
(4) A career advancement model that is 
more competitive with the private sector and that recognizes both Government and private sector experience. 
(c) C
OMBINATION WITH OTHER CADRES  
PLAN.—The Director may combine the plan 
required by subsection (a) with the acquisi-tion human capital plans that were devel-oped pursuant to the October 27, 2009, guid-ance issued by the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy in furtherance of sec-tion 1704(g) of title 41, United States Code (originally enacted as section 869 of the Dun-can Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110-417; 122 Stat. 4553)), to address how the agencies are meeting their human capital require-ments to support the timely and effective ac-quisition of information technology. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . FARR OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Page 400, after line 23, insert the following: 
SEC. 8 lll . SYCHRONIZATION OF DEFENSE AC-
QUISITION CURRICULA. 
Section 1746(c) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) 
The’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The President of such University shall 
also convene a review board annually with faculty representatives from relevant profes-sional schools and degree-granting institu-tions of the Department of Defense and mili-tary departments, such as the service acad-emies, the Naval Postgraduate School, and other similar schools and institutions, in order to review and synchronize defense ac-quisition curricula across the entire Depart-ment of Defense.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . FARR OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Page 400, after line 23, insert the following: 
SEC. 8 ll RESEARCH AND ANALYSIS OF DE-
FENSE ACQUISITION POLICY. 
Section 1746(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) research and analysis of defense acqui-
sition policy issues from academic institu-tions, such as the Naval Postgraduate School 
and other Department of Defense schools, that offer in-depth analysis of the entire de-fense acquisition decision support system from both a business and public policy per-spective and from an operational and infor-mation sciences perspective.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) each will control 10 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased at this point to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST). 
Mr. BOST. I thank the chairman for 
yielding and this opportunity to offer my amendment. 
Mr. Chair, when the Small Business 
Administration sets a size standard for a small business, it is determining whether that company can qualify for loans, Federal contracts, and other de-velopment assistance. 
Unfortunately, there are times that 
the SBA sets an inappropriate size standard, wrongly classifying a small business as a large business, which can deny them critical access and assist-ance and contract opportunities. 
b2100 
My bipartisan amendment, offered 
with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), builds upon previous efforts 
to improve the SBA size standards process. This will empower America’s job creators to appeal directly to the SBA when they believe they have re-ceived an inappropriate designation. This change will spare small businesses from having to engage in expensive and time-consuming lawsuits to make their voice heard. 
Our amendment is supported by the 
National Small Business Association, the National Defense Industrial Asso-ciation, and other small business orga-nizations. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
again, let me offer my appreciation to the chairman and ranking member for including my amendment, No. 75, in en bloc amendment No. 4. 
I want to thank, also, my good friend 
from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). 
Both of us serve on the Committee on Homeland Security. He serves on the Armed Services Committee, but we see that there are overlapping issues. 
My amendment simply makes an im-
portant contribution to the bill by en-suring that changes made to DOD com-puting systems using software bought and modified for agency operations will not result in the disruption of DOD op-erations. 
I would like to offer this amendment 
in recognition of a great unsung hero of the modern computing age, Rear Ad-miral Grace Murray Hopper, who was one of the first programmers, who in-
vented the first compiler for a com-puter programming language and was a visionary who worked to make ma-chine-independent programming lan-guages possible. Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper is not very well known outside of the world of computing, but I salute her work in advancing the science of advanced computing systems while she served as a member of the 
armed services. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. The Jackson Lee 
amendment will provide the Depart-ment of Defense chief privacy officer with the tools it needs to plan and exe-cute updates and changes to the DOD computer networks. 
In this world of hacking and the im-
portance of securing our infrastructure of cybersecurity, I believe that this amendment will contribute to the im-provement of the DOD and protect against cyber attacks. 
Again, I thank the chairman and 
ranking member for including my amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY  
and Ranking Member S MITH for their work on 
this bill and their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces. 
I also thank them for including in En Bloc 
Amendment #4 the Jackson Lee Amendment (No. 125), which makes an important contribu-tion to the bill by ensuring that changes made to DOD computing systems using software bought and modified for agency operations will not result in the disruption of DOD operations. 
I would like to offer this amendment in rec-
ognition of a great unsung hero of the modern computing age. 
Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper who is 
one of the first programmers who invented the first compiler for a computer programming lan-guage, and was the visionary who worked to make machine-independent programming lan-guages possible. 
Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper is not 
very well known outside of the world of com-puting, but I salute her work in advancing the science advance computing systems while she served as a member of the armed services. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will provide 
the Department of Defense Chief Privacy Offi-cer with the tools it needs to plan and execute updates and changes to DOD computer net-works. 
There is no entity like the Department of 
Defense so the agency will need all of the re-sources necessary to prepare to transition its computing networks using software and com-ponents purchased and modified for special-ized purposes. 
The importance of DOD functions for the se-
curity of our nation makes the importance of modernizing their computing systems of value to the nation and the demands they will face today and into the future. 
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 125 will en-
sure that changes made to DOD computing systems using software bought and modified for agency use will not result in disruption of DOD operations. 
I thank the Chairman and Ranking Member 
for including this amendment in this En Bloc 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.057 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3199 May 14, 2015 
Amendment #4 and I encourage all Members 
to support it. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of my amendment, No. 58. 
As chairman of the Oversight and 
Government Reform Subcommittee on Information Technology, over the past 5 months, one thing has become pain-fully clear to me: the IT infrastructure of the Federal Government is behind the times, and those who maintain our already-outdated systems have a dif-ficult job due to red tape and bureau-cratic hurdles. Compounding this issue and making it worse is the fact that there is a shortage of high-skilled labor in IT security both in the public and private sectors. 
My amendment would modify exist-
ing law to allow all personnel identi-fied as critical to network defense within DOD and DHS who have re-ceived the appropriate training to take the necessary exams, backing their skills with certification. 
A large number of these individuals 
receive the valuable training needed to protect our networks and defend cyber domains, but their skills are not al-ways backed by certification. This not only means there is little account-ability in the system, but also that those who choose to leave the Federal Government have a hard time explain-ing their qualifications to potential employers. 
This amendment solves both of these 
issues by providing internationally rec-ognized certification to individuals in critical roles. More importantly, this amendment would not seek any addi-tional funding to implement this pol-icy change. 
This change will enhance U.S. na-
tional security, ensure value of tax-payer investments in IT training, and even help our veterans transition their hard-earned skills to civilian employ-ment once their service has ended. 
I thank the chairman for his support 
and commend him for his work on this bill. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, since 
there are no additional speakers on my side, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds to note that there are 15 amendments in this en bloc package, 8 sponsored by Repub-licans and 7 by Democrats. There truly was bipartisan participation in formu-lating this package, and I hope all the sponsors of these 15 amendments will support this bill on final passage. 
I urge adoption of the en bloc, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 5 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 62, 73, 74, 77, 78, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 92, 93, 95, 97, 98, and 100 printed in House Report No. 114–112, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. PRELIMINARY MENTAL HEALTH 
SCREENINGS FOR INDIVIDUALS BE-COMING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 31 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 520d. Preliminary mental health screenings 
‘‘(a) P
ROVISION OF MENTAL HEALTH SCREEN -
ING.—Before any individual enlists in an 
armed force or is commissioned as an officer in an armed force, the Secretary concerned shall provide the individual with a mental health screening. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF SCREENING .—(1) The Secretary 
shall use the results of a mental screening conducted under subsection (a) as a baseline for any subsequent mental health examina-tions of the individual, including such ex-aminations provided under sections 1074f and 1074m of this title. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may not consider the 
results of a mental health screening con-ducted under subsection (a) in determining the promotion of a member of the armed forces. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF PRIVACY LAWS.—With 
respect to applicable laws and regulations relating to the privacy of information, the Secretary shall treat a mental health screen-ing conducted under subsection (a) in the same manner as the medical records of a member of the armed forces.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding after the item relating to section 520c the following new item: 
‘‘520d. Preliminary mental health 
screenings.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Mental Health of the National Institutes of Health shall sub-mit to Congress and the Secretary of Defense a report on preliminary mental health screenings of members of the Armed Forces. 
(B) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) Recommendations with respect to es-
tablishing a preliminary mental health screening of members of the Armed Forces to bring mental health screenings to parity with physical screenings of members. 
(ii) Recommendations with respect to the 
composition of the mental health screening, evidenced-based best practices, and how to track changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain injuries, post- traumatic stress disorder, and other condi-tions. 
(C) C
OORDINATION .—The National Institute 
of Mental Health shall carry out subpara-graph (A) in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the surgeons general of the military departments, and other relevant experts. (2) R
EPORTS ON EFFICACY OF SCREENINGS .— 
(A) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—Not later 
than one year after the date on which the Secretary of Defense begins providing pre-liminary mental health screenings under section 520d(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the efficacy of such preliminary mental health screenings. 
(B) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .—Not later than 
one year after the submittal of the report under subparagraph (A), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the efficacy of the pre-liminary mental health screenings described in such subparagraph. 
(C) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The reports re-
quired by subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall in-clude the following: 
(i) An evaluation of the evidence-based 
best practices used by the Secretary in com-posing and conducting preliminary mental health screenings of members of the Armed Forces under such section 520d(a). 
(ii) An evaluation of the evidence-based 
best practices used by the Secretary in tracking changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain inju-ries, post-traumatic stress disorder, and other conditions among members of the Armed Forces. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PRELIMINARY MEN-
TAL HEALTH SCREENING .—The Secretary of 
Defense may not provide a preliminary men-tal health screening under section 520d(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), until the Secretary receives and evaluates the initial report required by sub-section (c)(1). 
(e) R
EPORT ON EFFICACY OF PHYSICAL EX-
AMINATIONS FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE  
ARMED FORCES UPONSEPARATION FROM AC-
TIVE DUTY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the efficacy of the men-tal health components of the physical exami-nations provided under paragraph (5) of sec-tion 1145(a) of title 10, United States Code, to members of the Armed Forces who are sepa-rated from active duty as described in para-graph (2) of such section. 
(2) E
VALUATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The re-
port required by paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of the effectiveness of the physical examinations described in such sub-section in— 
(A) identifying members of the Armed 
Forces with traumatic brain injury, post- traumatic stress disorder, and other mental health conditions; and 
(B) ensuring that health care is provided 
for such members. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
OF OKLAHOMA  
Page 376, after line 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 844. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROCURE-
MENT OF FIRE HOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) The General Services Administration 
has historically procured specialized fire hoses designed for combating wildfires used by the Forest Service. 
(2) A memorandum of agreement was 
signed on February 5, 2014, by the Adminis-trator of General Services and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency designating the Defense Logistics Agency as the inte-grated material manager and source of sup-ply for such fire hoses. 
(3) While the intent of this agreement was 
to secure efficiencies in procurement and cost savings for the Government, the trans-fer of procurement authority to the Depart-ment of Defense had the unintentional effect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.056 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3200 May 14, 2015 
of requiring all suppliers of such fire hoses to 
comply with the domestic sourcing require-ments of section 2533a of title 10, United States Code, also known as the Berry Amendment. 
(4) There is currently only one known pro-
vider of such fire hoses and that provider is not fully compliant with the domestic sourcing requirements of the Berry Amend-ment. 
(5) As a result of the designation of the De-
fense Logistic Agency as the integrated ma-terial manager for the procurement of such fire hoses and the new requirement for com-pliance with the Berry Amendment, the For-est Service does not anticipate the ability to procure the necessary number of fire hoses before the fire season begins in early June and is currently facing a shortfall of 56,000 hoses out of the 93,000 required. According to the Chief of the Forest Service, this shortfall represents a critical risk to a number of States that are likely to experience a season of above average wildfire activity. 
(6) During the period of May 1, 2014, 
through May 5, 2015, less than 9 percent of quantities of such hoses purchased by the Defense Logistics Agency were procured for the purposes of the Department of Defense. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Based on the find-
ings in subsection (a), it is the sense of Con-gress that procurement authority for spe-cialized fire hoses for the United States For-est Service should be reestablished as an ac-tivity of the General Services Administra-tion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
Page 379, after line 20, insert the following 
(e) L IMITATION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to a covered item as defined in sub-paragraphs of (B), (C), (D), or (E) of section 2533a(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  
At the end of title VIII (page 400, after line 
23), add the following new section: 
SEC. 865. STANDARDS FOR OROCUREMENT OF SE-
CURE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND CYBER SECURITY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall conduct an assessment of the application of the Open Trusted Tech-nology Provider Standard to Department of Defense procurements for information tech-nology and cyber security acquisitions and provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment and brief-
ing required by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Assessment of the current Open Trusted 
Technology Provider Standard to determine what aspects might be adopted by the De-partment of Defense and where additional development of the standard may be re-quired. 
(2) Identification of the types or classes of 
programs where the standard might be ap-plied most effectively, as well as identifica-tion of types or classes of programs that should specifically be excluded from consid-eration. 
(3) Assessment of the impact on current ac-
quisition regulations or policies of the adop-tion of the standard. 
(4) Recommendations the Secretary may 
have related to the adoption of the standard or improvement in the standard to support Department acquisitions. 
(5) Any other matters the Secretary may 
deem appropriate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
At the end of title VIII, insert the fol-
lowing new section: SEC. 8 ll. MODIFICATIONS TO THE JUSTIFICA-
TION AND APPROVAL PROCESS FOR CERTAIN SOLE-SOURCE CONTRACTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SIMPLIFIED JUSTIFICATION  
AND APPROVAL PROCESS .—Section 811 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111-84; 123 Stat. 2405; 41 U.S.C. 3304 note) is repealed. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR JUSTIFICATION AND  
APPROVAL PROCESS .— 
(1) D EFENSE PROCUREMENTS .—Section 
2304(f)(2)(D)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘if such pro-curement is for property or services in an amount less than $20,000,000’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
(2) C
IVILIAN PROCUREMENTS .—Section 
3304(e)(4) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or 
section 8(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)).’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the procurement is for property or 
services in an amount less than $20,000,000 and is conducted under section 8(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
OF MISSISSIPPI  
Strike section 1053 and insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 1053. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF CER-
TAIN AH–64 APACHE HELICOPTERS FROM ARMY NATIONAL GUARD TO REGULAR ARMY AND RELATED PER-SONNEL LEVELS. 
Section 1712 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2016’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2016’’ both places it appears. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MRS . ELLMERS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
Page 474, after line 17, insert the following: 
SEC. 1060. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO DE-
ACTIVATE 440TH AIRLIFT WING. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated in this Act or otherwise made avail-able for the Department of Defense may be used to deactivate the 440th airlift wing, or to move the personnel or aircraft of the 440th airlift wing, or to otherwise degrade the ca-pabilities of the 440th airlift wing until the Secretary of Defense certifies that the deac-tivation of the 440th airlift wing will not af-fect the military readiness for the airborne and special operations units stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . KATKO OF  
NEW YORK  
Page 485, after line 2, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 10 ll. REPORT ON OPTIONS TO ACCEL-
ERATE THE TRAINING OF RE-MOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT PI-LOTS. 
Not later than February 1, 2016, the Sec-
retary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report addressing the immediate and critical train-ing and operational needs of the remotely pi-loted aircraft community. The report shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the viability of using 
non-rated, civilian, contractor, or enlisted pilots to execute remotely piloted aircraft missions. 
(2) An assessment of the availability and 
existing utilization of special use airspace available for remotely piloted aircraft train-ing and a plan for accessing additional spe-
cial use airspace in order to meet antici-pated training requirements for remotely pi-loted aircraft. 
(3) A comprehensive training plan aimed at 
increasing the throughput of undergraduate remotely piloted aircraft training without sacrificing quality and standards. 
(4) Establishment of an optimum ratio for 
the mix of training airframes to operational airframes in the remotely piloted aircraft in-ventory necessary to achieve manning re-quirements for pilots and sensor operators and, to the extent practicable, a plan for fielding additional remotely piloted aircraft airframes at the formal training units in the active, National Guard, and reserve compo-nents in accordance with optimum ratios for MQ–9 and Global Hawk remotely piloted air-craft. 
(5) Establishment of optimum and min-
imum crew ratios to combat air patrols tak-ing into account all tasks remotely piloted aircraft units execute and, to the extent practicable, a plan for conducting missions in accordance with optimum ratios. 
(6) Identification of any resource, legisla-
tive, or departmental policy challenges im-peding the corrective action needed to reach a sustainable remotely piloted aircraft oper-ations tempo. 
(7) An assessment, to the extent prac-
ticable, of the direct and indirect impacts that the integration of remotely piloted air-craft into the national airspace system has on the ability to generate remotely piloted aircraft crews. 
(8) Any other matters the Secretary deter-
mines appropriate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
At the end of subtitle F of title X (page 485, 
after line 2), add the following new section: 
SEC. 1067. EXPEDITED MEETINGS OF THE NA-
TIONAL COMMISSION ON THE FU-TURE OF THE ARMY. 
Section 1702(f) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3665) is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘Section 10 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App. I) shall not apply to a meeting of the Commission unless the meeting is attended by five or more members of the Commission.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
WASHINGTON  
At the end of title V (page 247, after line 
20), add the following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. REPORT REGARDING NEW RULE-
MAKING UNDER THE MILITARY LENDING ACT AND DEFENSE MAN-POWER DATA CENTER REPORTS AND MEETINGS. 
(a) R EPORT ON NEWMILITARY LENDING ACT 
RULEMAKING .—After the issuance by the Sec-
retary of Defense of the regulation issued with regard to section 987 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the Mili-tary Lending Act), and part of 232 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations (its imple-menting regulation), but before the relevant compliance date for any provisions of such regulation that relate to the identification of a covered borrower under the Military Lending Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that discusses— 
(1) the ability and reliability of the De-
fense Manpower Data Center in meeting real-time requests for accurate information needed to make a determination regarding whether a borrower is covered by the Mili-tary Lending Act; or 
(2) an alternate mechanism or mechanisms 
for identifying such covered borrowers. 
(b) D
EFENSE MANPOWER DATA CENTER RE-
PORTS AND MEETINGS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.058 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3201 May 14, 2015 
(1) R EPORTS ON ACCURACY , RELIABILITY , AND 
INTEGRITY OF SYSTEMS .—The Director of the 
Defense Manpower Data Center shall submit to Congress reports on the accuracy, reli-ability, and integrity of the Defense Man-power Data Center systems used to identify covered borrowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws. The first report is due six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and the Director shall submit additional reports every six months thereafter as necessary to show improvements in the accuracy, reli-ability, and integrity of such systems. 
(2) R
EPORT ON PLAN TO STRENGTHEN CAPA -
BILITIES .—Not later than six months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Manpower Data Cen-ter shall submit to Congress a report on plans to strengthen the capabilities of the Defense Manpower Data Center systems, in-cluding staffing levels and funding, in order to improve the identification of covered bor-rowers and covered policyholders under mili-tary consumer protection laws. 
(3) M
EETINGS WITH PRIVATE SECTOR USERS  
OF SYSTEMS .—The Director of the Defense 
Manpower Data Center shall meet regularly with private sector users of Defense Man-power Data Center systems used to identify covered borrowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws to learn about issues facing such users and to develop ways of addressing such issues. The first meeting pursuant to this requirement shall take place with three months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
OF ARKANSAS  
Page 528, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1092. SITUATIONS INVOLVING BOMBINGS OF 
PLACES OF PUBLIC USE, GOVERN-MENT FACILITIES, PUBLIC TRANS-PORTATION SYSTEMS, AND INFRA-STRUCTURE FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 18 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 383. Situations involving bombings of 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infra-structure facilities 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The direct participation 
of members of the Armed Forces assigned to explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) units pro-viding support to civilian law enforcement agencies does not involve search, seizure, ar-rest or other similar activity. Upon the re-quest of the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense may provide such assistance in Department of Justice activities related to the enforcement of section 2332f of title 18 during situations involving bombings of places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infra-structure facilities. 
‘‘(b) M
UTUAL AIDAGREEMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense, through mutual aid agree-ment with the Attorney General shall, in the interest of public safety, waive reimburse-ment on military EOD support of Depart-ment of Justice activities related to the en-forcement of section 2332f of title 18 for situ-ations involving bombings of places of public use, Government facilities, public transpor-tation systems, and infrastructure facilities. 
‘‘(c) R
ENDERING -SAFE SUPPORT .—Military 
EOD units providing rendering-safe support to Department of Justice activities relating to the enforcement of section 175, 229, or 2332a of title 18 emergency situations involv-ing weapons of mass destruction shall be consistent with the provisions of section 382 of this title. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘explosive ordnance’— ‘‘(A) means— ‘‘(i) bombs and warheads; 
‘‘(ii) guided and ballistic missiles; ‘‘(iii) artillery, mortar, rocket, and small 
arms ammunition; 
‘‘(iv) all mines, torpedoes, and depth 
charges; 
‘‘(v) grenades demolition charges; ‘‘(vi) pyrotechnics; ‘‘(vii) clusters and dispensers; ‘‘(viii) cartridge- and propellant– actuated 
devices; 
‘‘(ix) electroexplosives devices; ‘‘(x) clandestine and improvised explosive 
devices (IEDs); and 
‘‘(xi) all similar or related items or compo-
nents explosive in nature; and 
‘‘(B) includes all munitions containing ex-
plosives, propellants, nuclear fission or fu-sion materials, and biological and chemical agents. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘explosive ordnance disposal 
procedures’ means those particular courses or modes of action for access to, recovery, rendering–safe, and final disposal of explo-sive ordnance or any hazardous material as-sociated with an EOD incident, including— 
‘‘(A) access procedures; ‘‘(B) recovery procedures; ‘‘(C) render-safe procedures; and ‘‘(D) final disposal procedures.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘383. Situations involving bombings of 
places of public use, Government facili-ties, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO OF  
OREGON  
Page 528, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1092. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
It is the sense of Congress that a technical 
correction to the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act of Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3881) should be enacted in order to expeditiously carry out the intent of such section 3095. 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
In division A, at the end of title X, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 1092. OBSERVANCE OF VETERANS DAY. 
(a) T WOMINUTES OF SILENCE .—Chapter 1 of 
title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 145. Veterans Day 
‘‘The President shall issue each year a 
proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe two minutes of si-lence on Veterans Day in honor of the serv-ice and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Nation, beginning at— 
‘‘(1) 3:11 pm Atlantic standard time; ‘‘(2) 2:11 pm eastern standard time; ‘‘(3) 1:11 pm central standard time; ‘‘(4) 12:11 pm mountain standard time; ‘‘(5) 11:11 am Pacific standard time; ‘‘(6) 10:11 am Alaska standard time; and ‘‘(7) 9:11 am Hawaii-Aleutian standard 
time.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘145. Veterans Day.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  
At the end of subtitle A of title XII (page 
544, after line 16), add the following: SEC. 12xx. MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DIS-ASTER, AND CIVIC AID PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act to carry out sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code, up to 5 percent of such amounts may be made available to conduct monitoring and evaluation of pro-grams conducted pursuant to such authori-ties during fiscal year 2016. 
(b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on mechanisms to evaluate the programs conducted pursuant to the authorities listed in subsection (a). The briefing shall include the following: 
(1) A description of how the Department of 
Defense evaluates program and project out-comes and impact, including cost effective-ness and extent to which programs meet des-ignated goals. 
(2) An analysis of steps taken to imple-
ment the recommendations from the fol-lowing reports: 
(A) The Government Accountability Of-
fice’s Report entitled ‘‘Project Evaluations and Better Information Sharing Needed to Manage the Military’s Efforts’’. 
(B) The Department of Defense Inspector 
General Report numbered ‘‘DODIG–2012–119’’. 
(C) The RAND Corporation’s Report pre-
pared for the Office of the Secretary of De-fense entitled ‘‘Developing a Prototype Handbook for Monitoring and Evaluating De-partment of Defense Humanitarian Assist-ance Projects’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  
At the end of subtitle B of title XII (page 
550, after line 26), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO ENGAGE 
UNITED STATES MANUFACTURERS IN PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITIES RELATED TO EQUIPPING THE AF-GHAN NATIONAL SECURITY FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Defense and the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to Congress a report on efforts of the Secretaries to engage United States manu-facturers in procurement opportunities re-lated to equipping the Afghan National Secu-rity Forces. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  
Page 557, after line 3, insert the following 
(and redesignate the subsequent provisions accordingly): 
(6) the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-
tion with Secretary of State, shall continue to pursue efforts to shut down ISIL’s illicit oil revenues; 
Page 559, after line 6, insert the following 
(and redesignate the subsequent provisions accordingly): 
(F) A detailed description of the resources 
required by the Secretary of Defense to counter ISIL’s illicit oil revenues 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . 
BLUMENAUER OF OREGON  
In the section heading for section 1216, 
strike ‘‘ SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING ’’ (and 
conform the table of contents accordingly). 
In section 1216, strike ‘‘It is the sense of 
Congress’’ and insert the following: 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.058 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3202 May 14, 2015 
At the end of section 1216, add the fol-
lowing: 
(b) S PECIAL IMMIGRANT STATUS FOR CER-
TAIN AFGHANS .—Section 602(b) of the Afghan 
Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(A)(ii)(II), by striking 
‘‘International Security Assistance Force’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘International Security Assistance Force, the Resolute Support Mission, or any suc-cessor organization’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(F)(i), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2015;’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—Not later than 
60 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly shall submit a report to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate containing the following: 
‘‘(A) The number of citizens or nationals of 
Afghanistan employed in Afghanistan by, or on behalf of, entities or organizations de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(ii). 
‘‘(B) A prediction of the number of such in-
dividuals who will be so employed on the date that is 2 years after the date used for the count under subparagraph (A).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) each will control 10 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), a colleague on the Armed 
Services Committee who is also vice chair of the Subcommittee on Readi-ness. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, while 
I will support this en bloc package, I stand in opposition to the provision to delay the transfer of Apaches from the National Guard to the Active Army. 
In committee, Chairman W
ILSON of 
South Carolina and I worked very closely to authorize a congressional re-view, no less than 60 days, following the Commission’s report release. The gentleman from Mississippi’s (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) provision would scratch this 
and limit our review time. 
More importantly, this amendment 
would have devastating impacts on the Army’s combat aviation brigades and on States like New York, Kansas, Ha-waii, Arizona, and California. 
As the Representative of Fort Drum, 
home of the 10th Mountain Division, any delay would cause this high oper-ational tempo unit to be left without an aviation brigade. Let me be clear. Any Apache delay will have grave con-sequences on Army’s readiness, deploy-ment schedule, and dwell time. 
And to clarify, in exchange for the 
Apaches, the National Guard is set to receive fully modernized Blackhawks. However, derailing, delaying, or lim-iting Apache transfers would halt Blackhawk modernization and would, consequently, inhibit lift and rescue operations, which are critical to a 
State’s emergency response. 
Mr. Chairman, while I will not vote 
against this package, I will continue to fight for an on-time transfer of the Apaches from the National Guard to the Army. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, let 
me first say that I want to thank the chairman of the Armed Services Com-mittee for his bipartisan cooperation in arriving at this en bloc package. 
I have no speakers at this point, so I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, since its establish-
ment, the National Guard has persist-ently answered the call to defend our Nation and respond in times of na-tional crises. 
After September 11, 2001, the Na-
tional Guard was, once again, called on to stand to post, deploying for months on end, leaving loved ones behind. 
Unfortunately, the Army’s Aviation 
Restructuring Initiative, or ARI, is set to have a devastating impact not only on the National Guard in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, but on the entire Na-tional Guard, leaving the force less combat capable and less able to provide operational depth. 
Last year, Congress wisely created 
the National Commission on the Fu-ture of the Army to offer a deliberate approach to addressing force structure issues and ARI. We need to allow the Commission to do its work and ensure that Congress has sufficient time to consider the Commission’s report and recommendations before the Army takes any further harmful and irrevers-ible actions. 
The amendment I have offered Rep-
resentatives P
ALAZZO and W ALZ will 
ensure that Congress has that oppor-tunity, and I would urge your support. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ). 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and the committee staff 
for continuing to work with me on issues facing Fort Bragg, including the deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing. 
My amendment is simple. I am de-
manding accountability for what I be-lieve to be a terribly misguided and shortsighted decision. The airborne and special operations units the 440th sup-ports are unique because there are paratroopers within the Global Re-sponse Force who are on call 24/7, packed and ready to deploy anywhere in the world within hours. It is safe to say that the level of readiness required for these forces is unparalleled. 
In the midst of global uncertainty, 
the idea of deactivating such a vital element is simply baffling to me. I see 
this as dangerous to our paratroopers, and I demand accountability for this ill-advised decision. As the Representa-tive of Fort Bragg, I will not stand idly by when I see a decision that nega-tively impacts the brave men and women serving our country. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of amendment No. 86 to bring awareness to an issue that greatly af-fects the future of our Air Force, and it can be boiled down to one specific fact: we need more remotely piloted aircraft pilots. 
As many of you know, the military 
has increasingly emphasized the use of unmanned aerial systems to support military operations around the world. We should continue providing the as-sets necessary to protect and enable our servicemembers to do their job. 
Air Force leadership has recently 
made several remarks, stating the need for 300 annually trained RPA pilots. However, we can only muster a frac-tion of that number at this time. 
I stand before this body today to ask 
support for a report to Congress that requests clarification on how the De-partment of Defense—specifically, the Air Force—plans on solving this prob-lem. 
I ask my colleagues to not restrict 
the operational needs of our Air Force and ask for strong support of this amendment. 
I thank the gentleman from Texas 
for his time, and I urge adoption of my amendment. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased at this point to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment on behalf of our Nation’s servicemembers. This amendment is verbatim to a bill that the gentleman from Ohio, Congressman T
IMRYAN, and 
I introduced earlier this year, H.R. 1465, the Medical Evaluation Parity for Servicemembers Act of 2015. This amendment will help the military iden-tify behavioral health issues and im-prove suicide prevention by instituting a mental health assessment for all in-coming military recruits. 
A recent Army study confirmed the 
need to address mental health issues in a timely manner, finding that ‘‘nearly one in five Army soldiers enter the service with a psychiatric disorder, and nearly half of all soldiers who tried sui-cide first attempted it before enlist-ing.’’ 
The amendment is respective of serv-
icemembers’ privacy, and the mental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.058 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3203 May 14, 2015 
evaluation cannot be used in deter-
mining promotion. This amendment will simply ensure that we have a bet-ter baseline for the mental health of a servicemember during his or her mili-tary career. 
These brave men and women put 
their lives on the line every day in the service of our Nation, and it is our re-sponsibility to offer everything in our power to guarantee they return home safely, both physically and mentally. 
This amendment has strong bipar-
tisan support and the support of a large number of military and mental health advocacy groups which understand our troops deserve as much support as we can provide them. 
Mr. Chairman, 108 of our military 
took their own lives between October and December of 2014 by suicide. Let’s stop this tragedy. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this amendment and the under-lying bill. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
at this point, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA) for the 
purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. MICA. I thank the distinguished 
gentleman from Texas for yielding and also for entering into this colloquy. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in concern to a 
potential Air Force determination under section 2667 of title 10, ref-erencing an enhanced used lease agree-ment offered by the Canaveral Port Au-thority for use of Department of De-fense lands directly adjacent to the Ca-naveral Harbor’s deepwater port. 
As you know, the Canaveral Port Au-
thority is, in fact, an independent gov-ernmental agency established by the Florida Legislature back in 1939. Therefore, the Canaveral Port Author-ity is a public organization. And under section 2667 of title 10, it could be de-termined by the Secretary of the Air Force that public interest would be served as a result of the enhanced use leave agreement that is being offered and that competitive procedures are not compatible with the public benefit served by this public interest. 
Thusly, it is in the public interest to 
deal with a public entity. The competi-tive procedures for selection of leases under this section should allow the Air Force to negotiate solely with the Ca-naveral Port Authority. 
b2115 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I fully agree 
that section 2667 of title 10 provides the Secretary of the Air Force the flexi-bility to enter into a lease with the Ca-naveral Port Authority. I further un-derstand that such lease would be at full market value. So along with the gentleman, I look forward to hearing from the Secretary of the Air Force as 
to her determination on this particular case. 
Mr. MICA. I thank the gentleman. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no speakers on my side, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the remainder of my time just to mention that in this en bloc package there are amendments from nine Republicans and eight Democrats. We have heard discussed over the last two en bloc packages a number of im-portant issues such as cybersecurity and about equipping and training our National Guard. Again, Members from both sides have contributed to this product. But to make their contribu-tions count, this bill is going to have to pass, and I hope that all the Mem-bers who offered these 17 amendments of this en bloc and the other packages will support the final passage not only of this en bloc package but the final of the entire bill. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the 
Chairman and Ranking Member of the Armed Services Committee for including the Lynch- Boustany Amendment in this en bloc amend-ment. 
This amendment would add the text of the 
bill, H.R. 995, the ‘‘Veterans Day Moment of Silence Act’’ to the NDAA. Last year, this lan-guage was incorporated into the House- passed FY 15 NDAA. Unfortunately, it was not included in the final Defense Authorization Conference Report. 
Mr. Chair, this amendment calls for the na-
tional observation of two minutes of silence 
every Veterans Day in honor of all our vet-erans, past and present. It sets a time where all Americans can pause, come together, and reflect on the service of generations of brave American men and women in uniform. 
Our nation is facing difficult challenges and 
we have strong disagreements over how to address them. However despite such dif-ferences, support for, and gratitude to, our vet-erans is something that we can all agree on. This silent tribute lets us set aside our dif-ferences, and come together as one nation, to say to our veterans that we appreciate every-thing they have done and sacrificed to keep us safe. 
I would like to thank my friend and col-
league, Mr. B
OUSTANY , for cosponsoring this 
amendment with me, and for being an original cosponsor of H.R. 995. 
Mr. Chair, again I thank the Chairman and 
Ranking Member of the Armed Services Com-mittee for their cooperation. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
Ranking Member for yielding me this time and for his leadership on so many national security and defense issues. I want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for 
supporting my efforts to bring this amendment to the floor for debate and making it part of this en bloc amendment. 
Mr. Chair, is amendment will maintain the 
current simplified acquisition threshold—or SAT—for a wide variety of items, including textiles, tents, tarpaulins, flags, clothing, ap-parel, footwear, head gear, a wide variety of cotton, wool, silk and synthetic yarns, and the list goes on. But most importantly, this amendment en-
sures that that small and medium-sized Amer-ican companies, with American workers, using American-made content will continue to have the opportunity to do business with the Pen-tagon and provide textiles, clothing, apparel and other such materials to our service men and women at good prices. 
In Dorchester, Massachusetts, AbilityOne 
provides employment opportunities for people who are blind or who have significant disabil-ities. They manufacture Berry-compliant items, including uniforms, chemical protective gar-ments, tents, tarpaulins, hats, caps and other clothing and textile items. This amendment protects their jobs and their relationship with the DOD. It means textile, footwear and ap-parel manufacturers in North Brookfield, Fall River and elsewhere in Massachusetts can continue to support our troops with their high quality products and materials. 
The current language in the NDAA would 
raise the SAT from $150,000 to $500,000. My amendment simply maintains the $150,000 threshold. Now the difference between $150 and $500,000 might not sound like much. But if that threshold had been raised in FY 2014, then 6,813 contracts totaling over $337 million in textile and clothing alone would have been exempt from the Berry amendment. This amendment keeps the Berry Amendment strong, and it keeps America strong. 
Mr. Chair, this amendment is a compromise. 
The original amendment that I submitted to the House Rules Committee would have also maintained the current SAT on food and on specialty metals, hand tools, measuring tools, and so forth. Chairman T
HORNBERRY did not 
support maintaining the current SAT on those items, and in the spirit of compromise we nar-rowed the scope of the amendment to textiles, clothing, apparel and related materials. I hope as the NDAA moves through the legislative process that the scope of my original amend-ment will be reinstated. 
This amendment is supported by a broad 
array of national textile and manufacturing or-ganizations, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment and the en bloc amend-ments in total. 
MAY14, 2015 . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : The under-
signed nine trade associations ask for your vote in support of McGovern Amendment #74 under the rule (see H. Res. 260). It will be in order during consideration of FY 2016 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act (H.R. 1735) today. 
Offered by Cong. Jim McGovern Amend-
ment #74 fixes a provision in Section 854 of H.R. 1735 that would seriously harm the U.S. textile, apparel, and footwear industry. 
As written, Section 854 would increase the 
Simplified Acquisition Procedure threshold (SAT) from $150,000 to $500,000. This change would exempt contracts up to $500,000 from compliance with both the Berry Amendment and the Kissell Amendment. 
An increase of this magnitude will cause 
significant strain on the U.S. textile, ap-parel, and footwear supply chain by reducing contracting opportunities for manufacturers, large and small, covered under the Berry Amendment. Analysis of DOD-funded con-tracts under the SAP attached as Addendum 1 on page 4. 
McGovern Amendment #74 solves this 
problem by lowering SAT back down to $150,000 for fiber, textile, apparel, footwear, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.143 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3204 May 14, 2015 
and other textile products covered by the 
Berry Amendment at 10 USC 2533a. 
With fierce competition for contracts, the 
Berry Amendment has spurred substantial innovation in the area of military textiles, apparel, and footwear by domestic manufac-turers. Weight-saving carbon fibers, bal-listic-resistant fabrics used in personal pro-tective equipment, fire resistant fabrics, medical fabrics, and collapsible fuel bladders are among the thousands of products devel-oped for the military that also have commer-cial applications. These innovations have helped America’s textile manufacturers stay at the forefront of technical textiles, en-hancing safety and boosting employment and exports. 
Substantial capital investment, including 
a $500 million ballistic-resistant fiber plant built in South Carolina within the last five years, illustrates the industry’s commitment to the technical fiber/fabric industrial base. Thanks to the U.S. government’s long-standing policy with respect to military pro-curement encompassed in the Berry Amend-ment, that plant had a ready-made market, an important factor in calculating the risk 
when deciding to make that investment. 
Also, it is important to note that some 
textiles used by the military do not have a commercial market. For national security reasons, DOD does not allow certain textile technologies to be exported. Classified dye-ing and finishing techniques used to reduce heat signatures or to create a secure envi-ronment for electronic communication are just two examples of U.S. investments made to develop military-specific textile products exclusively for DOD use. 
Congress enacted the Berry Amendment in 
1941 (USC, Title 10, Section 2533a) to ensure that a strong U.S. defense industrial base is always ready to meet the needs of the troops. It requires the Department of De-
fense (DOD) to procure certain products such as food, specialty metals, hand measuring tools, and textiles made with 100 percent U.S. content and labor. Since then, Congress has reaffirmed its support for the Berry Amendment by strengthening its provisions, recognizing that textiles and clothing are in-dispensable to our warfighter’s safety and ability to execute their missions. 
Understanding the need for periodic adjust-
ments in the SAP, Congress enacted Public Law 108–375 which allowed for inflation ad-justments to the SAP every five years. 
However, further increase in the SAT be-
yond what is currently proscribed by Public Law 108- 375 will seriously erode the U.S. tex-tile, apparel, and footwear industry’s ability to supply the defense industrial base, com-
promise U.S. investment in textile manufac-turing operations, put at risk highly skilled and good paying textile jobs, and inhibit the domestic industry’s competitive advantage in commercial markets. 
As the House works on this important leg-
islation, we urge that McGovern Amendment #74 be adopted so that the FY 2016 NDAA does not erode the important value that the Berry Amendment brings to the U.S. textile, apparel, and footwear industry and our warfighters. 
Again, please ensure that America con-
tinues to strength its domestic textile, clothing, and footwear supply chain. Vote for McGovern Amendment #74. 
Thank you for your consideration of our 
views. 
Sincerely, 
Auggie Tantillo, President, National 
Council of Textile Organizations; Gif-ford Del Grande, Chairman, Narrow Fabrics Institute; Juanita D. Duggan, President & CEO, American Apparel and Footwear Association; Sarah Y. 
Freidman, Executive Director, SEAMS, the National Association for the Sewn Products Industry; Marc Fleischaker, Rubber & Plastic Footwear Manufac-turers Association; Paul O’Day, Presi-dent, American Fiber Manufacturers Association; Bret Kelley, Chairman, United States Industrial Fabrics Insti-tute; Tom Dobbins, President, Amer-ican Composites Manufacturers Asso-ciation; Gary Adams, President/CEO, National Cotton Council. 
ANALYSIS OF DOD -FUNDED CONTRACTS UNDER  
THE SAP  
Below is an analysis of DOD-funded con-
tracts for FY 2014 from USASpending.gov with respect to Federal Supply Classification 83 (textiles, tents, flags, etc.) and Federal Supply Classification (FSC) 84 (clothing and individual equipment etc.) as pertaining to the Simplified Acquisition Procedure (SAP) threshold. 
The current SAP threshold is $150,000. Lan-
guage in the chairman’s FY 2016 NDAA mark in Section 844 proposes to raise that figure to $500,000. Contracts less than the threshold are not subject to the Berry Amendment’s domestic sourcing requirements. 
KEY POINTS  
Dollar amount exempted from Berry would 
almost double. 
Almost one dollar in five would be exempt 
from Berry. 
Almost 92 percent of contracts would be 
open to imports; hurts small businesses. 
If the threshold would have been $500,000 in 
FY 2014, 6,813 contracts would have been sub-ject to the SAP totaling $337,086,946; 
DOD-FUNDED PRIME CONTRACT AWARDS FOR FSC 83 & 84 IN FY 2014 
[Rounded to nearest million or percentage] 
Category $ in Millions % of Dol-
lars Contracts 
Awarded 
(Actual) % Contracts 
All ............................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 1,804 100 7,438 100 
More than $500k ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 1,467 81 625 8 
$150k to $500k ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 157 9 549 7 
Less than $150K ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 180 10 6,264 84 
APRIL 29, 2015 . 
Hon. M ACTHORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. A DAMSMITH, 
Ranking Member, Committee on Armed Services, 
House of Representatives Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY AND RANKING  
MEMBER SMITH: On behalf of the Warrior 
Protection and Readiness Coalition (WPRC), I write to express our concerns regarding a provision to raise the simplified acquisition threshold from the current level of $150,000 to $500,000. This substantial change would have an immediate negative impact on the domestic industrial base that comprises WPRC membership. 
The WPRC is an industry association of 
leading manufacturers and distributors of Berry Amendment-compliant protective gear, tactical equipment and clothing. Lead-ing American manufacturers and suppliers to the U.S. military represent an industrial base capability critical to national security delivering superior equipment, apparel, armor, and technology to the modem warfighter and peacekeeper. 
Section 844 of the FY2016 National Defense 
Authorization Act (NDAA) Chairman’s Mark would create a significant challenge and ir-reparable harm to WPRC member compa-nies. Increasing the simplified acquisition threshold to $500,000 would not only create unintended contracting confusion but also exempt contracts up to $500,000 from compli-
ance with the Berry Amendment. 
WPRC members are, in many cases, the 
final remaining domestic manufacturers of critical components for safety and survival products for our servicemen and women. Over the past five years, declining resources and commodity based procurement practices have jeopardized efforts to modernize and in-novate our industry. This proposal creates another unnecessary obstacle to our member companies and significantly limits the num-ber of fair and open competitions they can compete for. 
While we applaud your efforts to review 
significant defense acquisition reform, Sec-tion 844 creates unintended consequences for the domestic industrial base this effort was designed to assist. The Berry Amendment was adopted to promote the purchase of American-made goods and to sustain a warm industrial base ready to meet the immediate needs of the U.S. military. 
By removing the requirement for Berry 
Amendment-compliance for contracts under $500,000, the Committee is jeopardizing the future of the domestic military industrial base and inviting the introduction of low quality, inconsistent products to our Armed Forces. I respectfully request that the Com-mittee reconsider Section 844 and the true impact of this action on our member compa-nies. Thank you for your consideration and for 
your continued service on behalf of our mili-tary. 
D
AVID COSTELLO , 
Executive Director , 
Warrior Protection and Readiness Coalition. 
MAY12, 2015 . 
Hon. M ACTHORNBERRY , 
Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. A DAMSMITH, 
Ranking Member, House Armed Services Com-
mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY AND RANKING  
MEMBER SMITH: On behalf of the Alliance for 
American Manufacturing (AAM), I write to express our concerns with Section 854 of the House FY16 National Defense Authorization Act (H.R. 1735), which would increase the threshold for applicability of certain domes-tic content preferences applicable to Pen-tagon spending, including the Berry Amend-ment and the Specialty Metals Amendment. We strongly urge the removal of Section 854 from the NDAA. 
Section 854 would increase the Simplified 
Acquisition Procedure (SAP) threshold from $150,000 to $500,000, thus exempting a large number of contracts from compliance with domestic content preferences that ensure a strong supply chain of U.S. producers to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.067 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3205 May 14, 2015 
equip our military. Making this change will 
increase the Pentagon’s reliance on foreign nations for the goods needed to defend the American people and ensure mission readi-ness. Potential political or military conflicts with foreign supplier nations that have no duty to our national defense priorities can disrupt the timely delivery of goods needed to keep our service men and women safe at home and on the battlefield. 
A healthy U.S. manufacturing sector and a 
robust defense industrial base are essential to our national security. Preferences for the procurement of American-made goods by our military bolster the strength and long-term viability of countless companies whose mis-sion is to produce high-quality goods to de-fend the American people and our Soldiers. It is with great regard for our preparedness and national security that we urge the re-moval of Section 854 from the NDAA. 
Sincerely, 
S
COTT N. P AUL, 
President. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, thank you Chair-
man T HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S MITH 
for your leadership on national security and for accepting my amendment. 
Terrorism is an undeniable threat to our 
country’s security and global stability. Terrorist networks constantly develop new ways to fi-nance their deadly operations and threaten America. 
To keep our country safe, we must be one 
step ahead of them, cutting off their funding and stopping their efforts. 
The Islamic State (I–S) is one of the world’s 
most violent, dangerous and well financed ter-rorist groups. In 2014, ISIL generated approxi-mately $1 million per day, predominantly through the sale of smuggled oil. 
My amendment directs the Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury and other agencies involved in this effort, to pur-sue efforts to shut down ISIL’s oil revenues and report on resources needed for these ef-forts. 
As a member of the Task Force to Inves-
tigate Terrorism Financing, I’m working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep money out of the hands of terrorists and find solutions, like this amendment, that strengthen America’s security. 
Again, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and 
Ranking Member S MITH for your leadership 
and support. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 83 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 426, after line 6, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 1004. REPORT ON AUDITABLE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report ranking all mili-tary departments and Defense Agencies in 
order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include infor-mation otherwise available in other reports to Congress. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank you for the recognition. My amendment today reflects the frustra-tion that many in Congress have felt for some time over the Department of Defense’s lack of real progress on being able to produce a full accounting of where the money that has been given to them over the years has been spent. 
In 1990, Congress passed the Chief Fi-
nancial Officers Act requiring every de-partment and every agency in the Fed-eral Government to produce verifiable financial statements which could be fully audited. To date, each major agency has been able to complete this task except one—the Department of Defense—and Congress has allowed the Department of Defense to continue to not comply with this law for now going on 25 years. It is time for that to end. 
While the Department of Defense 
might claim it has taken steps toward completing an audit, purportedly to be accomplished by 2017, Congress has lit-tle verifiable proof that this will actu-ally occur. 
The amendment that I offer today 
with B
ARBARA LEEof California asks 
the Department of Defense to rank—in order from most ready to be audited to least ready to be audited—every entity within the Department which is re-quired to provide financial statements for the overall efforts of the depart-mentwide audit. Congress needs to know which offices within the Depart-ment of Defense are making significant strides toward this goal and which of-fices are not. 
The amendment requires no addi-
tional analysis, no additional expla-nation, simply a list. If Congress is se-rious about exercising its oversight role through the power of the purse, then this is the least we should expect the Department to provide to Congress, a pulse-check to show Members where the audit truly stands. 
Ms. L
EE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and I are 
not the only ones who have been con-cerned about the Pentagon’s lack of progress in this arena. In 2013, the Gov-ernment Accountability Office—Con-gress’ eyes and ears on the ground for keeping the Federal Government ac-countable—stated that it could not complete an audit of the entire Federal Government because the Department of Defense could not produce verifiable documents. The GAO stated at the time: ‘‘The main obstacles to a GAO opinion on the accrual-based consoli-dated financial statements were: seri-ous financial management problems at the Department of Defense that made 
its financial statements unauditable.’’ A GAO source was reported to have stated that the Pentagon routinely postponed meetings at the last minute with GAO pertaining to the audit. This is unacceptable, and the body should not accept it. 
Besides being necessary for the prop-
er separation of powers role that Con-gress continues to assert in overseeing how taxpayer money is spent, this amendment represents good govern-ance. It is for this reason that our amendment today is endorsed by the Americans for Tax Reform, Taxpayers for Common Sense, and the National Taxpayers Union. 
Mr. Chairman, Congress must stand 
up for taxpayers and tell the Pentagon that it must justify how it spends every dollar that it is given. Congress has been complacent for too long on this issue. With today’s vote perhaps that will end. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank 
Chairman T
HORNBERRY and his staff for 
working with my office on this. I look forward to working on this issue as the deadline approaches, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. LEE. I claim the time in opposi-
tion, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. LEE. First, let me thank Mr. 
B
URGESS for his very diligent and hard 
work on this amendment. It is a pleas-ure to work with the gentleman to bring transparency and accountability to Pentagon spending so taxpayers know where their hard-earned dollars are going. I also want to thank Con-gresswoman S
CHAKOWSKY for her sup-
port and work on this very important amendment. I am pleased to be work-ing with Congressman B
URGESS and 
Congresswoman S CHAKOWSKY to build 
upon the work that we are doing with our bipartisan Audit the Pentagon Act, H.R. 942. 
Mr. Chairman, I have offered an 
Audit the Pentagon amendment since 2011, and this work continues now with Representatives B
URGESS and S CHA-
KOWSKY . This is a commonsense amend-
ment to ensure audit-readiness at the Pentagon, something that Congress mandated I think it was 25 years ago; yet two-plus decades later, Pentagon officials continue to tell Congress that audit-readiness is still years away. This is simply unacceptable. 
So our amendment is simple. It 
would require a report ranking all military departments and Defense agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving audit-readiness. Tax-payers deserve to know how and where their hard-earned dollars are being spent. 
Pentagon spending accounts for more 
than half of Federal discretionary spending and totals more than half a trillion dollars. The fact that any part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.069 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3206 May 14, 2015 
of the government cannot pass an audit 
is unacceptable, let alone a department that spends more than $600 billion an-nually. That is, frankly, outrageous. I bet you the Department of Housing and Urban Development can’t get away with this. 
Now, I am a former small-business 
owner, 11 years, and I can tell you one thing. I know the importance of having one’s books in order. Whether it is in the private sector or the public sector, it is critical to success. In fact, we all demand that all individuals, families, organizations, and companies be able to pass an audit. Why in the world should the Pentagon be any different? 
Taxpayers deserve better than black- 
box budgeting and two decades of ‘‘we will get on with this’’ rhetoric, and they keep postponing and saying ‘‘we will get to it later.’’ That is unaccept-able when it comes to ending waste, fraud, and abuse. I remember several years ago there were reports from The New York Times, and subsequently these reports were substantiated, that taxpayer dollars—cash money—in suit-cases were being passed out in Afghani-stan. What in the world are we doing? We have no clue where that money went or how much it was. It was cash money. 
So we need to take this action, and I 
thank Mr. B
URGESS and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY for this. If you ask me, I think 
we need to take bolder actions to ad-dress the Pentagon’s failure to achieve audit-ready status and somehow at some point penalize them if they don’t do that because we all would be penal-ized if in fact our books were not in order. So this amendment, I just have to say, is a major step in the right di-rection. 
Mr. Chairman, the American people 
deserve to know how the Pentagon is spending their hard-earned tax dollars. We must end waste, fraud, and abuse at the Pentagon. We need to achieve audit-readiness. Once again, none of us could get away with this, none, no Fed-eral agency could get away with this. So we must begin this process for ac-countability and transparency. It is important that the public know ex-actly how their money is being spent. There is no way the Pentagon should get away with this. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ 
vote on this amendment because unauditable is unacceptable. I thank Mr. B
URGESS , and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I yield 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), 
the chairman of the full committee. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
support this amendment. I rise just to make two points. Number one, unfortu-nately, there are a lot of Federal agen-cies that can’t pass an audit, and I hope that all the other committees of 
the Congress are as diligent as our committee is about making sure they get their agencies to where they can. 
Our committee in particular, led by 
CPA Mr. C
ONAWAY of Texas, we have pushed this issue, held many oversight 
hearings, and will continue to push this issue. I think the gentleman’s amendment helps that effort. But I want to be really clear that this is a high priority of the committee, and it needs to be a high priority for the other departments besides the Depart-ment of Defense as well. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, at this 
point I am prepared to yield back, but I do want to thank the chairman of the full committee for hearing our amend-ment this evening. I also want to thank him for what I know is a signifi-cant amount of work and challenge to get this bill to the floor. 
Mr. Chairman, I look forward to its 
speedy passage tomorrow, and yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H. R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 28 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2135 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) at 9 o’clock 
and 35 minutes p.m. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NEVADA SENATOR 
HOWARD CANNON 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and legacy of Nevada Senator Howard Cannon. 
In 1982, I served as Senator Cannon’s 
faculty intern; and every day, in my district office, I have the privilege of sitting behind his personal desk, loaned to me by his daughter Nancy Downey. It serves as a constant reminder of his many heroic acts. From delivering paratroopers in the lead plane on D- 
Day to passionately advocating for Ne-vada’s interests on the Senate floor, Howard Cannon’s valor and courage are truly unmatched. 
This June, Nancy will travel to 
France to cut the ribbon on the new ex-tension of the D-Day Paratrooper His-torical Center, which features her fa-ther’s restored C–47, the ‘‘Stoy Hora,’’ among other artifacts from the inva-sion. It is a fitting tribute to Senator Cannon and the brave men and women who risked or lost their lives so we can live in a safer world today. 
The legacy of Howard Cannon cannot 
be summed up in 1 minute, Mr. Speak-er, so I will now submit for the R
ECORD  
an article from the Las Vegas Review- Journal, titled: ‘‘Humble’’ Air Warrior Had Crucial D-Day Job: France to honor late Sen. Cannon. 
[From the Las Vegas Review Journal: May 
12, 2015] 
‘‘HUMBLE ’’ AIRWARRIOR HADCRUCIAL D-D AY 
JOB, FRANCE TOHONOR LATESEN. CANNON , 
OTHERS FOR WWII R OLES 
(By Keith Rogers) 
Among the accomplishments of Nevada’s 
late-Sen. Howard Cannon, from his 33-year political career to his Air Force Reserve service as a major general, his biggest achievement arguably was his role in deliv-ering paratroopers in the lead plane during the June 6, 1944, D-Day invasion of Nor-mandy, France. 
With mental toughness and steady hands, 
then-Maj. Cannon, co-pilot of the C–47 Skytrain ‘‘Stoy Hora,’’ and pilot Col. Frank Krebs, commander of the 440th Troop Carrier Group, spearheaded the assault to free France from the grip of Nazi Germany’s forces. 
Had their plane and others in the 45-ship 
formation not made it to the drop zone near St. Mere Eglise, the soldiers of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment might never have been able to provide the cover and dis-traction for the massive troop landings on the Normandy coast that marked a turning point in World War II. 
For that, the grand opening of the exten-
sion at the D-Day Paratroopers Historical Center featuring the restored C–47 ‘‘Stoy Hora,’’ the pilot’s log book and other arti-facts will be held June 12 in Normandy’s Saint-Come-du-Mont. A flight simulator with special effects will treat visitors to a simulated 7-minute flight inside the aircraft. 
Cannon’s daughter, Nancy Downey of 
Genoa, and Krebs’ daughter, Christine Goyer, will cut the ribbon with Ethan Wolverton, great-grandson of Lt. Col. Robert Wolverton, commander of the 3rd Battalion’s stick of paratroopers, who was killed by Ger-many machinegun fire while he dangled in his harness after his parachute caught on a tree. 
‘‘In our region, we feel that the pilots and 
crews have not been significantly recognized for their action on D-Day, and we are at-tempting to not forget them in our museum extension,’’ event coordinator Michel de Trez wrote in Downey’s invitation. ‘‘It is also our way to honor those who fought and died on the sector where we are located.’’ 
In a telephone interview from Minden last 
week, Downey said she is looking forward to seeing the C–47 her father flew 71 years ago. 
‘‘I think it’s a great honor to be a pilot of 
something that’s living history, to be a me-morial to people like my dad who risked their lives and lost lives to help, not only France, but the world be a safer place,’’ she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.147 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3207 May 14, 2015 
said, reflecting on her famous father, who 
died in 2002 at age 90. 
‘‘He was very humble and unassuming. He’s 
been a tremendous inspiration to me my whole life,’’ she said. 
Clark County, too, has assembled some of 
Cannon’s photographs and memorabilia for its Cannon Aviation Museum. 
‘‘Had we not had the paratroopers, it was 
highly likely the invasion would not have been successful,’’ said Mark Hall-Patton, ad-ministrator of the Clark County Museum on Boulder Highway in Henderson. 
‘‘And to have somebody who later was the 
local DA and Nevada senator who was co- pilot of the lead plane is huge,’’ he said. 
‘‘He was the one who, among other things, 
deregulated the airlines and played a key role in passage of the Civil Rights Act. He was a Democrat who was able to bring the Republicans in and get that passed for (President Lyndon B.) Johnson,’’ Hall-Pat-ton said. 
After his death in 2002, a Review-Journal 
editorial recognized his political savvy. ‘‘The senator would never tell what deal President Lyndon Johnson offered him for his role in ending the Southern filibuster which would otherwise have prevented the Civil Rights Act from coming to a vote in 1964.’’ 
Cannon served 24 years as one of Nevada’s 
U.S. senators, from 1959 to 1983. As a member of the Armed Services and Commerce, Science and Transportation committees and chairman of the Tactical Air Power, Military Construction and Stockpiles subcommittees, he helped secure funding and upgrades for Nellis Air Force Base. 
Born in St. George, Utah, in 1912, he be-
came intrigued by the budding aviation in-dustry while attending Dixie Junior College in the 1930s. 
‘‘I admit I was more than just a little im-
pressed by the glamour of flying in those days,’’ he said in an interview for the Decem-ber 1971 edition of Air Line Pilot magazine. ‘‘Lindbergh had recently made his epic ocean-crossing flight, and that added to the pilot mystique that dominated that era.’’ 
As a second lieutenant in the Utah Na-
tional Guard, he was called to active duty in 1941 and promoted to first lieutenant in charge of a combat engineers unit. He was assigned to the 40th Division in San Luis Obispo, Calif., when Japanese warplanes at-tacked Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941. Respond-ing to the need for experienced pilots, he joined the Army Air Corps and graduated from light aircraft and glider school in New Mexico as a captain. 
In his biography that Downey helped him 
write, Cannon described the historic D-Day flight. ‘‘Anti-aircraft fire at us as we passed the Channel Islands but we were too low and out of range from them ....  A s  w e  a p -
proached the target, we let down through the stuff and broke out at 700 feet over the green fields of France.’’ 
He saw one of the U.S. planes explode as 
his C–47 powered toward the drop zone. ‘‘Many positions firing tracers,’’ he wrote. ‘‘Many of them had me flinching. Over tar-get—green light—there go the troops. Time 0140 (1:40 a.m.) 6 June 1944.’’ 
His awards and decorations included a Pur-
ple Heart, a Distinguished Flying Cross, a presidential citation, and the French Croix de Guerre. 
On Sept. 17, 1944, Cannon and Krebs were 
again flying paratroopers behind enemy lines. This time it was for the allied invasion of the Netherlands for Operation Market Garden. After they had dropped the troops, their plane was hit by anti-aircraft flak, forcing them to bail out. What followed was a 42-day odyssey during which they evaded their captors with the help of Dutch civil-ians. ‘‘When I parachuted into Holland, I felt I 
was nothing—someone small and unimpor-tant—a speck in the universe leaving a dis-abled plane,’’ he told Air Line Pilot maga-zine. ‘‘When I left Holland, I sensed I had ac-complished far more than our original mis-sion. I had learned from the ‘defeated’ the true meaning of freedom and how we must never give up fighting for it.’’ 
f 
AMTRAK 
(Ms. BROWN of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
as a member for 22 years on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and supporter of rail, my heart goes out to the families and indi-viduals who suffered in the wake of the Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia. 
The Republican leadership in Wash-
ington continues its long-term failure to adequately fund transportation in-frastructure in this country, and starv-ing Amtrak from the funds that it truly needs to operate a national sys-tem is one example of the failure of this House. It is sad that the Repub-licans, on the day that seven or eight people died and 200 were injured, voted to cut funding for Amtrak. 
It is a shame that in the people’s 
House—the people’s House—that the people who represent the people are stuck on stupid. We need a comprehen-sive transportation system, and we need to stop starving Amtrak. 
It is amazing that this House voted 
the day of the accident to cut Amtrak. It is unacceptable. This is the people’s House, and the people should be in charge. To whom God has given much, much is expected, and they expect more from the people’s House than what happened yesterday in this House of Representatives. 
[From the New York Times, May 13, 2015] 
AMTRAK CRASH AND AMERICA ’SDECLINING  
CONSTRUCTION SPENDING  
(By David Leonhardt) 
Investigators into the Amtrak crash in 
Philadelphia are focusing on excess speed, but there is a related issue: the overall con-dition of Amtrak and the nation’s infrastruc-ture. One of the reasons that American trains should not travel 100 miles an hour in many places is that the state of our rail sys-tem—like the state of our bridges, highways and airports—is not good. 
Many airports here look dilapidated rel-
ative to those in Asia and Europe. Roads are choked with traffic. The fastest train from Boston to Washington takes about six and a half hours. The fastest train from Paris to Marseille—a slightly longer distance—takes just over three hours. 
The train that derailed on Tuesday was 
thought to be traveling at least 100 miles an hour—twice the speed limit on that section of track. That is about half the French train’s average speed on the trip from Paris to Marseille. (Reuters has also reported that the section of the track where the crash oc-curred lacked advanced braking technology designed to prevent derailments.) 
Much of the problem of crumbling infra-
structure has existed for years. There is, however, a new development that has made things worse. The combined money that fed-
eral, state and local governments spend on construction has dropped significantly, rel-ative to the size of the economy, in the last five years. And only part of the decline stems from the end of the stimulus program, which temporarily lifted infrastructure spending. 
Such spending now represents about 1.5 
percent of total economic activity, down from about 1.8 percent on average from 1993 through 2008. It’s at its lowest level in at least 22 years. (A hat-tip to Joe Weisenthal, of Business Insider, who calculated this sta-tistic in 2013, after the collapse of a bridge near Seattle.) 
Lawrence Summers, the former Treasury 
secretary and Harvard president, sent an email to us today making an argument simi-lar to Mr. Weisenthal’s. More infrastructure spending would both make accidents less likely and bring economic benefits. 
‘‘Projections for the first half of this year 
now almost universally suggest the U.S. economy will have grown at an annual rate of well under 1 percent,’’ Mr. Summers wrote. ‘‘If this isn’t stagnation, I wonder what would be.’’ 
He added: ‘‘A major infrastructure invest-
ment program would reduce long-run de-ferred maintenance liabilities, raise demand and G.D.P., put construction workers back to work and raise investment. Interest rates may not always be as low as they are now, so it’s high time to get started.’’ 
Other Democrats have begun making simi-
lar arguments today. Many congressional Republicans have historically supported in-frastructure spending as well, but have been more reluctant recently. 
The Upshot provides news, analysis and 
graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our weekly newsletter. 
[From the New York Times, May 13, 2015] 
O
NEDAYAFTER WRECK , INCREASED FUNDING  
FORAMTRAK FAILS IN A HOUSE PANEL  
(By Michael D. Shear and Jad Mouawad) 
WASHINGTON .—The bodies had not yet been 
fully recovered from the Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia before Capitol Hill erupted hours later into its usual partisan clash over how much money to spend on the long-strug-gling national rail service. 
As investigators picked through the rubble 
on Wednesday morning, Democratic law-makers in Washington angrily demanded an increase in Amtrak funding, calling Tuesday night’s accident a result of congressional failure to support the rail system. Repub-licans refused, defeating the request in a morning committee hearing and accusing Democrats of using a tragedy for political reasons. 
‘‘It was beneath you,’’ Representative 
Mike Simpson, Republican of Idaho, snapped at a Democratic colleague after the funding increase was defeated in a 30-to-21 vote. 
The scene in the hearing room was a replay 
of the swirling politics that have threatened to consume Amtrak in the four decades since it was nationalized by the United States gov-ernment. Like the rest of the country’s crumbling public infrastructure, its aging rail beds and decades-old trains are sagging under increased use, especially in the North-east, where nearly three-quarters of all trav-el takes place on the trains, not on planes. 
And the immediate political rancor fore-
shadowed another fight to come soon: wheth-er Congress will delay a mandate to install equipment that would have automatically reduced the speed of Northeast Regional train No. 188. The deadline for installing the system, called positive train control, is the end of 2015, but Congress is considering ex-tending the deadline to 2020 at the urging of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.063 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3208 May 14, 2015 
freight, and passenger rail systems that say 
the costs could rise to $10 billion. 
Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of 
Connecticut, said in a statement on Wednes-day that delaying the technology ‘‘only leads to preventable and predictable tragedy.’’ 
Investigators said they were examining the 
speed of the derailed Amtrak train, which they said was going 106 miles an hour on a stretch of track where the speed limit was half that. But they said no firm conclusion had been reached on what caused the derail-ment. 
Edward G. Rendell, the Democratic former 
governor of Pennsylvania, lashed out at Re-publican lawmakers on Wednesday for refus-ing to increase Amtrak funding. He said the requested increase of $251 million over the Republican budget of $1.14 billion could sig-nificantly improve safety by upgrading tracks and installing positive train control systems in the busiest part of the system. ‘‘It is absolutely stunning to me,’’ Mr. Rendell said of the funding vote. ‘‘It shows that ideology trumps reality, and it shows that cowardice reigns in Washington. The callousness and disregard was shockingly contemporaneous.’’ 
Representative Steve Israel, Democrat of 
New York, also criticized his Republican col-leagues, saying they should have used the aftermath of the Amtrak accident ‘‘as an op-portunity to do the right thing, instead of sticking to their ideology.’’ 
The Northeast Corridor is the nation’s 
busiest rail corridor and accounts for more than a third of Amtrak’s ridership. It is also the most profitable part of its national net-work. But some bridges, like the Portal Bridge near New York, for instance, are more than a century old and in desperate need of replacement. Trains come to a crawl when they travel through Baltimore’s 100- year-old tunnel. Some parts of the tracks still have wooden ties. 
Meanwhile, the Acela—Amtrak’s high- 
speed train that runs between Washington and Boston—can reach its top speed only in a handful of places. On a 30-mile stretch near Cranston, R.I., for example, the Acela speeds up to 150 m.p.h. About five minutes later, it needs to slow down. 
‘‘These trains have to be thought of as a 
national asset,’’ said Rosabeth Moss Kanter, a professor at the Harvard Business School. ‘‘Amtrak is a political whipping boy for Con-gress. But how much is it going to take to wake up Congress that this stuff has to be in-vested in? It is aging, it is not properly maintained.’’ 
Amtrak has its passionate supporters, in-
cluding Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., who often joins many lawmakers who race to Union Station for a quick trip home. But the rail system also has many detractors, who say its annual losses are a drain on the pub-lic treasury. Many argue that privatization of the rail lines would improve service, cut costs and create innovation that could rival the gleaming train systems in Japan, China and across Europe. 
Representative John L. Mica, Republican 
of Florida, is pushing a plan to privatize the improvement of Amtrak’s system in the Northeast region. He said that the rail sys-tem needed money for improvements, but that lawmakers did not trust Amtrak to spend it well. 
‘‘What they own is poorly maintained and 
outdated infrastructure,’’ Mr. Mica said. But he added, ‘‘They don’t have the trust of Con-gress to get substantial money because they’ve not spent the money well that they’ve gotten.’’ 
‘‘When you give them money, they squan-
der it,’’ he said. 
In the meantime, however, Amtrak’s fund-
ing is failing to catch up to its ridership, which peaked at 32 million last year, up 
nearly 50 percent since 2000. In 2014, its latest fiscal year, Amtrak lost $1 billion with rev-enue of $3.2 billion. 
‘‘Amtrak has really suffered from congres-
sional schizophrenia over funding levels,’’ said Ray LaHood, the Republican former member of Congress who served as President Obama’s first secretary of transportation. 
Mr. LaHood said much of the blame rested 
with lawmakers who came to Washington from states where Amtrak does not run. ‘‘They think Amtrak is just the easy place to cut,’’ he said, adding that he had little op-timism that anything would change without pressure from voters during election time. 
‘‘All Americans should be concerned that 
there is no vision,’’ Mr. LaHood said. ‘‘There is no plan. There is no courage for taking up what needs to be done in terms of fully fund-ing infrastructure. We are limping along.’’ 
Since the passage of the Rail Passenger 
Service Act of 1970, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, as Amtrak is offi-cially called, is the only provider of national passenger rail service in the country. 
Successive Amtrak chief executives—there 
have been six since 2002—contend with a dual mandate: to provide a public service while also trying to make money, which has proved an impossible task, Ms. Kanter said. Her latest book, ‘‘Move: Putting America’s Infrastructure Back in the Lead,’’ addresses the importance of investing in transpor-tation infrastructure. 
‘‘We have to do something big instead of 
just repairing. We need to repair, of course, but we have to reinvent, too, because the whole model is broken,’’ she said. ‘‘We don’t want to be stuck with the same crummy, shabby system after we fix Philadelphia. We have to do something more, and better.’’ 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
until 10 p.m. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has 
been quite an eventful week. We have taken up many things, and I couldn’t be more proud of my friend from Texas, Chairman T
HORNBERRY . 
He has done tremendous work on the 
National Defense Authorization and is to be applauded for trying to prevent the military from being weakened fur-ther than the sequester has already made it. 
One of the bills that we took up and 
passed today was the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and I am anal enough I will get these bills and read them, so that is what I did. 
Amazingly, the first paragraph—of 
course, this bill came to us from the Senate as the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and many of us had con-cerns about it, but I didn’t realize that the actual title of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act was—and this is the opening paragraph of the bill: 
Resolved, That the bill from the House of 
Representatives, H.R. 1191, entitled ‘‘An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act,’’ do pass with the fol-lowing. That is what it is. It is an IRS bill to 
adjust the Affordable Care Act, and it is hard for me to use those words ‘‘Af-fordable Care Act’’ because it is any-thing but affordable. It has cost people their insurance, their doctors, their health, their health insurance. It is laughable to call it affordable. 
Nonetheless, this is a bill to attempt 
to amend the Affordable Care Act; and, Mr. Speaker, you might wonder, wait a minute, I thought you said this was the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act— well, exactly. It is an IRS bill to fix this exception for emergency services volunteers that they not be considered under the Affordable Care Act. 
Then we go to the Senate bill. This is 
like the Affordable Care Act because they take a House bill that is intended for one purpose, delete, beginning with line 1, page 1, delete everything in it, and then make it the Iran Nuclear Re-view Act—talk about democracy in ac-tion, really impressive. They strip out everything to do with making the ObamaCare bill better and, instead, re-place it with the Iran Nuclear Review Act. 
There were a few dozen of us that had 
major concerns about it. First of all, we had already heard that this bill was going to turn the Constitution upside down. The constitutional requirements for a treaty—what is a treaty? It is an agreement between one country and another. The President has authority to negotiate those agreements. 
Then, under the Constitution, if we 
still care about the Constitution, then that treaty has to go before the Senate and get two-thirds of the votes of the Senators; otherwise, that treaty means nothing, and it is not binding. 
It doesn’t matter what the President 
or the executive branch or the Sec-retary of State call that agreement, that treaty; it is a treaty between one country and another. For purposes of the Constitution, it should go before the Senate for ratification. 
But Congress has gotten so used to 
this President just ignoring it, so used to the Justice Department saying: We don’t care what you are requesting. We are not going to give you any of those documents or any of the information. 
We have gotten so used to that, we 
said, okay, we will pass a bill that will force the administration to let Con-gress know what is going on, even though we are going to flip the Con-stitution upside down and go from re-quiring, as the Constitution does, a vote of 67 Senators in order to ratify a treaty, or agreement, with a foreign country, and we are going to go with requiring 67 Senators to vote it down, completely reversing the constitu-tional requirement, but we will make it better because we will add a require-ment that the House has to have two- thirds vote, get 290 votes, to vote it down, but at least this way, Congress gets to be a player and gets to know what is going on. 
What is it that is in this bill that will 
teach the executive branch a lesson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.065 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3209 May 14, 2015 
about why you don’t mess with Con-
gress? It is in here, and it is actually at page 8. It is entitled—number 5, on page 8—‘‘Limitation on actions during congressional reconsideration of a joint resolution of disapproval.’’ 
So here we are, the President sup-
posedly under this bill will send the agreement that he wants Congress to see, kind of like the trade act that they classified and we hadn’t gotten all of it, but we are going to vote on it any-way, it makes no sense; but for those of us that are anal enough to want to read these things before we pass them, this has got to have enough teeth that it will teach the President a lesson if he dares to betray us and not give us what we need in order to make a proper de-termination. 
The structure is both the House and 
Senate under this bill, this Affordable Care Act bill—now Iran Nuclear Re-view Act—we get the chance to strike that down if we can come up with two- thirds votes in both the House and the Senate. 
What happens, what is the meat, 
what is the real teeth in this bill that will teach the President and the entire State Department a lesson if they mess with us and we vote in the House and the Senate two-thirds to disapprove it? 
Well, here it is. If a joint resolution 
of disapproval passes both Houses of Congress and the President vetoes such joint resolution—wow, people forgot that even though we are going to give ourselves the opportunity to vote with two-thirds to strike it down, if he ve-toes that, here is the real punishing as-pect for the President who many of us believe has been violating the law by loosening sanctions that were put in place by Congress. 
You are not supposed to be able to 
change the law unilaterally when Con-gress and another President has passed and signed law into being, but the sanctions are there, duly passed, signed into law. 
Well, this says, here it is, this will 
teach him a lesson. If the disapproval passes both Houses of Congress and the President vetoes such joint resolu-tion—here it is, ‘‘the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide re-lief from, or otherwise limit the appli-cation of statutory sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a)’’—here it is— for a period of 10 days. 
If the President has been violating 
the law, as some of us believe, by lift-ing sanctions that he doesn’t have au-thority to lift and we come along and the House and Senate disapprove the treaty with Iran and he vetoes that treaty—here is the lesson—he can’t il-legally lift sanctions against Iran for 10 whole days—10 calendar days. It says 10 calendar days. 
b2145 
Man, that is going to teach him a les-
son. This is a powerful bill that will teach the President that you don’t 
mess with Congress. If you loosen the sanctions that the law put in place, why, we will pass another bill that says you can’t do it for 10 whole days, and that is what we did here. 
Now, on page 9, we have got ‘‘the ef-
fect of congressional action with re-spect to nuclear agreements with Iran.’’ It is a sense of Congress. 
B says: ‘‘It is a sense of Congress that 
these negotiations are a critically im-portant matter of national security and foreign policy for the United States and its closest allies.’’ 
Then C: ‘‘This section does not re-
quire a vote by Congress for the agree-ment to commence.’’ That is helpful. 
Anyway, that ‘‘these negotiations are 
a critically important matter of na-tional security and foreign policy for the United States and its closest al-lies’’ is interesting. I don’t really agree with that because the way I see this agreement, Mr. Speaker, is it has been drug out for months and, apparently, for years. I know friends at Judicial Watch have tried to get what are sup-posed to be public documents—those are the travel logs for Valerie Jarrett— so we can find out when she first start-ed flying over to Iran to start negotia-tions and open up the dialogue with Iran. It would be nice to know. 
Most of us on both sides of the aisle 
staunchly agree that Israel is a very dear friend and ally. What this negotia-tion has meant is that—and Israel un-derstands this—if President Obama and John Kerry and Wendy Sherman, who is the lady who gave North Korea nukes, are negotiating with Iran and are telling the world, ‘‘Oh, we have got a deal. We are nearly at a deal. We have almost got one worked out’’ and Iran is saying, ‘‘We have got no deal. We haven’t agreed to any of that. That is not true,’’ then it doesn’t matter what Iran is saying. If the United States’ leaders are saying, ‘‘We are get-ting close to a deal, and we have al-most got a deal,’’ if Israel does the right thing by Israel and attacks Iran’s nuclear capability and takes it out as best they can without our best bunker buster and without our best planes to deliver it—they would probably need two or three sorties to take out four— if they actually do the self-defense process of hitting Iran, then this ad-ministration would be able to unite the world against Israel—call them war-mongers, call them all kinds of things—because, ‘‘Oh, gee, we almost had a deal with Iran. Yes, they have been dragging this out for 2 years or so, but we nearly had a deal. Oh, don’t pay any attention to Iran’s saying we didn’t have a deal. We were so close to having a deal. Therefore, Israel is a bunch of warmongers. Therefore, the whole world and the U.N. should punish them.’’ 
That is what Israel, I believe, under-
stands that this deal means regardless of whether a deal is ever reached, and I wouldn’t put it past this administra-tion to agree to keep dragging it out and dragging it out for the rest of this 
President’s administration. It is, cer-tainly, in Iran’s interests because they are continuing to enrich uranium, and nothing has slowed them down. As we know now, they are not even letting anybody at the IAEA examine all of their facilities. Forget the openness that this administration says they are going to get. 
I think the bottom line of this bill 
that we passed today and that the Sen-ate passed also is that we are going to ignore the President’s and the execu-tive branch’s illegal actions in lifting the sanctions they are not entitled to lift if he will be kind enough to allow Congress to think about the sanctions some more and if he will give us infor-
mation on how things are going in Iran. I mean, there is a requirement here for 30 days within which they have got to give us notice unless they think that is not enough time, and then they would give us 60-days notice. They have to give us a semiannual report. Every 6 months, we will find out what is going on. 
The thing that concerns me, of 
course—one of many things—is that I have been asking for the documents that the Justice Department gave to people who were convicted of sup-porting terrorism in the Holy Land Foundation trial. The conviction oc-curred in November 2008. As part of the discovery in that prosecution, they were given massive numbers of docu-ments from the FBI and from the Jus-tice Department that they had ob-tained about radical Islam here in the United States. They gave it to the con-victed terrorists. We now know they are convicted of supporting terrorism, and they got all of those documents. 
When Eric Holder tells me in a hear-
ing, basically, that there may be some classification issues, you gave them to terrorists, for heaven’s sake. Don’t you think you can afford to give them to Members of Congress so we can see what the evidence was that you had? For heaven’s sake. They have not given us the information on that. They have obfuscated about the Fast and Furious evidence. They have covered up evi-dence in the administration about the IRS conspiracy to prevent conservative groups from raising money like the lib-eral groups were so that the Repub-licans would have a better chance in the 2012 election. 
Now, this bill says we haven’t been 
able to trust them on any of these other things, but we are going to trust them on this. We are going to trust Iran to let us have a full review of ev-erything they are doing even though they have never done that before, and we are going to trust this administra-tion for the first time in 6
1⁄2years to 
start giving us full information about what is going on. Some might think that is a little foolhardy, and I would be one of those. 
Here at the bottom of page 17: ‘‘If the 
President, in his own determination, decides he is able to make the certifi-cation required,’’ then he will do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.151 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3210 May 14, 2015 
Nice. Real nice. 
Page 18 is another sense of Congress: 
‘‘The United States sanctions on Iran for terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missiles will remain in place’’ under an agreement. 
Of course, that is unless the Presi-
dent wants to ignore this like he has been ignoring the sanctions already; but you can’t forget that language on page 8. By golly, if he vetoes a bill, dis-approving and if he can’t lift sanctions, he has got to quit doing that illegal stuff for 10 full days. 
Now, it does say at the bottom of 
page 18: ‘‘The President should deter-mine the agreement in no way com-promises the commitment of the United States to Israel’s security.’’ It says he ‘‘should’’ do that, but it doesn’t say he ‘‘shall’’ or he ‘‘must.’’ 
The good news is on page 19: Expe-
dited Consideration of Legislation. ‘‘In the event,’’ as it says here, ‘‘the Presi-dent does not submit a certification with all of the information that is re-quired,’’ like he has ignored on lots of other things we have requested or at least the executive branch has, then we are going to introduce legislation—it says right here—‘‘within 60 calendar days’’ of his not following the law. 
It is going to go quickly to the House 
floor and the Senate floor. That is on page 21. We are going to get it to the floor quickly. 
Page 22: ‘‘Qualifying legislation shall 
be considered as read.’’ 
So we are going to get here quickly, 
and we are going to waive points of order against whatever legislation it might be. It may be that, if we really get our spines stiffened and we pass legislation that extends that 10-day pe-riod where he can’t lift sanctions like he has been doing, maybe we will ex-tend that to 20 days and really show him that he can’t mess with Congress. 
Yes, for the liberals who might some-
day read the transcript of this, Mr. Speaker, I am being sarcastic. Liberals have trouble understanding sarcasm sometimes, but this is a very, very deadly serious issue. 
Iran has shown they can’t be trusted 
about anything. The Ayatollah cannot be trusted. For heaven’s sake, Jimmy Carter decided the other Ayatollah— the first Ayatollah Khomeini—was a man of peace. He welcomed him for the first time in a century or so—well, not quite a century—to let a radical Islamist take over a country’s mili-tary, and as a result, Americans have died in the last 35 years, 36 years, and I am afraid more will. 
It is ridiculous to play footsie with 
Iran. They only know one thing, and that is power. I read the statements by one of the Iranian military leaders who said they welcome war with America, and it clicked. I remember somebody in the Saddam Hussein regime saying the same thing and that, if we tried to do anything, it would be the mother of all wars. It was amazing because we moved faster and further than any military has ever moved in the history of the world. Mistakes were made, absolutely, 
but the American military could put Iran in its place very quickly—and should—before they get nuclear weap-ons and hundreds or thousands or mil-lions of people die. 
There is one thing I want to mention, 
Mr. Speaker, before time runs out. We took up this week the USA FREEDOM Act. Actually, there are some very good things in here. Again, I just felt I have to read the bill. Sorry if that bothers some of my friends. 
For example, one of the things that 
was heralded as a great accomplish-ment, we found out from Snowden that the FISA courts had just not really issued constitutional orders or war-rants—no specificity—just an order saying, for example: Verizon, give the government every record on every call-er you have in your records. Give it all to the government. 
I would submit that is unconstitu-
tional, and when we found out the FISA court did it, it was outrageous to me. That is not probable caution. That is not specificity. There are all kinds of problems there, and this bill was going to try to address that. 
On page 35, one of the things that was 
heralded was—and it is a good idea—to create amicus curiae, which is a group of lawyers who will represent those people who have records that are being sought even though those people don’t know that their records are being sought. 
It says in title IV, section 401, that 
the judges shall designate not fewer than five individuals to be eligible to serve as amicus curiae—or friends of the court—to represent those interests. 
The trouble is—it says down here at 
the bottom of page 35—that the court shall appoint these lawyers and indi-viduals who serve as amicus curiae to assist in any application if, in the opin-ion of the court, the government is pre-senting a novel or a significant inter-pretation of the law. 
That means they are not going to be 
there to protect the civil rights of peo-ple whose records are being obtained, as they were under the FISA orders previously, unconstitutionally, because the court can just decide, no, this is not a novel interpretation, so we are not going to take it up. Then, even if it is a novel or a significant interpreta-tion, it says: ‘‘unless the court issues a written finding that such appropriation is not appropriate.’’ 
If you just look over at page 40, it 
tells you the government can discuss on an ex parte basis—that is without the other side’s being present—to the court. So they can tell the court we don’t want the amicus curiae here on this issue. That is just one of so many major, major loopholes. 
We found out in the summer of 2007 
there were perhaps 3,000 cases with the national security letters—the IG deter-mined this—where FBI agents just sent out national security letters, demand-ing records. There was no case; there was no probable cause; and it was a crime if the people from whom the 
records were sought revealed that to friends. 
We thought that would be tightened 
up a little bit. It still says in here that the only people who can authorize what basically is a warrant is the FBI Director himself or herself, or he can designate his deputy, but nobody lower than that other than any special agent in charge anywhere in the country, which was the problem that we ran into in 2007 with all of the abuses. 
There is still a lot of reason not to 
feel comfortable that people’s rights are going to be protected in the FISA courts. I am not comfortable with the FISA courts anymore, but, Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate the time to point this out. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the 
request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 665. An act to encourage, enhance, and 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 112. An act to amend the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 10 o’clock p.m.), the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Friday, May 15, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1469. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Homeownership Counseling Organizations Lists and High-Cost Mortgage Counseling In-terpretive Rule (RIN: 3170-AA52) received April 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1470. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the report on the author-ization and construction of the Jacksonville Harbor Project in Duval County, Florida, for the purpose of deep draft navigation, pursu-ant to Public Law 113-121, Sec. 7002(1)8; (H. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.152 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3211 May 14, 2015 
Doc. No. 114—37); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. Supple-mental report on H.R. 1806. A bill to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competi-tiveness of the United States, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–107, Pt. 2). 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 880. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit; with an amendment (Rept. 114–113). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1907. A bill to reau-thorize trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–114, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, and the Judiciary discharged from fur-ther consideration. H.R. 1907 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-
self, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
ROSS, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C HAFFETZ , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California): 
H.R. 2315. A bill to limit the authority of 
States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LABRADOR (for himself, Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mr. G OSAR ): 
H.R. 2316. A bill to generate dependable 
economic activity for counties and local gov-ernments containing National Forest Sys-tem land by establishing a demonstration program for local, sustainable forest man-agement, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. 
P
OCAN , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P OLIS, and 
Mr. K IND): 
H.R. 2317. A bill to amend the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to require a lifetime income disclosure; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
P
ASCRELL , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. 
DENT): 
H.R. 2318. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to enhance the COPS ON THE BEAT grant pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 2319. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to require preservation of cer-tain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a certification and reports relat-ing to Presidential records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. MULVANEY (for himself, Mrs. 
B
USTOS , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND ): 
H.R. 2320. A bill to provide access to and 
use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for 
himself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 2321. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide grants for innovative teacher retention programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S HUSTER , and 
Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H.R. 2322. A bill to reduce costs of Federal 
real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S ALM-
ON, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. K EATING , and 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina): 
H.R. 2323. A bill to enhance the missions, 
objectives, and effectiveness of United States international communications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 2324. A bill to provide for the convey-
ance of small parcels of National Forest Sys-tem land and small parcels of public lands administered by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to private landowners, State, county, and local governments, or Indian tribes whose lands share a boundary with the Na-tional Forest System land or public lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-
self and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 2325. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for a pharma-ceutical and technology ombudsman under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 2326. A bill to provide for oversight of, 
and place restrictions on, Federal programs that provide equipment to law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Home-land Security, and Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COSTA (for himself, Mr. C
OOK, 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. M ENG, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, and Mr. R UIZ): 
H.R. 2327. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national ceme-teries individuals who supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. 
W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York): 
H.R. 2328. A bill to amend the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act relating to lead-based paint renovation and remodeling activities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself and Mr. 
CICILLINE ): 
H.R. 2329. A bill to ensure appropriate judi-
cial review of Federal Government actions by amending the prohibition on the exercise of jurisdiction by the United States Court of Federal Claims of certain claims pending in other courts; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2330. A bill to establish the National 
Criminal Justice Commission; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, 
Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. F RANKS of Ar-
izona, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SESSIONS , and Mr. Y OHO): 
H.R. 2331. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-
trition Act of 2008 to prohibit the use of ben-efits to purchase marijuana products, to amend part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act to prohibit assistance provided under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families from being accessed through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card at any store that offers marijuana for sale, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 2332. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a trans-formational infrastructure competitive grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 2333. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2334. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require individuals to in-clude their social security numbers on the income tax return as a condition of claiming the refundable portion of the child tax cred-it, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14MY7.000 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3212 May 14, 2015 
By Mr. KEATING (for himself, Mr. 
ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. A DERHOLT , 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 2335. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to incentivize the development of abuse-deterrent drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 2336. A bill to amend chapter 111 of 
title 28, United States Code, relating to pro-tective orders, sealing of cases, disclosures of discovery information in civil actions, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2337. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize priority review for breakthrough devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2338. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the development and use of patient experi-ence data to enhance the structured risk- benefit assessment framework, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2339. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to clarify the treatment of lottery winnings and other lump sum in-come for purposes of income eligibility under the Medicaid program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2340. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Import and Export Act to remove regulatory barriers to the re-exportation of controlled substances among members of the European Economic Area; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Mr. 
R
EED, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OOPER , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, 
Mr. D OLD, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
GABBARD , and Mr. C OFFMAN ): 
H.R. 2341. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to provide that the President’s annual budget submission to Congress list the current fiscal year spending level for each proposed program and a separate amount for any proposed spending increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself and Ms. 
D
EGETTE ): 
H.R. 2342. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of physical therapists in the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2343. A bill to amend the Transpor-
tation Equity Act for the 21st Century to modify a high priority project in the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP: 
H.R. 2344. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the vocational rehabilitation programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 2345. A bill to extend the date after 
which interest earned on obligations held in the wildlife restoration fund may be avail-able for apportionment; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 2346. A bill to extend the authoriza-
tion of appropriations for allocation to carry out approved wetlands conservation projects under the North American Wetlands Con-servation Act through fiscal year 2020; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mrs. L
UMMIS , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. K USTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
DENT, Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. P RICE 
of North Carolina, Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K ILMER , 
Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. P AYNE , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E NGEL , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
MENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. H AHN, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. C ASTRO  
of Texas, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Miss R ICEof New York, 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. C APPS , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. H OYER , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. C LAY, Mr. B ECERRA , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. 
LOFGREN ): 
H.J. Res. 52. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself and Mr. 
C
OHEN ): 
H.J. Res. 53. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contributions and expenditures with respect to Federal elec-tions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BENISHEK (for himself, Mrs. 
L
AWRENCE , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. 
LEVIN, and Mr. T ROTT ): 
H. Con. Res. 45. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the occasion of the 300th anniver-sary of the establishment of Fort Michilimackinac on the Straits of Mackinac, and its importance to the people of Michigan and the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H. Con. Res. 46. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of the Congress that the National Institutes of Health should encour-age a global pediatric clinical trial network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. E
DWARDS , 
Mr. C LAY, and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H. Res. 262. A resolution supporting the 
practice of community-oriented policing and encouraging diversity hiring and retention in law enforcement; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. S
WALWELL  
of California, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. K USTER , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. F ARR, Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. D ELBENE, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H. Res. 263. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Energy and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14MY7.100 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3213 May 14, 2015 
Commerce, and Education and the Work-
force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 264. A resolution expressing support 
for Lunchtime Music on the Mall in the Na-tion’s capital to benefit the District of Co-lumbia and regional residents as well as visi-tors and honor the public service of the per-formers and partners; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: 
H.R. 2315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 
By Mr. LABRADOR: 
H.R. 2316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H.R. 2317. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2318. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 2319. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 2320. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2321. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution provides Congress with the author-ity to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper’’ to provide for the ‘‘gen-eral Welfare’’ of Americans. In the Depart-ment of Education Organization Act (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that ‘‘the establish-ment of a Department of Education is in the public interest, will promote the general welfare of the United States, will help ensure that education issues receive proper treat-
ment at the Fedral level, and will enable the Federal Government to coordinate its educatioon activities more effectively.’’ 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 2322. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress) and clause 17 (relating to authority over the district as the seat of government), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States). 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 2323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 2324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (re-lating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: 
H.R. 2325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 2326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce Clause Article I, section 8 
By Mr. COSTA: 
H.R. 2327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 2328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 2329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
legislation is based is found in article I, sec-tion 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause 1; and article III, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress author-ity over federal courts. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 2331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is constitutionally appro-
priate pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 (the Spending Clause). The Supreme Court, in South Dakota v. Dole (1987), rea-soned that conditions and limitations on funds were constitutional and within the power of Congress under the Spending Clause. Thus, conditioning receipt of federal funds in order to direct appropriate spending goals and purposes are constitutionally per-missible. As long as the spending is on ‘‘the general welfare’’ (i.e. national in scope) and the condition is clear, and related to the pro-gram being funded, the limitation is con-stitutional. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 2332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 2333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in Congress), and Article IV, sec-tion 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Con-gress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. KEATING: 
H.R. 2335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 2336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clauses 9 and 18 of section 8 of article I and 
section 1 of article III of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2340. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 2341. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2342. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14MY7.100 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3214 May 14, 2015 
the several States, and with the Indian 
Tribes. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2343. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution and 
Article 1, Section 9, clause 7 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP: 
H.R. 2344. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 2345. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 2346. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.J. Res. 52. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V—Amendment. The Congress, 
whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amend-ments to this Constitution, or, on the Appli-cation of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Pur-poses, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Ar-ticle; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. 
By Mr. YARMUTH: 
H.J. Res. 53. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 91: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. B AR-
TON, and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 140: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 221: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
MARINO , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 224: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 225: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
HASTINGS . 
H.R. 226: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 249: Ms. K USTER , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. 
BOUSTANY . 
H.R. 271: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OSS, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 313: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 343: Ms. K USTER and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 451: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. S AN-
FORD . 
H.R. 467: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 472: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 539: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia. 
H.R. 556: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 572: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 577: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 578: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 588: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 602: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. B ASS, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K INZINGER of Illi-
nois, and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 649: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 654: Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 662: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M OOLENAAR , and 
Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 667: Mr. B EYER and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 699: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 721: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F OSTER , and 
Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 746: Ms. E STY, Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 750: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 767: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 774: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 775: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 776: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 784: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 793: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 828: Mr. K IND, Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. 
GIBSON . 
H.R. 836: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B ABIN, and Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 845: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 910: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 920: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 927: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 942: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 986: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 999: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1002: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. 
Roby, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. B ABIN, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1069: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1133: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1174: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R US-
SELL, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B EATTY , and 
Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1185: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1202: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. J ONES , and 
Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1220: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
BABIN, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
and Mr. M CDERMOTT . H.R. 1247: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1266: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. K EATING , Mr. C APUANO , and 
Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
HECKof Washington, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1338: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. K ILMER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. H ECK of Wash-
ington, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. M IMES, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1369: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1371: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1375: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
H.R. 1378: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. 
PLASKETT . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, M. 
RIBBLE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida. 
H.R. 1415: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1434: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1439: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 1476: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1496: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1517: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1528: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 1546: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1555: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
KATKO . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 1587: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 1600: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. 
MATSUI , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1602: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1603: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1604: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1610: Ms. G RAHAM and Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. K IND, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1674: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1677: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1706: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1714: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1718: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. L UCAS , 
and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. S ARBANES and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1734: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
OLSON , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, 
Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1743: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1752: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 1763: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1773: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1779: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.041 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3215 May 14, 2015 
H.R. 1789: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 1818: Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 1832: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. W ELCH , and 
Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1834: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1846: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1853: Ms. F OXX, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. P ERRY , and 
Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1855: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Ms. T ITUS, 
and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1858: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1882: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 1919: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. J ONES , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1924: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. 
DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1932: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. F LORES , 
and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1943: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
SARBANES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
DOGGETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 1974: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1977: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1981: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 1992: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G UTHRIE , and 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2025: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2031: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
JONES , and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. J OYCE , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2100: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2114: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2126: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 2137: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 2138: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. L ONG, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2149: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. L OFGREN , and 
Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2186: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2189: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2192: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2193: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
SERRANO , and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2205: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 2215: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. B ISHOP  
of Utah. 
H.R. 2226: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
HASTINGS , and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 2233: Mr. A MASH , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. B UCK, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. 
YOHO. H.R. 2237: Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 2238: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 2240: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 2257: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2272: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2274: Mr. N EALand Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 2277: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2280: Mr. K INDand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2297: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. C OOK, Mr. D OLD, and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2298: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 2302: Ms. M OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. C UM-
MINGS . 
H.R. 2305: Mr. G OWDY . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.J. Res. 51: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
KILDEE , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, and Mr. B OST. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H. Res. 128: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H. Res. 193: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H. Res. 216: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H. Res. 228: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 246: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H. Res. 251: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 261: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , 
and Mr. S ERRANO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:29 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.031 H14MYPT1sspencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2897 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2015 No. 74 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, King of the universe, 
bestow upon our lawmakers under-standing to know You, diligence to seek You, wisdom to find You, and a faithfulness to embrace You. Today, help them to experience the constancy of Your presence. Lord, give them a courage which shows itself by gentleness and integrity. Provide them with a wisdom which shows itself by simplicity and unity. Impart to them a power which shows itself by humility and restraint. Guide them by Your higher wisdom and fill them with Your peace. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
was glad to see our Democratic friends accept our path forward on trade yes-terday. Under our plan, the Senate will avoid the poison pills that had been floated in favor of the very type of bi-partisan approach we have been advo-cating for all along. It follows the reg-ular order. It allows Senators to ex-
press themselves without endangering more American trade jobs for the peo-ple we represent. 
So this is good news. It is good news 
for bipartisanship. It is good news for a new Congress that is getting back to work. And it is good news for Amer-ica’s middle class. 
The people we represent deserve the 
kind of good jobs we could secure by knocking down unfair trade barriers. One estimate shows that trade agree-ments with Europe and the Pacific could support as many as 1.4 million additional jobs here in our country. In Kentucky, they can support more than 18,000 additional jobs. 
But we can’t get there without first 
passing the kind of legislation we will vote to open debate on this afternoon. It is the only way to enact clear stand-ards and guidelines that our trade ne-gotiators need to move forward, and that Congress needs to appropriately assert its authority in this area. 
So yesterday’s agreement is signifi-
cant. I thank Chairman H
ATCH and his 
negotiating partners for the good, bi-partisan cooperation that got us to where we are. 
I would like to thank the President, 
too. No, you are not hearing things. President Obama has done his country a service by taking on his base and pushing back on some of the more ri-diculous rhetoric we have heard. He was right to remind everyone that ‘‘you don’t make change through slo-gans’’ or ‘‘ignoring realities.’’ He should be recognized for it. 
The American people sent a divided 
government to Washington. But it doesn’t mean they don’t want us to work together on issues where we can agree. And on this issue, we do agree. 
Today’s vote brings us closer to 
achieving a positive outcome for the people we represent. I look forward to continued positive engagement from both the President and Members of both parties as we move forward on 
these bills. OBAMACARE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is 
good to see forward momentum on trade. That is certainly good for the American people. But there are other issues that both parties should want to address, too, such as the broken prom-ises of ObamaCare. It would be nice to see more bipartisan support there, and I hope we will at some point, because we all know that ObamaCare is a law filled—literally filled—with broken promises. We all keep seeing reminders of how it failed so many of the same people we were told it would help. 
Back in my State in Kentucky, we 
are seeing how hospitals and their pa-tients are feeling the negative effects of this partisan law. That is particu-larly true in the rural areas of my State. A recent report showed that ObamaCare’s multibillion-dollar at-tack on hospitals in Kentucky is ex-pected to result in a net loss of $1 bil-lion over the next few years—a net loss to Kentucky hospitals of $1 billion over the next few years. 
These hospitals are expected to lose 
more money under ObamaCare than they are expected to gain in new rev-enue from the Medicaid expansion. And, largely due to ObamaCare, these losses are forcing Kentucky hospitals to cut jobs, reduce or freeze wages, and, in some instances, even close alto-gether. We have lost at least two rural critical-access hospitals this year. 
Officials report that Kentucky hos-
pitals are suffering partly because more than three out of every four Ken-tuckians who signed up for ObamaCare were in fact put on Medicaid, and we know that Medicaid reimburses hos-pitals for less than it costs to treat pa-tients. 
So despite promises that greater ac-
cess to coverage would decrease visits to the emergency room and the cost as-sociated with those visits, the vast ma-
jority of emergency room doctors now say they have actually experienced a surge—a surge—in patients visiting the ER since ObamaCare came into effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.000 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2898 May 14, 2015 
In fact, a recent survey reported that 
thousands of ER doctors have actually seen an increase in emergency room visits since the start of last year. One physician from Lexington was quoted as saying he had seen ‘‘a huge backlog in the ER because the volume has in-creased.’’ He went on to say that ER volume rose by almost a fifth in the first few months of this year, which is nearly double—nearly double—what he saw last year in the same period. 
There are a lot of reasons for these 
increases, but as one ER physician put it, ‘‘visits are going up despite the ACA, and in a lot of cases because of it.’’ 
Volume in the ER is driven as a re-
sult of coverage expansion, adding a lot of new people, that has largely been born by the Medicaid program. As I have said previously, though, increas-ing coverage doesn’t guarantee access to care, and prior to Medicaid expan-sion, Kentucky already faced a short-age of physicians participating in Med-icaid. Now, there are more than 300,000 additional enrollees—adding 300,000 new people to an already broken sys-tem. So when Americans on Medicaid get sick and can’t find a doctor, who will treat the Medicaid patients? Where do they end up? Of course, in the emergency room. 
Here is how one Kentucky newspaper 
described it last year: 
That’s just the opposite of what many peo-
ple expected under ObamaCare, particularly because one of the goals of health reform was to reduce pressure on emergency rooms by expanding Medicaid and giving poor people better access to primary care. 
Instead [what is happening], many hos-
pitals in Kentucky and across the nation are seeing a surge of those newly insured Med-icaid patients walking right into emergency rooms. 
One Kentucky doctor described it as 
a ‘‘perfect storm’’—a perfect storm. ‘‘We’ve given people an ATM card,’’ he said, ‘‘in a town with no ATMs.’’ 
Given ObamaCare’s most famous bro-
ken promise about Americans being able to keep the health plans they liked, it is easy to see how a person who had access to good insurance and quality care before ObamaCare would find himself or herself forced onto Med-icaid and into the emergency room today. A recent report found that among certain hospitals in Kentucky, as many as one in five individuals cov-ered by Medicaid had previously had private health insurance. 
So, unfortunately, it wasn’t hard to 
see this coming. A lot of us warned about it. We warned that providing supposed health coverage, without ac-tually giving someone access to health care, is really just a hollow promise. You could promise coverage, but it doesn’t mean anything if there is no-body there to care for the people who are covered. 
The same could be said of warnings 
regarding the impact of ObamaCare’s deep Medicare cuts and the impact of that on hospitals. I wish the politicians who rammed ObamaCare through over the objections of the American people 
had heeded these warnings. We made all these warnings 6 years ago. 
So this is just one more reminder 
why ObamaCare is bad for Kentucky, why it is bad for the middle class, and why it is bad for our country. 
But here is the good news. The new 
Congress just passed a balanced budget this week with legislative tools that will allow us to begin to address ObamaCare’s broken promises. I hope President Obama and our colleagues across the aisle will work with us to do so. 
We owe the American people more 
than ObamaCare’s broken promises. We owe them real health reform that low-ers costs and increases choice. 
I hope our friends across the aisle 
will work with us in a bipartisan way to help achieve that important out-come. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
FISA DATA 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, yesterday 
the House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly—with approximately 330 votes—to end the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records. Last week a Federal court, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, ruled that the Fed-eral Government’s bulk collection pro-gram is illegal. 
The majority leader seems prepared 
to lead the Senate into reauthorizing an illegal program. He has spoken here on the floor in that regard. So how can one reauthorize something that is ille-gal? 
This is not a partisan issue. Demo-
crats and Republicans are united in favor of reforming the National Secu-rity Agency and how they collect their data. 
The House, yesterday, as I indicated, 
voted in favor of reform, overwhelm-ingly, but Republicans in the Senate want to move forward without making any changes. I don’t think so. 
The Republican leader is isolated in 
his desire for a clean extension of ille-gal spying programs. For example, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee in the House of Representatives, Mr. G
OODLATTE , said yesterday that if the 
House gets an extension of FISA—the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act—it will go nowhere. It is dead, ac-cording to the chairman. 
Republicans and Democrats have 
vowed to filibuster a clean extension if the Republican leader brings one to the floor. That is what is going to happen here in the Senate. I have heard ex-tended statements by the junior Sen-ator from Kentucky, who said that. There are others who feel the same way. Even if my friend plows forward in the face of what the bipartisan oppo-sition is to this matter, it will take at least a week to secure the vote. And 
maybe that isn’t even possible. 
We have a chance to take bipartisan 
action that protects Americans’ civil liberties. It would be irresponsible for us to squander this opportunity. 
f 
AMTRAK TRAIN DERAILMENT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, as I said 
yesterday, my heart goes out to those who suffered in the terrible accident of Amtrak’s Northeast Regional Train No. 188, on Tuesday night at 9 p.m., when the accident occurred. As we now know, the train was going more than 100 miles an hour on a curve where it should have been going 50 miles an hour. 
It is very tragic. Seven people died 
and scores are injured. There were about 250 people on the train. It is un-fortunate that sometimes it takes an event such as this before policymakers learn what they need to learn. But worse still would be if policymakers fail to learn anything at all. 
National Transportation Safety 
Board member Robert Sumwalt said there is technology available called positive train control that would have prevented this accident. That tech-nology is in place in a few places in the Northeast corridor. This Northeast cor-ridor, millions of people travel there, but it is not yet in place where the ac-cident happened. 
There are Members of the Republican 
Senate who have for years denigrated, belittled, and harmed the Amtrak sys-tem. I have watched this, and it is real-ly unfair. They attack Amtrak every year, every appropriations process. 
Many on the far right regularly try to punch the Nation’s train system right in the gut. They have made it a punch-ing bag. 
Yesterday, the House of Representa-
tives approved a bill that underfunds Amtrak by another one-quarter of a billion dollars. The day after that trag-ic accident, they say: We are going to help Amtrak by cutting spending by another one-quarter of a billion dol-lars. 
A nation’s train system can be effi-
cient and productive. It can be a point of national pride, but too often neglect of Amtrak has left America’s train sys-tem a disappointing embarrassment. Amtrak is a vital part of our Nation’s economy, and everyone should under-stand that. It helps—I repeat—millions and millions of people get where they need to go. It takes cars off congested highways. It takes people away from airports. 
For the safety of rail passengers, for 
the business it helps to foster, and for the reputation of our great Nation, I hope we can learn to invest more in this important national resource. They need more, not less. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend, 
the Republican leader, must be in de-nial to come to the floor and talk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.002 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2899 May 14, 2015 
about ObamaCare the way he did. He is 
neglecting the facts. I will only repeat a few of them. 
No. 1, there are 17 million people who 
now have health insurance who didn’t. Using his own numbers, he said: One out of every five people who went to the emergency room in Kentucky had insurance, private insurance. Four- fifths of them had no insurance. They have it now. That says it all. 
Rather than cut Medicare and cut 
Medicaid, as in the Republican budg-et—they should not be doing that. The reason there are long waiting lines is because Republicans are not helping us fund Medicare and Medicaid in an ap-propriate fashion. 
The late Senator Ted Kennedy once 
said: ‘‘An essential part of our progres-sive vision is an America where no cit-izen of any age fears the cost of health care.’’ 
We are not there yet, but since the 
Affordable Care Act became law, that vision has become more of a reality every day. The facts are indisputable. Health care costs are growing at a his-torically low rate. 
The overall health of Americans is 
improving, and health care providers are now finding innovative ways to re-duce health care spending while im-proving the quality of care that pa-tients have. 
Last week, the Department of Health 
and Human Services announced that a key pilot program created by the Af-fordable Care Act saved Medicare al-most $400 million in 2 years. This is good news. 
The Pioneer accountable care organi-
zation model was launched by the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices in an effort to improve health care delivery and payment options. 
An independent evaluation of this 
model shows an average of about $300 in savings per beneficiary every year. Rather than being a model, it should cover all patients. Right now this model is serving more than 600,000 Americans. 
The idea is called accountable care. 
Accountable care organizations tie pro-vider reimbursements to quality metrics and reductions in the total cost of care for patients—better care, less costs. 
What is most remarkable about this 
program is that huge savings are being achieved without threatening the qual-ity of care the patients receive. In fact, the quality of care is improving. 
Medicare beneficiaries within the 
Pioneer accountable care organization model have reported more timely care and improved communication with the health care providers. They now have an ability to understand what is hap-pening to their health care. Their ques-tions are being answered. These pa-tients use inpatient hospital services less and have fewer tests and have fewer procedures. That is what it is all about. 
Last week’s announcement shows 
that the Affordable Care Act is work-ing, to the tune of $400 million. Can you imagine the impact this 
pilot program will have on health care costs when it is expanded? It is true that we have more work to do to en-sure quality affordable health care for every American. These reports show Senator Kennedy’s vision for America’s health care system is beginning to be-come a reality. 
Mr. President, would you be kind 
enough to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 10 a.m. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I see no one 
on the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY SHERIFF JOE 
DUNN 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise to 
honor Cascade County Deputy Sheriff Joe Dunn, a dedicated public servant who died in the line of duty on August 14, 2014. 
On behalf of all Montanans, I want to 
thank Deputy Dunn for his service to our Nation and to the community of Great Falls, MT. Before enlisting to serve and protect his neighbors as a deputy sheriff, Joe Dunn served our Nation in the U.S. Marine Corps and deployed to the battlefields of Afghani-stan. 
Upon returning to Montana, Deputy 
Dunn married the love of his life, Robynn. They had two children, Joey and Shiloh, who were the center of his universe. Deputy Dunn’s deep commit-ment to Jesus and his love for his fam-ily were the guiding principles in which he lived his life. 
Montana’s leaders have permanently 
honored the life and service of Deputy Dunn by naming an 8-mile stretch of Interstate 15 outside of Great Falls, MT. It is named the Joseph J. Dunn Memorial Highway. 
On May 15, 2015, Peace Officers Me-
morial Day, Deputy Dunn’s name will be enshrined forever alongside 273 other brave peace officers who were killed in the line of duty. 
During his lifetime of service, Deputy 
Dunn always went beyond the call of duty to ensure the safety of those he served, often working the evening shift 
and long hours away from his family. Deputy Dunn always put others above himself, and he is the kind of leader every Montanan can be proud of. 
Everyone who knew Deputy Dunn has 
been touched by his commitment to serve others and his passion for making his community a better place to call home. But above all, Joe Dunn was a family man. Regardless of the length of his shift or the difficulty of his day, his top priority was that of being a father. 
Today, as a body, we offer our deep-
est thoughts and prayers to his family, Robynn, Joey, and Shiloh. The State of Montana and this country are end-lessly grateful for his service. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
IRS BUREAUCRACY REDUCTION 
AND JUDICIAL REVIEW ACT 
AMERICA GIVES MORE ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 1295 and H.R. 644 en bloc, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1295) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from tax-ation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code. 
A bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Service of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for con-tributions of food inventory. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the bills en bloc. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1223 AND 1224  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Hatch amend-ments, amendment No. 1223 to H.R. 1295 and amendment No. 1224 to H.R. 644, are considered and agreed to. 
(The amendment (No. 1223) in the na-
ture of a substitute is printed in the R
ECORD of May 13, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
(The amendment (No. 1224) in the na-
ture of a substitute is printed in the R
ECORD of May 13, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 12 noon will be equally divided in the usual form. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.004 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2900 May 14, 2015 
The Senator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today, at 
this moment, we begin the debate on one of the most important bills to come in front of the Senate this year, to guarantee that Americans can find a more level playing field as we compete in the world economy to show that Americans should not be patsies for other countries that are cheating and altering records and information they submit to trade authorities. 
This is an opportunity to close an 85- 
year-old loophole that has allowed us to import products produced by slave labor and child labor and to fix our cur-rency system so countries and their companies, especially in East Asia and South Asia—mostly East Asia—cannot continue to cheat and sell into our country with a bonus and penalize us when we try to sell our products to their countries. 
This body delivered one strong mes-
sage this week which was unprece-dented. I can’t think of the last time the Senate spoke with such an em-phatic voice on a trade issue. The sim-ple message: We cannot have trade pro-motion without trade enforcement. 
We should not be passing new agree-
ments while doing nothing, which the Senate tried to do on Tuesday, but the Senate stood up and said no. We should not be passing new agreements while doing nothing to enforce existing laws and support American companies deal-ing with unfair competition. 
We need to stand up particularly for 
our small businesses, which are always hurt to a much greater degree than large businesses. When a large com-pany in Cleveland, Toledo or Lima shuts down production and moves over-seas to Xi’an, Beijing or Wuhan, China, so they can get a tax break from our government—amazingly enough, this body will not close that tax loophole— and sell products back to our country, that company’s bottom line may be a bit better, but the supply chain for those large companies—the companies in our communities in Lima, Toledo, Mansfield, and Wooster—that sell to those big companies have lost their biggest customers in far too many cases. Those businesses go out of busi-ness, those workers get laid off, those plants close, and we know what hap-pens. That is why we especially need to stand up for those small businesses that play by the rules and are drowning from a set of imports from countries that manipulate their currency and practice illegal dumping. Dumping is when companies subsidize water, cap-ital, land, labor costs or other inputs, such as energy, and sell under the real cost of production into the United States—that kind of illegal dumping. 
It is one thing to talk about statis-
tics, but I want to stop and think about the costs of imports to our companies, communities, and families. 
In the State of Pennsylvania, as the 
Presiding Officer knows, especially be-tween Pittsburgh and Philly or West-ern Pennsylvania, the area I am more familiar with because I represent the 
adjoining State, we see time after time companies in small towns—when a company shuts down in a place like Jackson, OH, or Chillicothe, OH, so often because of the size of the town, both the husband and wife each lose their jobs because they both work at that company, their entire family in-
come is wiped out, and they are likely to lose their home to foreclosure. We know all of those problems that happen because we don’t enforce our trade rules. That is why I want us to stop and think about the real costs to fami-lies, communities, and companies. 
In Ohio, we have seen how dumping 
by Korean companies has hurt our steel industry. Neither President Bush nor President Obama has stepped up on trade the way each had promised in their campaigns, and neither has stepped up the way that they should to preserve our workers, our businesses, and our livelihoods. We both promised, on Korea, thousands—that there would be tens of thousands of new jobs, bil-lions in increased exports for our com-panies. Yet the reality of the Korea trade agreement was absolutely the op-posite of that. We had major job loss and a major loss in the import-export ratio because of that South Korea trade agreement they pushed on the U.S. Congress, and the people here too willingly passed. 
Natural gas production has increased 
demand. I will explain Korea for a mo-ment. Natural gas production has in-creased demand for the world-class tu-bular steel made in plants such as U.S. Steel in Lorain, Youngstown, and Trumbull County. Tubular steel is the steel piping that is particularly strong and durable. It is subjected to great pressure and great heat as they drill for natural gas—in so-called fracking— or they drill for oil. 
Mr. President, 8,000 workers in 22 
States make these Oil Country Tubular Goods. Each one of those jobs supports another seven positions in the supply chain. We know when we talk about manufacturing, it is never just the manufacturing jobs, as important as they are, it is the jobs in the entire supply that go into the assembly of the airplane or the automobile or the steel production of Oil Country Tubular Goods. These producers increasingly lose business to foreign competitors that are not playing by the rules. Im-ports for OCTG, Oil Country Tubular Goods, have doubled since 2008. By some measures, imports account for somewhat more than 50 percent of the pipes being used by companies drilling for oil and gas in the United States. 
Korea has one of the world’s largest 
steel industries, but get this, not one of these pipes that Korea now dumps in the United States—illegally sub-sidized—is ever used in Korea for drill-ing because Korea has no domestic oil or gas production. In other words, Korea has created this industry only for exports and has been successful be-cause they are not playing fair. So their producers are exporting large vol-
umes to the United States, the most open and attractive market in the world, at below-market prices. That is clear evidence that our workers and manufacturers are being cheated, and it should be unacceptable to the Mem-bers of this body. It hurts our workers, our communities, and our country. It is time to stop it. 
I toured Lorain’s best U.S. Steel 
plant in 2013 and saw the No. 6 quench and temper finishing line, which was part of a $100 million expansion project. 
The naysayers who talk about our 
country, workers, and businesses say we cannot compete because we are not up-to-date or our workers are not pro-ducing—all the whining from these naysayers who support these trade policies is insulting to our workers, in-sulting to our communities, and insult-ing to our small businesses. They say we are not modern enough. 
Well, look at the investment. I have 
seen the $100 million investment in Lo-rain, for instance, and what that means. The first time in the history of steel production in this world, ArcelorMittal workers created about 1 ton about 5 years ago. When they passed this threshold, 1 person-hour created 1 ton of steel. They are the most productive steelworkers in the world, working in the most productive steel company in the world. 
The expansion project with Lorain’s 
U.S. Steel plant was made possible, in part, because we were able to crack down on Chinese steel pipe imports that flooded the market with illegal and cheap products. They made this in-vestment because we won that trade case. Then, along came Korea to again try to inflict the same damage on our producers and our workers. It is clear that once again we need to ensure that other Nations don’t unfairly dump steel into the U.S. market. 
Last year, I visited the same plant 
and joined in with workers, managers, and union leaders to send one message: It is time for America to stand up to these lawbreakers; pure and simple, strip it all away—these countries are lawbreakers. 
Here is the bad news: In January, 
U.S. Steel—in part because of Korea’s dumping—announced 614 temporary layoffs at the plant in Lorain on Lake Erie. Those layoffs began in March. 
I spoke on the floor before about one 
of the U.S. steelworkers I met, Ryan, who has been out of work for weeks. He has four kids at home and doesn’t know when or if he will be back at work. Will his home be foreclosed down the road if he can’t go back to work? He has played by the rules. He has been living a responsible life, by taking care of his kids, paying his mortgage, en-gaged in the union and community as a good, strong, productive worker. There are hundreds more like Ryan in Lorain and around Ohio. 
In March, Republic Steel in Lorain 
announced 200 temporary layoffs. I say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.006 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2901 May 14, 2015 
‘‘temporary’’ because the company is 
hopeful that our government will en-force trade rules and that the dumping of steel will abate a bit. 
TMK is one of the largest producers 
of oil country tubular goods in the world, with a facility in Brookfield, OH, north of Youngstown. Since 2008, the company has invested $2 billion in their U.S. operations. They are keeping up on technology and modernizing their plant with very productive work-ers. But how do they compete with Korea or China or other nations that are cheating? 
Other companies make similar in-
vestments to stay on the cutting edge, but instead of expanding production to keep up with increasing demand, these companies operate under tighter and tighter margins and lay off workers. Last week, TMK announced plans to reduce operating hours at three of its facilities and completely idled another one. 
I visited Byer Steel in Cincinnati. I 
spoke with Mr. Byer just yesterday when I met with some steel company executives, many of them from small businesses like his, where I first an-nounced the Level the Playing Field Act to his company in Cincinnati. 
American companies—Byer, TMK, 
U.S. Steel, Republic Steel, so many others—know firsthand that they are not in a fair fight. These manufactur-ers across Ohio and all over our coun-try suffer enough from unfair trade practices distorting the market. It is their workers who suffer even more. Think about what even a temporary layoff can do to a family. They are fac-ing mounting bills, facing mounting uncertainty. They may have to start to turn to credit cards and payday lenders to get by, and then the downward spi-ral begins. 
I don’t think too many in this body 
who are dressed like this and who have good-paying jobs and titles and far too often an adoring staff end up—we don’t think much about this, but think about the laid-off worker who has for 7 years—she and her husband have lived in Lorain, where I used to live, which is an industrial city west of Cleveland— they have lived in Lorain and paid their mortgage. They are involved in their kids’ activities in soccer and school and go to the programs at school. They are living lives the way we hope they would. But then she loses her good-paying, 18-dollar-an-hour job. She has a mortgage she meets every month. She has bills she pays every month. Then she loses her job. She faces the uncertainty of what happens next, and she faces a sharply declined income. At some point, her kids under-stand their mom lost her job and their dad’s hours have been cut back. Then they face the question—and this is what we don’t think much about in this body, people who dress like us and make good incomes and have good ben-efits and have a staff who helps them— then she has to sit down with her kids and say: We may lose our home because we can’t keep up with these bills. It is 
not because they speculated, not be-cause they stole, not because they are morally inadequate in some ways; sim-ply because they lost their job. 
My State—and the Presiding Officer’s 
State is not too far behind this, I don’t think—my State for 14 years in a row had more foreclosures than the year before. That is not because Ohioans are irresponsible; it is because Ohioans have lost so many of these manufac-turing jobs. They were paying their bills and meeting their obligations and raising their kids, and then all of a sudden they couldn’t. 
So they have to face their 12-year-old 
daughter and say: Honey, we are going to have to move. We can’t afford to keep this house anymore. I don’t know where we are going to move. I don’t know what school you are going to go to. I am sorry. 
I don’t think people around this place 
think very much about the human face of these kinds of decisions. That is why this is so important. 
We can do something about this. 
When jobs are lost due to cheap, flood-ed, illegal imports and at the same time we aren’t increasing our exports, we need to do all we can to stop this practice and protect our workers. 
The other side will say we are in-
creasing our exports. We are a bit, but the imports are much higher in almost every one of these cases. That is why we need to pass this Customs bill that incorporates the Level the Playing Field Act to crack down on foreign companies that are cheating. We wel-come competition. We are a competi-tive country. We succeed in competing among ourselves and around the world. But it has to be fair; it has to be a level playing field. That is why the Level the Playing Field Act, title V of this Cus-toms bill, is so very important. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the time during the quorum calls be equally divided between the parties. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. UDALL. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
PATRIOT ACT  
Today, I rise to express my long-
standing concerns about the PATRIOT Act and in particular section 215, which is set to expire on June 1. A major use of this section—the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records—has just been ruled illegal by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. If we didn’t already have enough concern about reauthorizing section 215, this decision should raise alarm bells. Yet, 
the majority leader is asking us to act quickly to reauthorize this law un-changed for another 5 years. 
Without significant reforms to the 
law, I cannot support an extension of any length of time, and I urge my col-leagues to listen to the court and listen to the numerous oversight groups from within the administration and the mil-lions of citizens who are saying that Congress needs to rethink whether this program is violating our rights in the name of keeping us safe. 
Ben Franklin was very fond of say-
ing, ‘‘Those who give up liberty in the name of security deserve neither.’’ That is where we are today. Congress passed the PATRIOT Act over a decade ago after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Our Nation was devastated. Our security was at stake. But this legislation was hasty, it was far-reaching, and it un-dermined the constitutional right to privacy of law-abiding citizens. It still does. 
I have made my opposition clear in 
the years since 2001. The major advo-cates of this law—primarily former President Bush and his key national security officials—used a potent com-bination of fear and patriotism to drive this bill through. I was one of only 66 Members to vote against the PATRIOT Act in the House of Representatives. I also voted against the reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act in 2006 and the FISA Amendments Act of 2008. 
In 2011, I opposed once again the ex-
tension of three controversial provi-sions of the PATRIOT Act: roving wire-taps, government access to ‘‘any tan-gible items,’’ such as library and busi-ness records, and the surveillance of targets that are not connected to any identified terrorist group. 
Back in 2001, I said on the House 
floor that I was unable to support this bill because it does not strike the right balance between protecting our lib-erties and providing for the security of our citizens. I went on to say: The sav-ing grace here is that the sunset provi-sion forces us to come back and to look at these issues again when heads are cooler and when we are not in the heat of battle. 
That is exactly what we should do. 
To govern in a post-9/11 world, we have to strike the right balance, to fight terrorism without trampling our Con-stitution. We can do both. The Bill of Rights was established immediately following a war. Our Founders knew the tension between freedom and secu-rity. Our Nation was founded on the right of individual liberty, in stark contrast to the long tradition of total sovereign authority of most other gov-ernments. 
I strongly believe we should not force 
through a reauthorization of the PA-TRIOT Act without a hard look at the long-term ramifications of the law. We must look at how the law is being used for things such as the collection of all Americans’ phone records. We must consider whether that use is necessary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.008 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2902 May 14, 2015 
to keep us safe and whether it is in line 
with the Constitutional rights we are sworn to uphold. 
I urge our colleagues not to be 
swayed by the false argument that this provision must be reauthorized ur-gently, that we will be vulnerable to attack if we let it expire—another false argument. 
Here is the reality. This provision is 
being used to sweep up the phone calls of all Americans across this country. Yet there is zero conclusive evidence that it has kept us safe from attack. 
What we do have, however, is ample 
evidence that the PATRIOT Act, sec-tion 215, has been used to violate the privacy of everyday Americans. I be-lieve it has violated the Constitution. I certainly agree with the Federal court of appeals which last week ruled that the bulk phone record collection goes far beyond what Congress intended when the law was passed. 
We have a decade of hindsight. Let’s 
be honest in this debate and let’s be thorough. The entire law bears careful scrutiny. Senators L
EEand L EAHY have 
introduced the USA FREEDOM Act to reform the law while reauthorizing the expiring provisions. I commend their efforts, but I think we can go even fur-ther. 
The House also overwhelmingly 
passed its version of the USA FREE-DOM Act just yesterday. It deserves Senate consideration. Congress has a duty for robust oversight, to ensure real constitutional privacy rights are upheld. I pushed for this from when I was in the House. I advocated then for the creation of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, also called PCLOB. 
In June 2013, after details about 
NSA’s bulk collection program were made public, I led a bipartisan call for the PCLOB to conduct an independent review. Their review assessed the im-pact of NSA’s spying program on Americans’ constitutional rights and civil liberties. The Board concluded what many Americans had feared: One, that the spying program is an uncon-stitutional intrusion on their privacy right, and, two, that it has almost no impact on safety. 
The Board’s oversight role is crucial. 
Its independent evaluation of section 215 demonstrates why. It has an impor-tant job, and it requires more support so it can do its job. That is why yester-day Senator W
YDEN and I reintroduced 
the Strengthening Privacy, Oversight, and Transparency Act, or SPOT Act. Our bill, with bipartisan cosponsors in the House, would strengthen the Board. This is key to real oversight, and it should be included as part of any reau-thorization of the PATRIOT Act. 
The SPOT Act extends the Board’s 
authority to play a watchdog role over surveillance conducted for purposes be-yond counterterrorism. It also allows the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
sight Board to issue subpoenas without having to wait for the Justice Depart-ment to issue them. It makes the Board member’s positions full-time. Finally, it makes the Board an au-
thorized recipient for whistleblower complaints for employees in the intel-ligence community, so they can take concerns to an independent organiza-tion, one that understands the intel-ligence community. I know we must protect the Nation from future at-tacks. But there must also be balance. We cannot give up our constitutional protections in the name of security. To do so does not protect our Constitution nor does it increase our security. 
We need to have a serious debate 
about these issues and allow Senators to offer amendments. This is important to the American people, to our secu-rity, and to our liberties. Congress can-not just leave town and leave this work undone. 
I voted against the PATRIOT Act and 
the FISA Act amendments, because they unduly infringed on the guaran-teed rights of our citizens. I believe that time has shown that to be true, and the time has come to correct it. We all value the work of our intelligence community. Their efforts are vital to our Nation’s security. But I believe these amendments are crucial. 
We can protect our citizens and their 
constitutional rights. We acted in haste before. It was a mistake then. It would be a mistake now to approve a straight reauthorization of that law. We need to take the time this time to get it right. 
I see Senator W
YDEN is on the floor. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today 
the Senate is formally kicking off the trade debate here in the Senate. What I intend to do, starting today and in the days ahead, is to come back to what I think needs to be the central statement of this discussion; that is, the NAFTA playbook. The playbook for trade in the 1990s is gone. It is a new day in trade policy. 
So I have summarized why the trade 
promotion act is not the trade policy of the 1990s and is not the North Amer-ican Free Trade Agreement. What we are going to do today is essentially start with the question of how vigorous trade enforcement ought to be at the forefront of America’s trade policy in 2015 and beyond, and how our new ap-proach on enforcement is different than the policy of the 1990s. 
The reality is, we can pass trade 
agreements full of lofty goals and prin-ciples. You can amass all of the en-forcement ideas you might want, but it does not do any good if you do not have real enforcement tools and you make sure that they are not locked in a shed. 
In my view, that has been happening 
for way, way too long. The status quo on trade enforcement simply no longer does the job. As I have listened for many months to Senators on both sides of the aisle, I believe there is wide-spread recognition that our approach to trade, particularly trade enforce-ment, has to change, because without that change, we are not going to have 
the best possible path to creating more good-paying jobs for our people in a modern and globally competitive econ-omy. 
The bottom line is that those trade 
policies in the 1990s did very little— really nothing—to ensure strong en-forcement of our trade laws to protect the American worker from the mis-deeds of trade cheats. This bill is de-signed to take on the universe of ag-gressive tactics that our competitors have used. It upgrades trade enforce-ment laws to meet today’s challenges. 
What we have seen in recent years is 
that there are some overseas who play cat-and-mouse games with our Cus-toms agents, using shell companies, fraudulent records, and sophisticated schemes. Then they bully—bully— American businesses into relocating factories and jobs or surrendering valu-able intellectual property. Too often our companies are spied on, and trade enforcers may, in effect, be victimized by those who steal secrets and dodge accountability. 
Our competitors often mask their ac-
tivities by obscuring paper trails and perpetrating outright fraud. Now, our challenge—and I know my colleague the Presiding Officer has seen this as a member of the Finance Committee—is to get out in front of these schemes that I have just described. The enforce-ment legislation before the Senate is about guaranteeing that the United States has a queen on the chess board, no matter what competitive tactic it faces. 
That starts with a proposal I first of-
fered years ago called the ENFORCE Act. Now, the North American Free Trade Agreement did nothing to stop foreign companies that cheat and evade duties by concealing their identities and shipping their products on untraceable routes. 
That is the way it used to be. That is 
why this legislation is not the North American Free Trade Agreement. The ENFORCE Act is going to give our Cus-toms agents more tools aimed at cracking down on the behavior I have just outlined. Another major upgrade, something else that did not exist dur-ing those NAFTA days, is what I call an unfair trade alert. The new alert system would set off the warning bells long before the damage is done, when American jobs and exports come under threat. 
One of the big fears we hear today is 
that our enforcers are incapable of stopping the trade cheats before it is too late. By the time somebody in Washington catches on to the newest unfair threat to undercut an American business, the plant has been shuttered, the factory lights are out, and the workers’ lives have been turned upside down. In a lot of cases, if you are talk-ing about the small towns that dot the landscape of Oregon and elsewhere, that abandoned facility might have been the beating heart of an entire community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.010 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2903 May 14, 2015 
The slow pace of action in Wash-
ington, DC, should never be the reason Americans lose their jobs. The unfair trade alert—that was not part of the 1990s; that was not part of NAFTA. It is going to be part of our current policy today, helping our companies, helping our workers get there before it is too late. 
Next, the Congress is going to lay 
down clear priorities for our trade en-forcers, priorities that are centered on jobs and economic growth. There is going to be more accountability and follow-through baked into our enforce-ment system. In years past, trade de-bate in the Congress used to come down to a simple transaction of trade promotion authority for trade adjust-ment assistance. 
What I said in developing this pack-
age of bills and what more than a dozen protrade Democrats said on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week was that the Senate needed to aim higher. The status quo was not good enough. In particular, it was not good enough in terms of enforcing the laws that are on the books. My guess is that in Pennsyl-vania and everywhere else—because I certainly hear it in Oregon—people say—particularly those of us who are protrade and want to tap these global markets: I hear you are talking about new trade agreements. How about en-forcing the laws that are on the books? 
What I started this morning—and I 
will be back again and again between now and the end of this debate—is to talk about why this is a very different approach than the approach taken in the 1990s. Tough, robust, effective en-forcement of our trade laws is right at the core of a new and modern trade pol-icy. It is a major part of what I call 
trade done right. It is how you guar-antee that trade gives everybody in America a chance to get ahead. 
Those are propositions, in my view, 
that deserve strong, bipartisan support in the Senate, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support this trade en-forcement law package. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Democratic side have 20 minutes of the debate time remaining prior to noon. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I also 
ask unanimous consent to be able to equally divide the time spent in quorum calls. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
FREEDOM FOR AUSTIN TICE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I wish 
to spend a few minutes this morning talking about a young man who can be 
described in many ways and one who has earned many accolades: decorated Marine Corps veteran, award-winning journalist, Houston native, and sev-enth-generation Texan. But most im-portantly, this young man, Austin Tice, is better known as a friend, brother, and son to loving and caring parents. 
Almost 3 years ago, Austin decided to 
pause his law school studies to spend the summer in Syria as a freelance journalist. He was frustrated by the lack of reporting on Syria’s civil war, a war that has claimed the lives of more than 300,000 people by some estimates— and that is just within the borders of Syria—and has displaced millions more who are living in refugee camps both in Syria and in surrounding countries. This huge refugee crisis affects many neighboring countries, such as Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon, and has tremen-dous potential to destabilize the entire region. 
As a strong believer in freedom of the 
press, Austin wanted to let his fellow countrymen know what was going on in that part of the world. As a former Eagle Scout and Marine Corps captain, Austin’s typical can-do attitude led him to decide that he should go to Syria himself and report on the civil war, and that is exactly what he did. Well, as with most things he tried, Austin proved to be very successful. While he was reporting from Syria, his work was published in the Washington Post, McClatchy news, and other out-lets. 
In August 2012, just days before he 
was planning to leave Syria, he was kidnapped, and no one has heard from him since. We still don’t know for sure who his captors are. Sadly, we know very little. One thing we do know is that his parents, Marc and Debra Tice, and his entire family have worked tire-lessly to locate him and to bring him home safely. 
This week marks the 1,000th day of 
Austin’s captivity. I really can’t begin to imagine the toll this ordeal has taken on Austin’s family, but I have to say I so greatly admire the courage and conviction of his parents, who said ear-lier this week in a statement: 
We have desperately missed Austin for 
over 1,440,000 minutes—each new minute fuels our resolve to find him and bring him safely home. 
While we often mark the number of 
days someone has been missing, it is important to remember that to the family and friends of someone who has been kidnapped, even the minutes that pass are almost unbearable. Austin’s family is not just counting the days he has been gone and all the milestones he has inevitably missed, they are count-ing the minutes too. 
Austin Tice has a family who is wait-
ing for him, missing him, and laboring to find any piece of information that will lead to information about his whereabouts, while longing for his free-dom. I join the Tice family in encour-aging the Federal Government to do 
everything we can to possibly secure Austin’s safe return home. 
I also say once again to his family: 
We haven’t given up. We will continue to stand by you, and we will never give up until we find your son and bring him safely home. 
This week, we pass another mile-
stone, this time of 1,000 days that Aus-tin has been separated from his family. I join the Tice family in their hope that someday soon we will be able to add another milestone to this story, one that marks the day of his safe re-turn to so many who love and miss him. 
Today, our thoughts and prayers are 
with the Tice family, and I stand ready and I daresay all of us stand ready to do whatever we can to encourage and facilitate the return of this Texan, vet-
eran, brother, and son. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today the 
Senate will vote on two pieces of im-portant trade legislation. Both of these bills have been in the works for some time. They were among the four trade bills we reported out of the Senate Committee on Finance last month, and as a principal coauthor of both bills, I am very glad we found a way to get them to this point. 
The first bill we will be voting on is 
the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. This bill will reauthorize and im-prove three of our trade preference pro-grams: the generalized system of pref-erences, or GSP; the African Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA; and tariff preferences for Haiti. I want to take a few minutes to talk about each of these programs individually, start-ing with the GSP. 
The GSP promotes trade with devel-
oping nations by providing for non-reciprocal duty-free tariff treatment of certain products originating in those countries. The program helps bene-ficiary countries advance their eco-nomic development and encourages them to move toward more open econo-mies and eliminate trade barriers to U.S. exports. 
The GSP does more than provide as-
sistance in the developing world; it also assists hundreds of businesses here in the United States. Across our coun-try, manufacturers and importers ben-efit by receiving inputs and raw mate-rials at a lower cost. Approximately three-quarters of U.S. imports under GSP are raw materials—parts and com-ponents—or machinery and equipment used by U.S. companies to manufacture goods here at home. 
Unfortunately, because the program 
expired in 2013, many U.S. businesses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.011 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2904 May 14, 2015 
have had to deal with high tariffs on 
these imports for the last 2 years. As an example, last year alone, without the GSP program in place, American companies paid over $600 million in tar-iffs. Businesses in every State have been affected by the expiration of GSP and have a vested interest in the re-newal of the program. There are busi-nesses in my own home State of Utah and around the country that have been left with difficult decisions about downsizing, hiring freezes, and em-ployee layoffs in the absence of GSP. Today, with the passage of this bill, we will take a long-overdue step toward solving these problems. 
Also included in the preferences bill 
are provisions for the long-term re-newal of the AGOA Program, which en-courages African countries to further develop their economies by lowering U.S. tariffs on their exports. Since AGOA was enacted in the year 2000, trade with beneficiary countries has more than tripled, with U.S. direct in-vestment growing more than sixfold in that time. 
This program has helped create more 
than a million jobs in Sub-Saharan Af-rica. I worked with my colleagues on the Committee on Finance to craft re-authorization language that will im-prove on AGOA’s past success, to re-move obstacles to trade in Sub-Saha-ran Africa and allow both that region and our job creators here at home to benefit from expanded market access. 
I share many of my colleagues’ belief 
that benefits under AGOA should go to countries making good-faith progress toward meeting the program’s eligi-bility criteria. For example, I am very concerned that officers in the Republic of South Africa recently indicated they will attempt to renegotiate commit-ments made under the General Agree-ment on Trade in Services to require foreign-owned companies to relinquish 51 percent ownership and control to South Africans. 
South Africa also developed a draft 
policy that proposed changes to intel-lectual property rights laws which con-tained significant shortcomings, in-cluding inadequate protections for pat-ents, trademarks, and copyrights. These are three areas I take a tremen-dous interest in, among so many other things around here. I hope very much that as they redraft this policy, it will include recognition of how important protection of intellectual property is to supporting economic growth. 
But it is not just South Africa. For 
example, I understand other bene-ficiaries under the program continue to impose barriers and limitations to cross-border data flow or otherwise limit digital trade. Because of these concerns, we thought it was important to create a mechanism under the AGOA Program which would allow for benefits to be scaled back if a country is found to not be making good-faith progress on these and other issues. That new tool is included in the bill, and we expect the administration to use this tool aggressively, particularly 
in the case of South Africa. 
The legislation also includes new 
consultation and notification require-ments, keeping Congress informed of beneficiaries’ progress. 
There are new mechanisms for stake-
holders to petition the administration to raise awareness about potential eli-gibility violations. The bill will require these petitions to be taken into ac-count when determinations are made regarding a beneficiary’s status and in regular reporting. 
I know the AGOA Program has a lot 
of support here in Congress among Members of both parties. I think we were able to craft a bill that not only provides for the long-term extension of the program the administration was seeking but also responds to some very serious bilateral trade challenges we are facing today. With these changes, we have created a more flexible pro-gram we believe will spur greater de-velopment and economic integration and opportunity in the region, while better serving the needs of our job cre-ators here at home. I believe it de-serves strong support. 
Finally, the preferences bill would 
also extend preferential access to the U.S. market for Haiti. Haiti is one of the poorest economies in the Western Hemisphere. The Haiti preference pro-gram supports well-paying, stable jobs in a country saddled with poverty and unemployment. I hope this extension will encourage continued economic de-velopment and support democracy in Haiti. 
This is a strong preferences bill. I ex-
pect a strong vote in favor of passing it later today. 
Next, the Senate will vote on the 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015, which includes impor-tant provisions to reauthorize and modernize the operations of Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, and significantly improve intellectual property rights protection in the United States and around the world. 
The Customs bill will facilitate the 
efficient movement of merchandise destined for the United States by for-malizing in statute programs such as the Centers of Excellence and Exper-tise. It will also ensure that U.S. cus-toms and trade laws are uniformly im-plemented nationwide and help ensure that the private sector and CBP work together. 
With this bill, we will also ensure 
that the automated commercial envi-ronment and the international data system are completed so that trade documentation can finally be sub-mitted electrically and importers will no longer be required to submit the same information to numerous govern-ment agencies. 
In addition, the bill will modernize 
the drawback process by moving from a labor-intensive paper-based system to an electronic claims process that will significantly free up resources in the private and the public sector, and it will increase the de minimis level from 
$200 to $800, reducing needless burdens on small businesses importing into the United States. 
Additionally, the bill strengthens our 
trade remedy laws and our ability to respond to imports that pose a threat to the health or safety of U.S. con-sumers. 
When drafting this customs legisla-
tion, I was particularly interested in beefing up our enforcement of intellec-tual property rights. The bill includes the strongest possible provisions with regard to intellectual property rights and intellectual property rights en-forcement. For example, our bill will establish in law the National Intellec-tual Property Rights Coordination Center to coordinate Federal efforts to prevent intellectual property viola-tions. It will also significantly expand CBP’s tools and authorities to protect intellectual property rights at the bor-der by requiring CBP to share informa-tion about suspected infringing mer-chandise with rights holders. 
Our bill will provide CBP with ex-
plicit authority to seize and forfeit de-vices that violate the Digital Millen-nium Copyright Act—an act I put through a number of years ago—and re-quire CBP to share information with rights holders who are injured by these unlawful devices. 
The bill contains provisions to estab-
lish a process for CBP to enforce copy-rights while registration with the copyright office is pending and to sig-nificantly improve CBP’s reporting re-quirements to hold the Agency more accountable for its enforcement efforts with regard to intellectual property. 
The bill will strengthen CBP’s tar-
geting of goods that violate intellec-tual property rights, improve CBP’s co-operation with the private sector and with foreign customs authorities on en-forcement, and require an educational campaign at the border. I am particu-larly fond of that last part. At my in-sistence, the bill includes provisions that will require all versions of the Customs Declaration Form that every-one fills out when they enter the United States to contain a warning that importation of goods that infringe on intellectual property rights may violate criminal and/or civil law and may pose serious risks to health and safety. I am not sure most Americans appreciate the danger that counterfeit products can pose, as they often are not built to the same standard of the protected product. So I hope making people more aware of these dangers will help us make sure we are doing all we can to keep Americans safe. 
In addition to enhancing protection 
at our borders, our Customs bill will provide USTR with additional tools to improve the protection of intellectual property rights by our trading partners overseas in order to stop infringing goods at the source. For example, the bill will establish a chief innovation and intellectual property negotiator, with the rank of ambassador, to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.013 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2905 May 14, 2015 
that intellectual property rights pro-
tection is at the forefront of our trade negotiation and enforcement efforts and to enhance USTR’s accountability to Congress on these issues. On top of that, the bill will give USTR more tools to increase enforcement for trade secrets and to ensure that countries that consistently fail to protect intel-lectual property meet specified bench-marks for improvement. 
I am a big fan of this bill. It includes 
a number of my top trade enforcement priorities, and I am very glad we will get a chance to vote on it today. Of course, it is not perfect. Some of the amendments that were added in com-mittee leave me with some reserva-tions. Most notably, the bill now con-tains provisions that purport to deal with currency manipulation that are, in my view, very problematic. One pro-vision sets up an avenue for a counter-vailing duty investigation or review to determine whether some measure of a currency manipulation is effectively a subsidy, either ‘‘directly or indirectly’’ to a country’s exports. If the govern-ment finds that the manipulation is, once again, either ‘‘directly or indi-rectly,’’ an export subsidy, sanctions can follow. This provision is problem-atic for a number of reasons. 
First of all, it is likely not compliant 
with our existing international trade commitments. It would effectively re-quire the imposition of trade sanctions that, under the language of the legisla-tion, could be based on presumptions without support. And it will almost certainly invite retaliatory trade sanc-tions from our trading partners, who will argue, and in fact have already ar-gued, that actions taken by the Fed-eral Reserve Board constitute currency manipulation. 
While the authors of the currency 
manipulation provision in the Customs bill may believe that there is a clear delineation between monetary policies used primarily for domestic economic stabilization and policies used to gain a trade advantage, there is not. 
When Japan engages in quantitative 
easing to boost its economy and infla-tion expectations, sometimes at the very urging of U.S. officials, is that manipulation? 
When the Federal Reserve engages in 
quantitative easing, with part of the expected benefit being downward ex-change rate pressure and boosted ex-ports, is that manipulation, or just do-mestic stabilization? 
Is Germany’s persistent trade surplus 
somehow partially caused by ongoing quantitative easing activities at the European Central Bank? 
And, with respect to detection, de-
spite the intent of the authors of this provision, accuracy is evidently not a concern. 
I am sure that everyone—or at least 
those who support this provision—has looked at the recent exchange rate as-sessments for 2013 from the Inter-national Monetary Fund External Sec-tor Report. For Japan, one IMF method sug-
gested 15-percent yen overvaluation, while another method suggested 15-per-cent undervaluation. Yet under the currency manipulation provision in this bill, IMF models and methods are what we are supposed to use to set trade sanctions. 
For South Korea, the two IMF meth-
odologies suggested undervaluation be-tween around 7 percent and 20 percent. So when we want to set a punitive countervailing duty, what are our au-thorities supposed to do? Should they assume that South Korea benefited from currency undervaluation of 7 per-cent or 20 percent or some random number in between? Who knows. 
This provision, unfortunately, simply 
won’t work, since it assumes the exist-ence of accurate knowledge and abili-ties to determine some fundamental equilibrium exchange rates that the IMF and the economics profession sim-ply do not have. 
Under the questionable provision of 
the bill that allows for investigation of currency undervaluation and potential ensuing trade actions, I believe the au-thors of the provision were overly he-roic and mistaken in their belief about the precision of currency valuation methodology. The provision would ap-peal to models and methodologies, as described in IMF documents. 
The problem is that even the IMF 
does not use those models and meth-odologies to make definitive judgments about appropriate currency values, which are inherently some of the most difficult things for economic models to identify. It would not be difficult for our trading partners to use precisely the same models and methodologies to make countervailing cases against Federal Reserve monetary policy, re-sulting in retaliatory trade sanctions and perhaps defensive currency inter-ventions. 
This is a clear road to trade wars and 
currency wars replete with competitive devaluations. Such a road is paved by the offending provision in the Customs bill, which basically gives our trading partners a template for their own accu-sations about currency manipulation and ensuing trade sanctions. This is problematic. 
And while Senators in this Chamber 
would like to simply decree that our monetary policies are just domestic economic stabilization, while foreign monetary policies that may look simi-lar are manipulation, such self-evalua-tions will not be acceptable in inter-national trade and agreements. 
I understand the desire among many 
of my colleagues to address currency manipulation, and I want to work with them on this issue. But I am convinced that the currency manipulation provi-sion in the Customs bill simply will not work, and, when tried, it will simply give ammunition to our trading part-ners to consider engagement in trade wars, currency wars, competitive de-valuations, and beggar-thy-neighbor monetary policies. This isn’t what we should be shooting for with our Na-
tion’s trade policy. 
In addition to the currency language, 
there was another provision added dur-ing the markup that would require em-ployers to report occupational classi-fication data to State agencies when filing their quarterly wage reports. This is an entirely new burden that would be placed on employers through-out the country, added to all the other reporting burdens they already face, and would require brand new systems for reporting and collecting informa-tion. And in the end, it is not readily apparent just how valuable this new collected information will be. 
According to CBO, this new require-
ment would cost employers throughout the country more than $200 million be-tween 2016 and 2020. Now, that may not seem like much compared to the num-bers that get thrown around here in the Senate. But when we are talking about small businesses who struggle from month to month to cover their pay-rolls, it is a burden that, at least to me, doesn’t appear to be necessary. 
So once again, I am concerned about 
this provision and the impact it might have. However, despite the reservations I have about the flawed currency ma-nipulation concepts and language and the unfunded mandate on employers, I believe it is important that we vote to move the Customs bill forward. Over-all, this is a very good bill. A lot of work has gone into it, and I know that it reflects the priorities of a number of our colleagues and Members here in the 
Senate, including myself. That being the case, I plan to vote in favor of pass-ing this legislation later on today, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Once again, I am very glad to see 
that we are making progress on moving these bills through the Senate. I wish to thank all of my colleagues—particu-larly those on the Finance Com-mittee—who worked so hard on these bills to get them to this point. 
These are important votes we are 
going to take today. I expect that both of these bills will receive broad bipar-tisan support, and I hope they will. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING THE VICTIMS OF THE AMTRAK  
TRAIN DERAILMENT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, before 
I address the matter at hand, I want to say that our hearts go out to the fami-lies of the men and women who lost their lives as a result of the Amtrak derailment last Tuesday. There are many still fighting injuries, and our thoughts and prayers are with them and their loved ones. 
This was a commuter train. I have 
ridden it personally hundreds of times, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.015 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2906 May 14, 2015 
and it is one my colleagues have rid-
den. 
It was a train full of people on their 
way home—to their families, to their loved ones, to the things they like to do. So our thoughts go out to all of them. 
It will be our job as lawmakers to 
analyze why this happened, how we could have prevented it, and how we can best move forward to ensure such a tragedy is not repeated. Some of this is already underway. But the more press-ing task in this moment of tragedy is for us to show solidarity with the vic-tims and their families, and recognize their contributions—however large or small—to our national story. 
New York lost a few native sons and 
daughters: 
Abid Gilani, a senior vice president of 
Wells Fargo and a father of two. 
Rachel Jacobs, an industry leader in 
her field, was heading home to her hus-band and 2-year-old son as CEO of a new job at an educational software company. 
Jim Gaines, a software architect for 
the Associated Press, a beloved mem-ber of the staff, who was heading home to Plainsboro, NJ, to see his wife, 16- year-old son, and 11-year-old daughter. 
We lost Dr. Derrick Griffith, a dean 
of student affairs at Medgar Evers Col-lege in Brooklyn, just a stone’s throw away from where I live. He spent his entire adult life working to improve urban education. 
And we lost a young man named Jus-
tin Zemser, who lived in Rockaway, in my old congressional district, and was studying at the U.S. Naval Academy. He was a tremendous young man—and I know that because I nominated him to the Naval Academy. 
He was a valedictorian, an earnest 
big brother and mentor to two children with autism, as well as being captain of the varsity football team. His family mourns his loss and so does America. He would have done so much for our country. 
Today, let us remember them. To-
morrow, let us work together so that their loss is not in vain. 
Mr. President, I rise to urge my col-
leagues to support the Customs bill be-fore this body, particularly because of the strong language it contains on the crackdown on currency manipulation. 
I have spoken many times on this 
subject in the Finance Committee and here on the floor because I am pas-sionate about finally passing enforce-able mechanisms for dealing with this malicious trade tactic. Why? Because I am deeply concerned by the plight of the middle class in today’s economy, where globalization and free-trade agreements have accelerated a down-ward pressure on middle-class wages and forced entire industries to relocate to low-wage countries. 
And I believe currency manipulation 
is one of the most significant emerging trade challenges this country faces, be-cause it directly impacts wages and it directly impacts jobs. As this Congress is soon to reengage 
on a fast-track for a massive free-trade agreement, now is the time to think deeply and comprehensively about our country’s trade policy and how it im-pacts the broad middle of our economy. 
To me and many of my colleagues, it 
does not make sense to move forward on the one hand with a blank check for free trade without passing strong worker protections on a parallel track. The global economy is a rough sea. We should not pass a trade package that forces the American worker to navi-gate those waters with a leaky boat and a deflated lifejacket. 
So to me and to many of my col-
leagues, this Customs bill and the cur-rency manipulation issue is unques-tionably germane to the larger debate on trade. If the goal of TPP is to lure countries away from China, it makes perfect sense that, as part of the over-all effort with TPP, we also go after Chinese currency manipulation, as well. 
But beyond the question of relevance 
to this debate—which I believe is dis-patched easily—this bill is sub-stantively good trade policy. It con-tains several smart, balanced, effective measures to create a level playing field with our international trading part-ners. 
First and foremost, currency manipu-
lation is finally attacked head-on. Companies have asked me about this. CEOs of major companies have said to me: We cannot compete if we have one hand tied behind our back, which cur-rency manipulation does. 
Mr. President, may I ask my col-
league a question, the ranking mem-ber? 
How much time do you wish? Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague. I 
will be very brief. 
Mr. SCHUMER. How much time is 
left for the minority? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Eight 
minutes. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Seven? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Eight. Mr. SCHUMER. Would you please no-
tify me when I have taken 3 more min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes. Mr. SCHUMER. Big companies have 
been hurt. Small companies have been hurt. We have lost millions of jobs be-cause of currency manipulation, which makes the exports from China and other countries about 33 percent cheap-er and imports from America to China 33 percent more expensive. 
I would say this: China seems to feel 
they can get away with any kind of trade misdeed, whether it is stealing intellectual property by cyber security or any other means, whether it is keep-ing out the best of American products, which they do until they can learn how to make them themselves in their pro-tected market and then fight us every-where else. 
This currency bill will finally be the 
first real shot across the bow to China that you cannot keep getting away from it. Their unfair trade practices 
hurt us in low-wage industries that were very important—shoes, clothing, toys, furniture. Those industries have already suffered. But if we do nothing, it will be the cream of American indus-try where our innovation and hard work is lost to China through unfair means, currency and other, whether it is tech or pharmaceuticals. Talk to the CEOs of these companies, and they will tell you China does not play fair. Talk to them, and they will tell you that the Chinese shrug their shoulders at what we have done up until now. We must do something—if not in the TPA bill, alongside it—that shows China once and for all they cannot get away with it. I fear that if we do not, in 10 years we will be saying the same thing about the industries that we say today. The customs measure, currency measure is bipartisan. The currency measure passed our committee with an over-whelming bipartisan vote, 18 to 8, and was supported by our ranking member, which I most appreciate. It passed the Senate in 2011 with 63 votes. It passed the House of Representatives with 348 votes. And a year and a half ago, in 2013, 60 Senators sent a letter to the President imploring the inclusion of enforceable currency provisions. 
In conclusion, we have to think 
about the big picture when it comes to trade policy. If we move the ledger on one side, opening up our markets in foreign markets, we better make sure we adequately move the ledger on the other side to protect our workers, curb unfair deceptive practices, and give our small businesses the ability to compete in a global economy. 
The fate of middle-class wages, mid-
dle-class jobs, and the very economy of this country hang in the balance. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, before 
the Senator leaves the floor, I wish to also note that Senator S
CHUMER has 
provided leadership on another very important enforcement issue. He intro-duced the committee to something a number of years ago known as honey laundering. What this involved was, in effect, we set up a sting operation. In particular, with respect to Senator S
CHUMER ’s constituents and his inter-
est in tough enforcement of the trade laws, the Chinese, as my colleagues will recall, were found guilty of unfair trading practices. In effect, they would just ship honey through other coun-tries, such as Indonesia. 
I want my colleague to know I am 
going to continue to work with him on a variety of issues. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I thank the Senator. 
If I might, I thank the Senator for the great job he has done under very dif-ficult circumstances. I think everyone on both sides of the aisle appreciates Senator W
YDEN ’s intelligence, his bi-
partisanship, and his steadfastness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.016 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2907 May 14, 2015 
Mr. WYDEN. I thank the Senator. 
I am going to wrap up as we move to 
this first vote in a few minutes and come back to what this debate is all about. We are starting, of course, with the issue of trade enforcement, but the big challenge is to show this country that we are putting in place a modern trade policy, a trade policy that sets aside once and for all the NAFTA play-book of the 1990s. This overall package will usher in a new and modern Amer-ican trade policy. It must start with a tough, robust, effective trade enforce-ment package, many of the details of which I have outlined here this morn-ing. 
It is time also—and this will be part 
of our early work—to upgrade and renew our trade preference programs. The businesses and workers who rely on these programs are waiting for this Congress to act. 
The first of these proposals enhances 
and extends the African Growth and Opportunity Act, referred to as AGOA. This has been the core of a close eco-nomic partnership between our country and a host of African nations for more than a decade. The proposal before the Senate will update that partnership in a way that is positive for all involved. 
Back in the 1990s—once again return-
ing to this theme, the NAFTA era—the United States had no meaningful trade policies to help African nations facing profound economic hardship climb back from the brink. This renewal of the AGOA law takes the program to the next level. AGOA will be simpler for businesses to use. There will be less redtape to worry about. African coun-tries will be encouraged to zero in on strategies that can make the program more effective. It will be easier for the United States to crack down on the bad actors and verify that countries stay strictly in line with the criteria for eli-gibility. Most importantly, the pro-posal gives all concerned—workers, businesses, countries, and investors—a decade of certainty. 
I am a real fan of this program. I be-
lieve it works for our country, for Sub- Saharan Africa, and it ought to be a cornerstone of our economic policy in the region. 
The second part of this package of 
programs renews the program known as the generalized system of pref-erences. This is an economic win-win because it is a shot in the arm for de-veloping countries, and it is a major boost for American manufacturers, in-cluding hundreds of them in my home State. One of those businesses in Or-egon is Stackhouse Athletic in Salem, which will not only be able to create new jobs, they will be able to offer health benefits to their workers. 
The extension of GSP will save 
American businesses an estimated $2 million a day by reducing tariffs. The GSP program expired nearly 2 years ago. As a result, businesses in my home State of Oregon paid an extra $4.9 mil-lion in tariffs. Renewing GSP would correct that issue and support as many as 80,000 jobs with manufacturers, 
ports, farmers, and retail stores. That program would be extended by this leg-islation through 2017. 
Finally, the Senate has an oppor-
tunity with this legislation to reaffirm our economic commitment to Haiti, one of our closest and most disadvan-taged neighbors in the world. In my view, Senator N
ELSON of Florida has 
done very important work in this area. He has been our leader on this issue, and there is bipartisan understanding that now is the right time to extend the Haiti trade preferences to line them up with AGOA. These Haiti pref-erences also did not exist in the NAFTA era. Together, they support as many as 30,000 jobs in that country, and they help to drive investment and lift Haiti’s economy in the long term. 
I am confident the Senate will come 
together to extend this package of pref-erence programs because they make economic sense for America, and they strengthen our ties with the developing countries around the world. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation with our first vote. 
I will close by saying that today we 
begin to turn the corner on a fresh, modern trade policy for the times, a policy very different from the trade policy of the 1990s, the NAFTA era. Let’s begin this effort—begin this ef-fort—for a new 21st-century trade pol-icy by passing the legislation we will be considering shortly, both parts. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the clerk will now read the bills, as amended, for the third time. 
The amendments were ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bills to be read a third time. 
The bills were read the third time. 
VOTE ON H .R. 1295 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill, H.R. 1295, pass? 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the 
Senator from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 97, 
nays 1, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 178 Leg.] 
YEAS—97 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—1 
Lankford 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cassidy Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 60- 
vote threshold having been achieved, the bill, H.R. 1295, as amended, is passed. 
Under the previous order, the motion 
to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table. 
VOTE ON H .R. 644 
The bill having been read the third 
time, the question is, Shall the bill, H.R. 644, pass? 
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the 
Senator from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 78, 
nays 20, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 179 Leg.] 
YEAS—78 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins 
Coons Crapo Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven 
Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.018 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2908 May 14, 2015 
Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts 
Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Tester 
Thune Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—20 
Alexander Coats Corker Cornyn Cotton Cruz Daines Flake 
Gardner Heller Inhofe Johnson Lee McCain Moran 
Rubio Sasse Shelby Tillis Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cassidy Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 60- 
vote threshold having been achieved, the bill, H.R. 644, as amended, is passed. 
Under the previous order, the motion 
to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO RECONSIDER CLOTURE VOTE ON MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to pro-ceed to the motion to reconsider the vote on which cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314 is agreed to. 
Under the previous order, the time 
until 2 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, soon 
the Senate will vote once again on whether to begin debate on legislation that will help shape the future of America’s trade policy, and, in addi-tion, our role in the global economy. Needless to say, I was very dis-appointed when many of my Demo-cratic colleagues voted to block debate on these important issues earlier this week. I am hoping for a much different result this afternoon. 
This vote will set the stage for an im-
portant debate, quite likely the most significant debate that we will have in this Chamber all year. This debate will determine whether our Nation is will-ing and able to accept the challenges of the world economy or whether we con-tinue in retreat and yield to the siren song of isolationism and protectionism. 
It will determine whether we, as a 
nation, are able and willing to take the lead in setting the rules for the world economy or whether we will sit on the sidelines and let other countries create the rules that will govern trade in their regions for the foreseeable future. It should be pretty clear where I stand in this debate. 
I support free trade and open mar-
kets for U.S. exporters and job cre-ators. I support new opportunities for American farmers, ranchers, manufac-turers, service providers, and the work-ers that they all employ. I support ex-panding American influence in the most vibrant and strategic regions in 
the world. The best way for Congress to help our country achieve these goals is to renew trade promotion authority, or TPA, as soon as possible. 
That is what we will be debating, if 
this vote goes the way I hope it will. TPA is the most effective tool in the Congress’s trade arsenal. TPA ensures that Congress sets the objectives for our trade negotiators and that those negotiators will be able to reach the best deals possible. Without TPA we have no way of holding the administra-tion accountable in trade negotiations and no way of making sure our country can get a good deal. 
Getting TPA renewed is currently 
President Obama’s top legislative pri-ority. He is right and we should sup-port our President on this issue. 
As chairman of the Senate com-
mittee with jurisdiction over trade, it is a very high priority for me, as well. The TPA bill that will be brought be-fore the Senate represents a bipartisan, bicameral effort to advance our Na-tion’s trade interests. 
The legislation we will be debating 
will also include provisions to reau-thorize trade adjustment assistance, or TAA, which I know is a high priority for many of my colleagues. It has taken a long time, a lot of work, and no small amount of compromise to get us to this point. People from both par-ties have put in enormous efforts just to get a chance to have this debate here on the Senate floor. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
their work thus far in this effort, but also to remind them that we are not there yet. Now, I am well aware that not all of my colleagues share my views on trade. I expect that they will make those views abundantly clear in the coming days, as they should. But to do that, we need to begin that debate. I am looking forward to it. The Amer-ican people deserve a spirited debate on these issues. 
Of course, they deserve an oppor-
tunity to see this Chamber function like the great deliberative body that it once was and under the current leader-ship is becoming again. Put simply, the obstruction has gone on long enough. It is time to get down to the serious business of legislating. I hope we can begin or continue that process today by voting in favor of the motion to pro-ceed. I encourage all of my colleagues to do that so that we can get on this bill, debate it, have a full-fledged de-bate, and let the chips fall where they may. 
If we do, I think we will all feel a lot 
better about what goes on around this place. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE .) The Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
respectfully disagree with my friend from Utah. Let me urge all Members to vote against what I believe to be a dis-astrous trade agreement, a trade agree-ment based on other trade agreements, which, in fact, have cost us millions of 
decent-paying jobs and have led to a race to the bottom. 
Let me just briefly give four rea-
sons—and there are many more. But let me just focus on four objective rea-sons why we should defeat this fast- track legislation and why we need to develop a whole new approach to trade that benefits American workers rather than just the CEOs of large multi-national corporations. 
Reason No. 1, this unfettered free- 
trade agreement with Vietnam, Malay-sia, and 10 other countries follows in the footsteps of disastrous trade agree-ments such as NAFTA, CAFTA, Perma-nent Normal Trade Relations with China, and the South Korea Free Trade Agreement. 
Any objective look at these trade 
agreements will tell us that they have cost us millions of decent-paying jobs and have led us to a race to the bot-tom, where American workers are forced to compete against workers in low-wage countries who are making pennies an hour. 
Over and over again, supporters of 
these types of trade agreements have told us about how many jobs they would create, how beneficial it would be for the middle class and working class of this country. But over and over again, virtually everything they told us turned out to be wrong, and they are wrong again in terms of the TPP. 
In 1993, President Bill Clinton prom-
ised that NAFTA would create 1 mil-lion American jobs in 5 years. Instead, NAFTA has led to the loss of almost 700,000 jobs. In 1999, we were promised that Permanent Normal Trade Rela-tions with China would open the Chi-nese economy to American-made goods and services. Instead, as everybody who goes shopping knows—when you buy product after product made in China— that trade agreement has cost us some 2.7 million American jobs. I remember hearing all the accolades about free trade with China. They all turned out to be wrong. 
In 2011, the U.S. Chamber of Com-
merce told us that the South Korea Free Trade Agreement would create some 280,000 jobs. Well, wrong again— instead, that agreement has led to the loss of some 75,000 jobs. 
The reason for all of this is very sim-
ple. Why would an American corpora-tion invest in this country, pay Amer-ican workers 15, 18, 20 bucks an hour, provide health care, have to obey envi-ronmental regulations, and deal with trade unions, when they can go abroad, 
pay people pennies an hour, and not have to worry about the environment. That is, of course, what has happened. 
These trade agreements have failed. 
TPP is based on these principles. It will be another failure. We should re-ject it for that reason. 
Second point, in politics it is always 
interesting and important to know whose side different groups are on. You can learn a lot by who is supporting an agreement and by who is opposing the agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.002 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2909 May 14, 2015 
Well, let’s talk about who is sup-
porting the TPP. It turns out that vir-tually every major multinational cor-poration, including many that have shut down plants in the United States and moved abroad—all of these multi-nationals think the TPP is a great idea. I am sure I can understand why it will be a great program for them. It will only accelerate their ability to shut down plants in America and move to low-wage countries abroad. 
There is another group that is ac-
tively pushing for us to vote for the TPP. That is the pharmaceutical in-dustry. As I think every American knows, the drug companies in this country charge our people here the highest prices in the world for prescrip-tion drugs, but they love this legisla-tion. They just love it because they think as a result of this legislation, they will be able to charge people all over the world, including in very poor countries, higher prices for their prod-ucts. 
Wall Street—surprise of all sur-
prises—Wall Street loves this agree-ment. As we all remember, not so many years ago, the greed, reckless-ness, and illegal behavior of Wall Street caused the most significant eco-nomic recession since the Great De-pression. But Wall Street loves this legislation because it will make it easi-er for them to sell esoteric, com-plicated financial products all over the world. 
So those are some of the groups that 
think this legislation is wonderful, that we should vote for it. 
Which are the groups and the organi-
zations that oppose this legislation? Well, it turns out that every trade union in this country, unions rep-resenting over 20 million American workers, unions that are fighting every single day to get workers higher wages, better pay, better health care, are in strong opposition to this legislation. 
This is what the trade union move-
ment has to say about TPP: 
Fast Track trade deals mean fewer jobs, 
lower wages, and a declining middle class. Fast Track has been used since the Nixon Administration to advance deals, like NAFTA, that are sold to the American peo-ple as job creation measures. But these deals, written largely by and for the world’s largest corporations, don’t create jobs; their main purpose isn’t even related to trade, it’s to enshrine rules that make it easier for firms to invest offshore and increase cor-porate influence over the global economy. 
That is what the trade union move-
ment in this country believes about this agreement. But it is not only the trade union movement that has op-posed the TPP. Virtually every major environmental and scientific group in this country, groups such as the League of Conservation Voters, the Si-erra Club, the Natural Resources De-fense Council, the Union of Concerned Scientists, Friends of the Earth, Greenpeace, and 350.org oppose this legislation. This is what the environ-mental organizations have written about this bill: As leading U.S. environmental and science 
organizations, we write to express our strong opposition to ‘‘fast track’’ trade promotion authority and to urge you to oppose any leg-islation that would limit the ability of Con-gress to ensure that trade pacts deliver bene-fits for communities, workers, public health, and the environment. 
So we have trade union organizations 
representing some 20 million American workers that say we should not go for-ward with this agreement. We have or-ganizations representing millions of people in the environmental commu-nity that say we should not go forward with this legislation. 
Then we have religious groups, such 
as the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), the United Methodist Church, and the Sisters of Mercy, that also are oppos-ing this legislation. This is what they have written: 
As people of faith, we call on all nations 
and government to uphold the dignity of all people. Yet modern trade agreements have harmed people, especially the most vulner-able in the United States and globally. . . . Trade, like the rest of the economy, must be a means of lifting people out of poverty and ensure a country’s ability to protect the health, safety and wellbeing of their citizens and the planet. In recognition of your sacred task of stewardship over people and policies, we ask you to oppose fast track trade pro-motion authority for any trade agreement currently being negotiated. 
So, on the one hand, you have all of 
the big-money organizations. You have every major multinational corporation in America. You have Wall Street, and you have the pharmaceutical industry. They say: Vote for this legislation. 
On the other side, you have unions 
representing millions of Americans. You have environmental organizations representing millions more Americans, and you have religious organizations who say: Wait a second. This fast-track trade agreement may not be a good idea. Vote no. 
So on the one hand, you have groups 
whose motivation is greed and profit, and on the other hand, you have orga-nizations trying to protect working people, trying to protect the environ-ment, trying to uphold basic religious values about human dignity saying no. Well, which side should we be on? I say we stand with those who are concerned about workers’ rights, the environ-ment, and moral values. 
Let me give you another reason why 
we should oppose this trade agree-ment—and this is a provision that has gotten far too little attention—and that is the investor-state dispute set-tlement. That sounds like a highly technical term. What in God’s Name does that mean? But let me try to ex-plain what it does mean. What it does mean in English is that it would allow large multinational corporations to sue national, State, and local govern-ments—not only in the United States but all over the world—if those govern-ments pass legislation that hurts their expected future profits. 
This, to me, is exactly about what 
this whole agreement stands for. It is not for raising wages or creating jobs. It is to protect corporate profits. And, 
unbelievably, what this legislation is prepared to do is to undermine basic democracy in terms of what local com-munities around the world, States in the United States, and national gov-ernments do—whether it is the United States or any other government—if that undermines future profits of large multinational corporations. That is really extraordinary. 
I thought that our job, as Members of 
the Senate, and the job of people in Australia who represent their govern-ment and people democratically elect-ed all over the world—I had the idea that maybe their function was to rep-resent, as best they could, the needs of the people who voted for them. I guess that is a radical and crazy idea. 
What this bill says is that if legisla-
tion is passed by people who are demo-cratically elected, those decisions— that legislation—can be brought to an independent tribunal, and those coun-tries could have to pay huge fines if the legislation, which might protect health care or might protect the environment, undermines future profits of multi-national corporations. 
What an attack—not only on health 
and the environment—but it is an at-tack on the fundamental tenets of de-mocracy. Our job is not to worry about future corporate profits. Our job is to worry about the needs of the American people. That is what elected govern-ments all over the world are supposed to do. 
Let me give you some examples—be-
cause we have not talked about this— of what is already going on around the world based on similar language to what will be in the TPP if we vote for it—similar language. 
This is maybe the most outrageous 
example that I can give you, but there are many others. Philip Morris, one of the large tobacco companies in the world, is suing both Australia and Uru-guay over labeling requirements for cigarettes. 
Uruguay is this little country, and 
what they have done is they have been very aggressive in trying to protect their children and their people from the very harmful impacts of smoking. 
Now, you know what. I happen to 
think that is a good thing. I think in America and all over the world we should do everything that we can to make sure that our kids are not hooked on nicotine and do not have to suffer heart disease, cancer, emphy-sema, and all of the other diseases re-lated to smoking. I think our govern-ment should be very vigorous. We have done some things in our country. I think we should do more. 
Uruguay, a little tiny country whose 
President turns out to be an oncologist, a guy who is worried about cancer, was trying to do everything it could to try to keep the kids in Uru-guay from getting hooked on ciga-
rettes. And what happened to Uruguay? Well, they were taken to this inde-pendent tribunal, composing, as I un-derstand it, of three corporate lawyers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.023 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2910 May 14, 2015 
because Philip Morris said: Hey, Uru-
guay, you are impacting our future profits. We want to get kids hooked onto nicotine. We want to sell our 
products to kids and to the people of Uruguay. By fighting us, passing legis-lation, and doing things that will make it harder for kids to smoke, you are ru-ining our profits. 
This case is now resting in an inde-
pendent tribunal. How insane is that— that a country trying to protect its kids from getting cancer is being sued by Philip Morris because it might cost them profits? So this is not only a health issue—in this case of cancer pre-vention—but this is an issue of basic democracy. 
Do the people of Uruguay, do the peo-
ple of Australia, do the people of any country have a right to be very vig-orous in protecting the health of their kids and their citizens without wor-rying about being sued by a cigarette manufacturer that is trying to poison these kids with deadly products. 
So this is not only a health issue, it 
is a basic democratic issue, and if Phil-ip Morris wins this case, it will be sending a message to every government in the world that they can’t be aggres-sive in doing things to protect their kids from cigarettes. 
That is one example. Let me give an-
other equally outrageous example. Under this investor-state provision, a French waste management firm— Veolia—is suing for $110 million under the France-Egypt bilateral investment treaty over changes to Egypt’s labor laws, including an increase in the min-imum wage. 
Now, let me be honest. I know noth-
ing about Egypt’s minimum wage, but I do think Egypt and every other coun-try on Earth has a right to raise its minimum wage, if they think it makes sense, without worrying about being sued by some company that will have to pay higher wages. How crazy is that? So, again, not being terribly knowl-edgeable about domestic policies in Egypt, the idea that they are being sued for the crime of raising their min-imum wage is, to me, beyond com-prehension. 
Again, this is just an example of 
what is happening now and what will only happen in an accelerated manner if we pass this agreement, but let me give one last example. 
A Swedish energy company called 
Vattenfall launched a $5 billion lawsuit over Germany’s decision to phase out nuclear power. This initiative was im-plemented in response to the Fukushima disaster. Germany, last I knew, was an independent country, with an elected government, and they made a decision to phase out nuclear energy. Some people think it is a good idea, some think it is a bad idea, but last I heard that should be a decision of the German Government and the peo-ple who elected that government. The elected officials of Germany are not dummies. I presume they do what their people want them to do or they pay the political consequence. But that was the decision of the 
elected officials of Germany. They said: Let’s phase out nuclear power. Yet now they are being sued by a Swed-ish energy company, Vattenfall, for some $5 billion because they made that decision. 
Now, that is just what is going on 
right now. Think about what that means into the future. It means any government around the world or in this trade agreement, it means any State in the United States—if my State of Vermont, which is sensitive to the en-vironment, decides to go forward on an environmental piece of legislation, some large corporation can go to an independent tribunal and say: Look, we are going to sue Vermont for $1 billion because we wanted to do business there and their environmental regulations are impacting our ability to make a profit. That undermines what the State of Vermont or the State of Georgia or any other State chooses to do. 
To me, it is just beyond comprehen-
sion that anybody would vote for that type of legislation. We can disagree with what they do in Egypt or disagree with what they do in Uruguay, we can disagree with what we do here, but to say an independent tribunal can pro-vide billions of dollars in damages to a corporation because of a democrat-ically made decision in the United States or any other country around the world is, to me, just incomprehensible. 
The last point I would want to make 
deals with a health issue. Clearly, one of the health crises we face not only in America but around the world is the high cost of prescription drugs. In our country, if my memory is correct, some 25 percent of Americans who re-ceive prescriptions from doctors are unable to afford to fill those prescrip-tions—someone goes to the doctor who diagnoses that individual and writes out a script, and the person says thank you very much but doesn’t have the money to fill that script. It is bad in this country, but obviously it is much worse in very, very poor countries around the world. 
What this agreement will do, among 
other things, if it is passed, is allow pharmaceutical companies to fight back against their brand-name prod-ucts being converted into generics at much lower prices, so poor countries all over the world would have to strug-gle to come up with very high prices for medicine for people who don’t have a whole lot of money. 
In fact, that is why Doctors Without 
Borders has said—and Doctors Without Borders, as you may know, is a heroic group of doctors who, whenever there is a health care crisis around the world—whether it is Ebola in Africa or whatever—travel to those places and put their lives on the line. Some have died to provide medical treatment in the most difficult of circumstances to the poorest people around the world. They are really a heroic group of peo-ple. But Doctors Without Borders has said: ‘‘The TPP agreement is on track to become the most harmful trade pact 
ever for access to medicines in devel-oping countries.’’ 
So to my mind, the vote we are going 
to have in a short time is really a no- brainer. Are we dumb enough to con-tinue down the road of failed trade policies? I would hope not. Do we think it is a good idea to be siding with cor-porate America, which has already used previous trade agreements to outsource millions of our jobs and thinks this agreement is just wonder-ful? Are we going to stand with Wall Street, whose greed has no limits? Are we going to stand with the pharma-ceutical industry, which wants to sell drugs to people all over the world at a higher price or do we stand with unions, environmental groups, reli-gious groups? Do we get involved in a trade agreement which allows corpora-tions to undermine the democratic rights of countries that stand up for their environment, stand up for the health and well-being of their kids? Do we make it harder for poor people around the world to get the medicines they need? 
This is a no-brainer. I would hope 
Members of the Senate send a resound-ing note to the corporate world that says you can’t have it all; that we are going to pass trade agreements which protect working families, which pro-tect the middle class, and which pro-tect struggling people all over the world and we are going to vote no on fast-track and no on the TPP. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, the ne-
gotiating process has finally worked. Indeed, the spirit of four bills that passed the Finance Committee last week on this issue of trade—the spirit of that overwhelming bipartisan vote in the Finance Committee has now been carried out on the floor of the Senate and, in fact, is being carried out and will be so as we invoke the motion for cloture to go to the bill in the next vote that will occur in 30 minutes. 
Certainly, trade preferences with re-
gard to African countries, plus the trade preferences with regard to the poorest nation in the Western Hemi-sphere, Haiti, were not controversial at all. We passed that. 
Certainly, the intent was that the 
safeguards we put in with regard to considering trade legislation put them on a Customs bill. That was intended to go along with the trade legislation, and now that has passed. Remember, all of this was bollixed up 2 or 3 days ago and we weren’t going anywhere, but cooler minds prevailed and brought everybody together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.024 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2911 May 14, 2015 
Now we go to the main event. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
for the minority has expired. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. I am very grateful to 
my colleague from Alabama for allow-ing me to do that. 
Mr. President, the main event is the 
combined two bills of trade adjustment assistance, which is, if there is a dis-ruption in a local economy or in a par-ticular trade as a result of new inter-national trade arrangements, there will be extra training for those workers to be trained into another job so they have a livelihood—that is common sense. That is combined with the other main event, which is a procedure to fast-track, ultimately, the two trade bills that are being negotiated by the United States, one in the Pacific area, the other one with Europe. 
Fast-track means that when those 
trade bills come to the Congress for ap-proval or disapproval, it will be done with an up-or-down vote. In other words, they can’t be pecked to death with hundreds of amendments. That is why it is called fast-track. We are get-ting to the point where we are going to pass this as we get into the consider-ation of this legislation and amend-ments that will be coming to it. 
At the end of the day, this Senator is 
quite confident we will be able to pass the fast-track, and it will have this Senator’s support. Why? Simply be-cause this Senator believes these trade agreements are in the interest of the United States. 
I would conclude by saying that if we 
take, for example, the potential Pacific agreement, our military commanders have told us that, in fact, it is one of the best things we could do to get this trade agreement so China can’t get in the economic door before the United States. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be notified after 12 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair will so notify the Senator. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
think that as we consider these trade agreements, it is appropriate that we recognize the importance of free trade, how it helps the world and helps the economy, and it is something I cer-tainly support and have supported on a number of occasions in the past, in-cluding the last big trade bill, the Ko-rean trade bill. I generally support—I actually do support the idea of com-parative advantage, the gist of which is that if a nation can produce a product and sell it cheaper in another country, people over time will benefit from al-lowing that country’s product to enter the country and being able to buy it at a lower price. That is comparative ad-vantage, and I think it is sound in prin-
ciple and generally sound in practice. 
But the American workers are not 
doing well now. Wages have not in-creased since 2000—15 years. We have been down $3,000 in median family in-come since 2009 and still down $3,000. We have the lowest percentage of Americans in working years actually working today since the 1970s. So this is not a healthy environment for Amer-icans. The market has done pretty well. Revenues and profits are holding pretty well, but the average American working person is not doing so well. 
So what has happened? Is there a 
problem with currency manipulation, state-owned enterprises, subsidized for-eign industries, people who dump prod-ucts here below market cost or right at market cost being subsidized and sup-ported by foreign countries? Do those alter the situation? Do they make it impossible for American businesses to compete, and if they go out of business, will our government bail them out in any way? We had one bailout after the financial collapse, but businesses are closing every day and they are not being bailed out today. We have seen substantial reductions in manufac-turing around the country. 
The Wall Street Journal just this 
week published an article, ‘‘The Case of the Vanishing Worker.’’ That was in Monday’s Wall Street Journal. It talked about the city of Decatur, IL, and detailed how their unemployment rate had gotten as high as 14 percent and it had dropped to almost half of that. It dropped down to almost half of that, so that looked pretty good, but when they looked at the numbers, they weren’t so good. 
What did they find? Even though the 
unemployment rate had fallen to al-most half, how many people were actu-ally working? Well, the answer was 8 percent fewer. So how can the unem-ployment rate fall and the number of people actually working fall at the same time? The answer is, as the arti-cle said, that people are moving away; they are dropping out of the workforce entirely; they are taking early retire-ment. That is what is happening too often in America. 
So I think it is important for us to 
ask, how are these trade agreements benefiting the nation? How are they impacting American people? Let’s ask some questions about it. 
I asked the President questions on 
that. I sent him a letter, and I asked him a series of questions relating to wages. Will this trade agreement im-prove job prospects? Will it improve or make worse our trade deficits? Well, he hasn’t answered those questions. 
So I ask my colleagues: Has anybody 
demanded the Commerce Department, the Treasury Department, the adminis-tration to produce data to show that if we enter into another agreement in-volving 40 percent of the world’s econ-omy, involving some of our most capa-ble and rigorous and toughest mer-cantilist competitors, what will it do to the American workers’ prospects? Is 
that a fair question to ask? We haven’t seen any discussion of it, so far as I can tell. And let me tell you what the rea-son is. 
Well, first, I will say this: I believe 
unfair trade competition is real. We talk to people out there every day, and they tell us about it. Dan DiMicco, former CEO of Nucor Steel, has one of his plants in Alabama. They have plants all over the country. He said that these trade agreements are in ef-fect unilateral American trade disar-mament and they enable foreign mer-cantilism. In other words, what he is saying is that we have acquiesced to the mercantilist nationalism emphasis of our trading partners. And why is that? Well, I figured it out. It has taken me a while to understand ex-actly what the theory is behind these trade agreements, and I don’t believe I am in error when I discuss this. 
Ross Kaminsky, writing in the Amer-
ican Spectator—a fine magazine— wrote a fine piece arguing for this TPA and the trade agreement. He was over-whelmingly saying it must be passed virtually regardless of what is in it. 
I have to say his position is con-
sistent with the position of the edi-torial page of the Wall Street Journal and many other economists, and we have to understand what it is. And I am losing confidence in this position. I am not sure it is a good position. As a matter of fact, I don’t think it is. Maybe I am wrong, but I don’t think it is. 
This is what he says on trade: 
It bears repeating—and repeating and re-
peating and repeating—that the benefit to American consumers of free trade is so large that it must trump any parochial interest of a particular industry or labor union or poli-tician. 
Because they lower the prices of imports, 
and even understanding that there will be a few losers, free trade agreements are almost always worth supporting regardless of what is offered to American exporters by the for-eign trade partner. 
Let me repeat that. He said they are 
almost always worthy of being entered into regardless of what is offered to the American exporters by the foreign trade partner. 
I remember, as a skilled business-
man, when I first came to the Senate, and Alan Greenspan, Chairman of the Federal Reserve, was before me. I was kind of nervous about it—a big maestro of the economy. 
I asked him a simple question: Mr. 
Greenspan, what if a country wants to trade with us, wants to sell products to us but will buy zero products from us? They just want to sell to us but will buy nothing in return. Should we enter into a trade agreement with them? 
What do you think he answered? I 
used to ask people in townhalls about this on occasion, and they would say he said no. But, but he said yes. 
I am telling you, this is the move-
ment—the mentality of the current trade agreement supporters, at least in the intellectual, corporate world and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.027 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2912 May 14, 2015 
the newspaper world and many within 
universities, certainly not all. 
So is this a valid position? Are we 
subjecting our American people un-fairly to competition that could cost jobs and so forth? 
Well, I am losing confidence in those 
views. That is all I am saying, col-leagues. And I think it is time for us to analyze what it means. 
I would say that the steel industry of 
the United States is not a little bitty matter. Right now, U.S. Steel closed a big plant I think in Indiana or Ohio. They just laid off a thousand or so workers in Alabama. SSAB Steel in Alabama says they are facing ferocious dumping, it is threatening their mar-ket share and their ability to make the most modern plant in the world com-petitive, and they don’t think it is fair. 
How long do you have to sustain this 
to have dealt substantial damage to the American steel industry? Don’t we 
need a steel industry? Where would steelworkers get jobs? They say: Well, they can take service jobs. Well, maybe so. Maybe they can work at the plumb-ing company. Maybe they can work at a hospital. Maybe they can work in a nursing home. Maybe there is other work that can be found. But at some point, do we not need a manufacturing capability that provides a lot more than a service job—manufacturing ca-pabilities, for example, that provide de-mand for products, demand for sup-plies, demand for workers who supply those plants and have ripple effects much larger than a person just repair-ing faucets. I think we have to ask that question in a very serious way. 
I said earlier I voted for the Korean 
trade pact. I did not have a lot of trou-ble voting for that at the time. I thought it was going to be fine. Maybe it is OK. Maybe the pact is going to be, sometime in the future, positive for the United States. 
The Koreans, like the Japanese, are 
good trading people. They are allies around the world on security agree-ments. I am not putting the Koreans down. The Koreans are tough trade ne-gotiators. They have a mercantilist philosophy. 
What happened before that agree-
ment was passed? President Obama promised that the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement would increase U.S. goods exports to Korea by $10 billion to $11 billion. However, since the deal was ratified in 2012, I believe it was, our ex-ports rose only $0.8 billion—less than $1 billion, not $10 billion. Does that make any difference? 
We just bring in from abroad and our 
trading partners don’t allow exports abroad? What about the Korean im-
ports to the United States? They rose more than $12 billion, widening our trade gap, almost doubling our trade. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has used 12 minutes. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I be-
lieve I had up to 15 to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
still time until 2. We are just notifying you of the 12 minutes. Mr. SESSIONS. I see my colleague 
from Louisiana. If he is ready to speak, I will wrap up. 
Mr. VITTER. I do not desire to 
speak. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I will wrap up, Mr. 
President. 
What about the Census Department’s 
report on the U.S. trade deficit of South Korea? They found it has almost doubled since the passage of the agree-ment. In 2011, the United States had a $13.2 billion trade deficit with South Korea—not a healthy relationship there—but in 2014, it was $25 billion. 
Furthermore, the deficit is currently 
66 percent higher so far this year than it was at the same point last year. March was the largest trade deficit we have had in a very long time. The first quarter, we had a huge deficit. I believe the March trade deficit was the largest worldwide that we have had in over 6 years. It was almost the highest ever. 
I am going to support moving for-
ward to discuss this trade bill. There will be some amendments that I would seek to offer. If that is the will of the Congress, those will pass; if not, they will not pass. But fundamentally I do believe it is time for the American peo-ple to expect their political leaders to give them some real analysis about what the results of these trade agree-ments are going to be. Will it help raise wages? Will it create increasing job prospects? Would it increase or reduce our trade deficit? Trade deficits rep-resent a drain and a negative pull on the American economy. Some say they do not make much difference, but they do. It does impact adversely GDP. With regard to those questions, I think we need some answers. I will be asking those as we go forward. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama is recognized. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I wish 
to share a few more thoughts with my colleagues. 
In 2014, net exports—net exports sub-
tracted 1.5 percent from fourth-quarter GDP. That is a lot. GDP growth in the fourth quarter was subtracted by—ex-cuse me, 1.15 percent. That is more than $500 billion. That is enough to fund a highway reauthorization pro-gram for a long time. 
The problem is that in the short run, 
Americans tend to be losing jobs as a result of trade agreements; whereas, long-term unemployed people have a difficult time finding work. I would say I believe in trade, but it is not a reli-gion with me. I believe it is a religion when somebody says that you should enter into a trade agreement with any-body, opening your markets totally without demanding anything in return for that. 
I have to tell you, as I just read from 
others—it is clearly the policy of the Wall Street Journal—that is good pol-icy, that you should enter into a trade agreement whether or not your partner will allow you to sell anything at all to them. I say good negotiations in a con-tract are, which a trade negotiation is, 
if we open our markets, our competi-tors ought to open theirs sufficiently. Too often we have the problems that arise from nontariff barriers that are impacting the ability of American businesses to sell products in their country. So even if they reduce their tariff, their ability to sell products is blocked by other nontariff matters, all of which I think we can discuss in the weeks to come. 
Let’s be sure we understand where 
this trade agreement is taking us, what the philosophy and approach behind it is, and let’s be sure it serves the inter-ests of the American people first. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that we start the vote now, 5 minutes earlier than we planned. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, the motion 
to reconsider the vote on which cloture was not invoked on the motion to pro-ceed to H.R. 1314 is agreed to. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
Mitch McConnell, Bob Corker, Joni 
Ernst, Bill Cassidy, John Cornyn, Thad Cochran, Shelley Moore Capito, Deb Fischer, John McCain, James Lankford, Patrick J. Toomey, Roy Blunt, Ron Johnson, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, David Vitter, Ben Sasse. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsideration? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.028 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2913 May 14, 2015 
The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the 
Senator from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 65, 
nays 33, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 180 Leg.] 
YEAS—65 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott 
Sessions Shaheen Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—33 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cardin Casey Donnelly Durbin Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cassidy Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 65, the nays are 33. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative upon reconsideration, the motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from New Hampshire. 
f 
DON’T TAX OUR FALLEN PUBLIC 
SAFETY HEROES ACT 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 606, the Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 606) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed; that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 606) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I am 
very honored to be here today with my colleague from New Hampshire, Sen-ator S
HAHEEN . We worked together on 
this important bill that has just passed the Senate and had previously passed the House of Representatives. 
This week is National Police Week. 
We were honored to receive law en-forcement officers representing more than 20 agencies in New Hampshire, in-cluding the Brentwood police chief and many members of his department. They are here joining thousands of offi-cers and families of law enforcement to remember and honor those who have given the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty to keep the rest of us safe. 
Last night during a candlelight vigil, 
273 fallen officers from across the Na-tion whose names were added this week to the national memorial were hon-ored, including Officer Stephen Arkell from New Hampshire, from the Brent-wood Police Department, who lost his life in the line of duty a year ago Tues-day. Our thoughts and prayers con-tinue to be with Officer Arkell’s family and with the Brentwood Police Depart-ment. 
Unfortunately, more than a year 
after his death, his family is still wait-ing for their survivor benefits. We are here today to discuss the bill that was just passed by the Senate—H.R. 606, the Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety He-roes Act—which Senator S
HAHEEN and 
I worked on together. 
Recently, Senator S HAHEEN and I had 
the opportunity to sit down and have a roundtable with many law enforcement officers, fire chiefs and firefighters from our State. We heard many of the challenges that the families of those law enforcement officers and fire-fighters who lost their lives in the line of duty face to get the survivor bene-fits that they should receive. 
One of those challenges is the fact 
that while survivor benefits for the families of our fallen firefighters and law enforcement officers are tax free, unfortunately, ambiguity in the tax has forced families to apply for private letter rulings from the IRS to have that clarified. Our bill will ensure that they no longer have to go through this bureaucratic step when it comes to their survivors’ benefits. 
It ensures that the benefits their sur-
vivors receive for the sacrifice they have made are not taxed under the In-ternal Revenue Code. These benefits are intended to help those families and make sure that when they go through this incredibly tragic loss, they are able to continue with their lives. 
I thank Congressman E
RIKPAULSEN  
from Minnesota for working with us to get this bill passed through the House of Representatives. 
I also thank Senators T
OOMEY and 
CARDIN for their work in the Senate Fi-
nance Committee to pass this legisla-tion and Senate Finance Committee Chairman H
ATCH and Ranking Member 
WYDEN for their work to help get this 
important legislation passed. 
I most of all thank my colleague Sen-
ator S HAHEEN because this issue is so 
important to law enforcement officers and firefighters in New Hampshire. Our public safety officers who go out every single day on our behalf—every hour, every holiday, every weekend—to make sure we are safe. When, unfortunately, we lose one of them in the line of duty, as we experienced in New Hampshire too recently, we want to make sure those families are taken care of. That is what this bill does—it makes sure that those families do not have to wait to receive benefits they should receive and that they do not have to go through a rigamarole with the IRS to make sure these benefits are not taxed. 
I also want to mention that, in New 
Hampshire, not only did we unfortu-nately lose Patrolman Stephen Arkell a year ago, but in 2012 we also lost Greenland Chief of Police Mike Malo-ney, who was about to retire. Both of those families have been down here for National Police Week. Our prayers con-tinue to be with their families and the families of every single law enforce-ment officer and firefighter who makes sure we are safe every single day. 
I am so glad this legislation passed 
during National Police Week. We are going to continue to work together to make sure that the families of public safety officers that lose their lives in the line of duty do not have to go through any bureaucratic red tape to get their survivor benefits. 
I want to thank Senator S
HAHEEN for 
her work on this issue. 
I yield to Senator S HAHEEN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
CAPITO ). The Senator from New Hamp-
shire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
am very pleased to be here to join my colleague Senator A
YOTTE in applaud-
ing the passage in both the House and the Senate—today in the Senate—of H.R. 606, the Don’t Tax Our Fallen Pub-lic Safety Heroes Act. 
As Senator A
YOTTE said so elo-
quently, this is legislation we have worked on for over a year. It was first introduced in the last Congress. Now, it is finally on its way to the Presi-dent’s desk to become law, and it couldn’t be happening at a more impor-tant time. 
This is National Police Week, but 
maybe more important for New Hamp-shire, this week we celebrate the mem-ory of Officer Stephen Arkell of Brent-wood. He was killed in the line of duty just a year ago this week. Last night, Officer Arkell’s name was added to the Roll of Honor of police officers killed in the line of duty at the National Law Enforcement Memorial in Washington, DC. 
Officer Arkell was not only a terrific 
police officer, he was a very good and decent man. As I read in one news-paper, he was the kind of police officer who would rather write a warning than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.031 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2914 May 14, 2015 
a ticket, and he aimed to end fights 
with words instead of handcuffs. 
Well, it has been a full year since we 
lost Officer Arkell. We don’t forget, and we will never forget his example of courageous public service. Day in and day out, our public safety officers, our police, our firefighters, and their fami-lies make enormous sacrifices. 
Now, family members fully under-
stand the dangers of their spouses’ jobs. They live with that constant worry. But when the worst happens in the line of duty to a loved one, the last thing a surviving family should have to worry about is navigating the Federal Tax Code. For too long, families of po-lice officers and firefighters killed in the line of duty have had to wrangle with the IRS to exempt death benefits from taxation. They have had to hire lawyers and wait years for a ruling from the IRS and, in the meantime, their urgently needed benefits are held up. 
This is just unacceptable, and today 
it ends. Thankfully, the House and Senate have passed a bill to exempt these death benefits from taxation, ending any ambiguity that may have existed. So this is legislation that should not just help the Arkell family, but it should help families across this country. 
I applaud the work of my colleague 
Senator A
YOTTE on this bill, all of our 
colleagues in the Senate who have helped to make this happen and also those in the House who understood the need to help support our fallen public safety heroes. When the President signs this bill into law, this problem will finally be cleared up once and for all. 
Again, I thank my colleague Senator 
A
YOTTE for all of her work on this 
issue. I am delighted it is finally done and look forward to making sure it gets implemented in a way that con-tinues to support the surviving fami-lies. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, be-
fore I speak on the trade legislation— and the distinguished chairman of the committee is on the floor as well—I wish to note that the Finance Com-mittee, under the leadership of Chair-man H
ATCH , has already passed a 
version of this important legislation. 
Now we have taken up the House 
bill—our companion legislation. I con-gratulate both of my colleagues. Sen-ator S
HAHEEN has talked to me about 
this a number of times. I know Senator A
YOTTE is very interested in it as well. 
I congratulate both of them. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED—Re-sumed 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, if I 
could make my remarks about trade, Chairman H
ATCH has graciously al-lowed me to make a few comments at 
this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, with 
the votes that have been cast today in the Senate, the Senate has begun to de-velop a powerful and bipartisan mes-sage that the trade policy of the 1990s will be unacceptable in 2015. 
The Customs and Enforcement pack-
age passed this morning goes a long way toward breaking new ground. We will be talking about the final two ele-ments of the overall trade package, trade promotion authority, and trade adjustment assistance. But until we are done with this debate, I will be re-ferring to the chart next to me because what we will be outlining are all of the specific areas that demonstrate that this legislation is going to finally put the 1990s and NAFTA in the rearview mirror and fix many of its flaws. 
For example, in the NAFTA era, 
American priorities, like rights for working families and environmental protection, were an afterthought, and they were stuck in unenforceable side agreements. With this legislation, they will be bedrock elements of future trade agreements. Back in those NAFTA days, the United States pretty much just asked our trading partners to enforce their own labor and environ-mental laws, and then we sort of hoped for the best. 
The trade promotion act says that if 
a trading partner’s laws fall short, they are going to be required to pass new laws to fix the problem, and for the first time, these labor and environ-mental protections will be fully en-forceable, enforceable because they are backed by the threat of trade sanc-tions. 
So the NAFTA-era policies, col-
leagues, had no teeth. In effect, this legislation raises the global bar on labor rights and environmental protec-tion. 
We are going to hear a lot about how 
somehow this is just more of the same, and it is going to promote a race to the bottom. What we intend to spell out in the days ahead is how this creates new momentum to push our standards up, rather than promote a race to the bot-
tom. 
For the first time, I wish to note— 
with the support of our colleagues, the outstanding work done by our col-league from Maryland, B
ENCARDIN — 
now human rights will be a negotiating objective for our future trade agree-ments. 
Back in the NAFTA era, the United 
States fought for intellectual property protection for drugmakers, but nobody was trying to do much of anything to look for people stuck in hardship around the world who needed access to affordable medicine. That also will change with this legislation. 
The old NAFTA playbook was writ-
ten in a time when cell phones were about as big as bricks and Internet commerce was still a dream. Today, it is right at the heart of our economy. So our new approach to trade is 
going to help cement American leader-ship in the digital economy. Even now, in 2015, you have repressive govern-ments in China, Russia, and elsewhere building digital walls that block the free flow of information and commerce online. If that trend continues, it would chop the Internet up into small, country-sized pieces. In my view, the Internet is the shipping lane of the 21st century, and products sent around the world in bits and bytes are just as im-portant as products packaged into shipping containers and sent across the oceans. I strongly believe this is the best chance to fix what NAFTA got wrong and introduce a new day in 
American trade policy. 
The only way for our country to de-
fend an open Internet, promote access to affordable medicine, protect our val-ues on labor standards, environmental protections, and human rights is to fight for them as part of our trade ne-gotiations. Certainly nobody else is going to pick up the American banner and fight for those kinds of progressive American values in the way we can. In fact, it is my view that if our country fails to lead the way, it will be China that steps in to write rules, rules that very likely could hurt American work-ers and our exporters. So we have to engage with modern, progressive trade policies and with a higher bar for trade agreements. 
I recognize there are skeptics with 
doubts about trade deals and the proc-ess of moving them through Congress. I think we can still take steps to try to reach out to those who have been crit-ical about past trade policy, find com-mon ground, and lock those new poli-cies into the future way in which we make a trade law. 
I have indicated for many months 
that I think those who are skeptical about our trade policies have a valid point when they talk about the exces-sive secrecy that has so often accom-panied much of the trade discussion. My view has been, if you believe strongly in the benefits of trade—and particularly those high-skilled, high- wage export jobs, and you want more of them—why in the world would you want to have all of this secrecy that just makes Americans so aware of the fact that something isn’t coming to light? They are wondering whether there is a reason something has been hidden. 
Now, it has been too common that 
Oregonians and other Americans have no way of knowing what is on the table in trade talks or how they would be af-fected. That was a problem with NAFTA, and it has been a problem that has continued over the years. 
There is no question about the need 
for protecting some of the details in our trade negotiations. I often say at a townhall meeting that nobody is talk-ing about giving out the secret sauce in some particular product. But today Americans have reasonable expecta-tions to be able to fire up their com-puter, click open their browser, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.041 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2915 May 14, 2015 
learn about the public policies that af-
fect them and their families. 
It is time to close the book on those 
days when Americans were kept in the dark on trade. The reality is, under the old playbook, that NAFTA playbook, the President could be handed an agreement for signature and put pen to paper right away. 
So nothing illustrates better than 
the changes that Chairman H
ATCH , I, 
and Chairman R YANhave worked on to 
put in place a fresh set of policies to ensure that the American people are no longer in the dark with respect to trade. 
Under this legislation, the President, 
by law, will have to make the full text of trade deals public for 60 days before a President can sign them. When you factor in the Congress, agreements would be public for as many as 100 days before they are voted on and often more. 
So what that means is, if you live in 
West Virginia, Utah, Oregon or Alaska, you will be able to come to one of our community meetings and have in your hands the trade agreement, starting with the Trans-Pacific Partnership, for more than 3 months before your Sen-ator or your Member of the House has cast a vote on them. For more than 3 months, the American people will have the actual text, starting with the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. I think that is a long overdue change. I will say, that is a very dramatic change. That is part of the reason why I note that this TPA is certainly not one that resembles the NAFTA era on transparency. 
Finally, on the transparency front, 
long before the deals are finalized, our trade officials would be required to give detailed and public updates on what is at stake in the negotiations. Every Member of Congress will have access to the full text, from beginning to end, and the doors will be open for Members to attend negotiating ses-sions and briefings. 
Perhaps the most important new tool 
in this legislation is a new procedure for hitting the brakes on bad trade deals before they reach the Senate or House floor. If a trade deal doesn’t meet the high bar the Congress sets under this progressive, modern ap-proach, it will be a whole lot easier to shut it down. It is my view that pro-tecting that ability makes the process more democratic, and all of those up-grades will close the door on the 1990s and NAFTA once and for all. 
The second matter at hand now is the 
support system for American workers known as trade adjustment assistance, and paired with that program is the health coverage tax credit. 
When times are tough for workers 
and industries affected by trade, the health coverage credit guarantees that those persons and their families will still be able to see their doctors. And trade adjustment assistance is there to help with job training and financial support. It is a lifeline for more than 100,000 Americans today, including 3,000 
in Oregon, and it helps to guarantee that those workers and their families have a springboard to a new set of op-portunities where they can have for themselves and their families a new op-portunity for good-paying jobs and a chance to get ahead. 
The Trade Adjustment Assistance 
Program has spent the last few years working at reduced capacity. That would change with this legislation. Trade adjustment assistance would be back at full strength in the year 2021 with a level of funding the administra-tion says will cover everybody who qualifies. Once again the program would bring service workers into the mix because it is not just manufac-turing employees who face competition from abroad. Trade adjustment assist-ance takes into account competition that comes from anywhere, including China and India, instead of just a select list of countries. 
I want to be clear that the Senate is 
not voting today to give the green light to the Trans-Pacific Partnership or any other trade agreement. As I see it, this is legislation which raises the bar for trade deals and challenges our negotiators to meet it. It will go fur-ther than ever before in stripping the secrecy out of trade policy and will provide new accountability by pro-tecting our ability to slam the brakes on trade deals that don’t work for our hard-working middle class. 
When you put these vast improve-
ments together with a next-level en-forcement system, it is my view that you have a long-overdue progressive, modern approach that sets aside the NAFTA playbook. This is a plan which will help get trade done right so that it works better for all Americans, wheth-er they are a service professional, a business owner, or a worker who punches the time clock at the end of the day. 
I will close with just a short state-
ment about why this is especially time-ly right now. All the evidence suggests that in 2025 there are going to be 1 bil-lion middle-class workers in the devel-oping world. These are going to be workers with money to spend. They are going to buy computers and helicopters and bicycles, their companies will buy planes, and the list goes on and on. It is my hope and I think the hope of every Member of the Senate that we have a trade policy that ensures our workers can have the opportunity to export what we make here and what we grow here—the products of the United States—to this 1-billion-person middle- class market. 
Let’s take this opportunity—a bipar-
tisan opportunity—to have a fresh new trade policy that increases the pros-pect of having American workers, who are the best and most competitive workers on the planet, sell the goods and services they make and deliver them to that enormous market that wants to buy American, wants to buy Oregon. It just seems to me to be obvi-ous that we should take the oppor-
tunity to tap the potential of that mar-ket. 
With that, Madam President, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
while my colleague from Oregon is still on the floor, I want to thank him for his leadership through these discus-sions over these past several days on the floor and longer prior to that. He has been a leader in trying to thread the needle, and it has been a little bit harder, but I appreciate the fact that we are here today and hopefully mov-ing forward to that agreement that will allow us as a nation to be the best we can and to engage in a level of trade that is fair, free, and really of great benefit to us as a nation. I thank him for that. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Madam President, I too want to 
speak about the trade promotion au-thority and some of the issues associ-ated with it, but I first want to speak briefly and acknowledge the comments made by my colleagues from New Hampshire when they spoke about Na-tional Police Week and honoring those brave men and women who serve us day in and day out, those who go where many of us would choose not to, whose families worry about them, and those who have fallen in the line of their service. 
This is National Police Week in the 
Nation’s Capital and across America. Each year during National Police Week I honor the men and women of law en-forcement who have given their lives in the line of duty. In previous Police Week speeches I have taken note of the sad coincidence that a spate of line-of- duty casualties seems to happen in the days and weeks leading up to National Police Week. 
This year, unfortunately, is no excep-
tion. Last weekend the Nation was shocked by the shooting of two mem-bers of the Hattiesburg, MS Police De-partment. A week ago two commu-nities lost law enforcement officers bearing the last name of Moore—Detec-tive Brian Moore of the New York Po-lice Department and Sergeant Greg Moore of Coeur d’Alene, ID. They are among 45 law enforcement heroes who have died in the line of duty this year alone. I extend my condolences to their families and to their communities on these tragic losses. And I extend my support to my colleagues from the States of Idaho, Mississippi and New York who share in the grief of their communities. In the U.S. Senate we take the loss of a first responder per-sonally for we regard these public serv-ants as members of our own extended families. 
During National Police Week we 
honor and remember the 117 law en-forcement officers lost in 2014. Their names were read at a candlelight vigil on Judiciary Square Wednesday evening and their memories will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.042 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2916 May 14, 2015 
honored at the Peace Officers Memo-
rial Service on the Capitol grounds on Friday. This week the families and col-leagues of these 117 officers are gath-ered in Alexandria at the Police Sur-vivors Seminar sponsored by Concerns of Police Survivors, where they will gain comfort from a community of sur-vivors who have walked in their steps. 
This week’s events are very important steps in the lengthy journey our fami-lies face to heal their losses. But it is a vital step. 
I have attended the Police Survivors 
Seminar and cannot say enough good things about Concerns of Police Sur-vivors and Suzie Sawyer, its founding executive director, who set the stand-ard for caring and healing. Although Suzie claims to have retired, when we face a law enforcement tragedy in the State of Alaska I am comforted by the fact that her phone number is still in my speed dial. Sadly I had an oppor-tunity to use it in 2014. 
Last evening I attended the candle-
light vigil as I have in past years to honor fallen officers from the State of Alaska. Joined on the dais by the At-torney General of the United States and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity I was honored to read the names of two Alaska State Troopers who gave their lives while protecting the Native Village of Tanana in 2014. Trooper Ser-geant P. Scott Johnson and Trooper Gabriel Lenox Rich at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. 
I have spoken before about the 
unique dangers that are presented when law enforcement officers perform their duties in Alaska Native villages. No roads connected most of these vil-lages to the nearest trooper post which can be hundreds of miles away, acces-sible only by air or boat and only then when the weather cooperates. And that was the case when Sergeant Johnson and Trooper Rich were ambushed in the village as they sought to apprehend an individual who was driving while in-toxicated in the village and brandished a weapon at the unarmed village public safety officer. 
There is no consoling those who re-
member the lives and passions of Scott and Gabe. But it matters that their life stories were not forgotten. Fallen law enforcement officers are heroes for the way they live their lives. And at last night’s observance the stories of Scott and Gabe were an integral part of the event. Attorney General Loretta Lynch spoke to their heroism as did the event organizers. For the first time I can re-member you could see the distinctive tunics worn by our Alaska State Troopers among the crowd of 10,000, and as the event ended my staff en-countered two members of the Fair-banks Police Department in uniform on the streets of downtown Wash-ington. They traveled at their own ex-pense to pay their respects to two indi-viduals from Interior Alaska who were widely respected by area wide law en-forcement. Sergeant Johnson was well known as a ‘‘cop’s cop’’. He was well known as both a drug expert and a tac-
tical expert. 
The Fairbanks officers mentioned 
that Scott was gracious with his time and his expertise—providing training to the Fairbanks Police Department that otherwise would have cost tens of thousands of dollars. Gabe Rich was a young guy and mentored by the finest of Alaska’s finest—Sergeant Johnson— and he demonstrated great potential. Both lived their lives as model Alaska State Troopers. 
Service as an Alaska State Trooper is 
regarded as a huge deal in our State. I am reminded that there are 700,000 law enforcement officers across the coun-try but only 400 have what it takes to be Alaska State Troopers. Guardians of the last frontier. 
In May I came to the floor to discuss 
the lives of Scott and Gabe and the families they left behind. Today I would like to pay homage to the orga-nization they were a valuable part of and devoted their lives to. And I pay homage to the creed they willfully and enthusiastically chose to live their lives by. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Creed of the Alaska State Trooper be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THE CREED OF AN ALASKA STATE TROOPER  
From the beginning, society has needed a 
special few willing to face evil and run to-ward harm for the sake of others. I am one of those few. I am an Alaska State Trooper. My environment is harsh, vast and unfor-giving. I thrive in it. My state is beautiful, majestic and the last of its kind. I will pro-tect it. My integrity is absolute. My loyalty is to what is ethical, right and true. My courage will not falter. Fear does not control me. I am the master of my actions and emo-tions, regardless of circumstance. When ac-tion is needed, I will act. If I fall, I will get back up. If I fail, I will try again. I will ei-ther find a way or make one I will never give up. I will be physically superior, mentally tougher and more tenacious than those de-termined to bring harm to others. I will en-hance my knowledge and proficiency every day. My training will never cease. I am a quiet professional. I do not seek recognition for my actions. I accept and will overcome the mental and physical hazards of my pro-fession. I will do what is necessary to place the needs of others before my own. Because I endure this, others won’t have to. Titles will not define me. No man will determine my worth. I will live my life according to the creed I have written on my heart, regardless of my position, rank or title. I will stand on the shoulders of those who have gone before me. I am honor bound to maintain the proud traditions of Alaska’s finest. The fallen are honored by my actions and I commit myself daily to the mighty cause of preserving this honor. I am an Alaska State Trooper. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I will close with 
these words which appear at the gates to the National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial. The words of President George H.W. Bush: ‘‘Carved on these walls is the story of America, of a con-tinuing quest to preserve both democ-racy and decency, and to protect a na-tional treasure that we call the Amer-ican dream.’’ Last evening the names 
of Patrick Scott Johnson and Gabriel Lenox Rich were carved into those walls. A reminder, once again, that in valor there is hope. 
Madam President, returning to the 
issue of trade in my State of Alaska, we are here to debate trade promotion authority. We have had an opportunity to proceed to this measure. I was pleased to be able to vote to advance it earlier this week and again today, and I will continue to support free trade. 
In my State, which is separated from 
the contiguous 48 States, our trade is based primarily with those to the west in Asia. Most of our trade does not go to the lower 48 States. So when we think about our trading partners, for Alaskans, it is international trade. International trade in our State sup-ports about 1 in 5 jobs—over 90,000 Alaskan jobs. Of those who are export-ers, about 70 percent are small- and medium-sized companies. These are men and women who are engaged in a very sophisticated level of trade over-seas, but many of them are relatively small. We are very vigorous in our trade with Japan, South Korea, and China, but we also have good relation-ships, of course, with our friends in Eu-rope and elsewhere around the globe. 
In 2013, the countries that are negoti-
ating the Trans-Pacific Partnership— the TPP—and the TTIP agreements comprised about 54 percent of Alaska’s exported goods. This is a significant part of what we look to for our exports. As we look to the TPP and the benefits that it will accrue, I think our State is looking to clearly strengthen these re-
lationships as well as open new mar-kets for Alaska’s exports. 
About 34,000 Alaska jobs are sup-
ported by trade with TPP countries. Thirty-six percent of Alaska’s goods are exported to TPP countries, and more than 50 TPP companies have in-vestments within the State of Alaska. 
One of our longest and more estab-
lished trading partners—Japan—is ob-viously not a current U.S. FTA part-ner, but the TPP negotiations will pro-vide an avenue for removing some of the trade barriers we see with Japan and will allow us additional economic opportunities within the State of Alas-ka, specifically as it relates to our fish, our fisheries, and our frozen fish. Cur-rent tariff rates to export frozen fish and prepared crabs to Japan are about 10 percent, so a free-trade agreement will lower these tariffs and increase ac-cess to Japan’s seafood market. This is something we care a great deal about, and it has been a very longstanding partnership and relationship. 
Today, I want to move from some of 
the issues relating to my State and what opportunities there will be for us with the prospect of trade promotion authority moving forward and I want to draw attention to a related issue. This is an issue that is outdated when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.067 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2917 May 14, 2015 
it comes to exports and, very specifi-
cally, a ban on exports. What I am re-ferring to is the current ban, the prohi-bition on crude oil exports. This abso-lutely runs counter to the principle of free trade as well as the notion that we should stand ready to help our allies, to help our friends for the sake of glob-al security. 
We talk a lot about national secu-
rity. We talk a lot about what more we can do to provide for national security and the geopolitics and how we can be of help to our friends and allies. Well, one way we can demonstrate our will-ingness to help is by lifting this dec-ades-old ban, this prohibition on our crude oil and allow for exports. 
I want to share with my colleagues 
five quick facts they may or may not know about our Nation’s history of oil exports, because while we have this ban in place—and it has been in place since the mid-1970s—there is a history that I think is important. 
The first fact goes back to World War 
II. The United States exported tens of millions of barrels of crude oil to our allies in World War II, and I am talking about Canada, the United Kingdom, India, and Australia. We were engaged in a very robust level of exports to our friends during World War II. 
Second fact: When Egypt seized con-
trol of the Suez Canal, President Eisen-hower moved quickly, and he ordered American oil to relieve what was called Europe’s oil famine. That was pretty immediate, that was pretty direct, and it was targeted to help our allies and friends at that time. 
Third fact: When Rhodesia cut off the 
flow of oil to Zambia in 1965, America stood with Britain to provide assist-ance. We delivered petroleum products in the Zambian airlift. So we were there in 1965 when Zambia needed that assistance. 
Then, in the 1970s, facing a threat 
from multiple regimes, Israel secured an agreement from the United States to supply it with oil in the event of a national emergency. So this agreement was made back in 1975. This was under the administration of President Ford, and that agreement was that the United States would stand with our friend and ally and provide oil in the event that their sources were threat-ened, that Israel was threatened. 
That agreement stood through Presi-
dent Ford’s administration, President Carter’s, President Bill Clinton’s, President George Bush’s, and with President Obama’s administration. So it is an agreement that has endured— that we will stand by our friend Israel in providing it with a source of oil in the event of a national emergency. This is something where we just got the administration to sign off on this just literally a month or so ago, to re- affirm that agreement. 
Then, the fifth fact here is that 
former Ambassador Carlos Pascual and others have testified before our energy committee that the sanctions against Iran—which brought Iran to the table— worked. They worked because of rising 
U.S. oil production. He went further to say that we were hamstrung by our in-ability to export it. 
We have heard this consistently in 
the energy committee. We heard this discussed on the floor of the Senate the past couple of weeks when we were talking about the Iran deal. Today, we are in a position where our friends, our trading partners, and our allies are again asking for our assistance. We have the resource. 
Some would say we are awash in oil 
right now. The production we have seen has been nothing short of phe-nomenal. But we are tied. We are lim-ited in our ability to move it beyond our shores. Our allies are looking at us, and they are in the grips of tension. 
Look at our friends and allies in Po-
land. Poland is 96-percent dependent on Russia for their oil. Don’t we think that Poland would rather receive their oil from their friend the United States? Poland has been there with us when it comes to national missile defense. With just about every engagement we have had, Poland has been there for us. Wouldn’t it be nice for us to be there for our friend Poland? 
Just a couple weeks ago, we had the 
Prime Minister of Japan here, Mr. Abe. Iran is still supplying oil to Japan, de-spite those sanctions. Japan needs a source of oil. Don’t we think that Japan would much rather receive oil from the United States—more crude from the United States? 
I think we recognize the world has 
changed out there. There are new alli-ances, there are new threats, there are new hopes, and there are new fears. It remains my hope that, while the world may change, our role as a global leader has not eroded. And one way—one clear, sure way—we can ensure that it hasn’t eroded is to help our friends and to use our resource as a national stra-tegic asset to help our friends and al-lies. 
The whole idea that oil exports are 
still prohibited is just mind-boggling. I have been working on this now for over a year. We have been encouraging dif-ferent reports so people really under-stand this issue and wrap their minds around it, because to change a policy that has been in place for decades takes understanding and education. I am willing to give that time, but I also appreciate that the policy that is in place right now just doesn’t make sense. 
The Commerce Department retains a 
list of commodities that are defined in short simply, and they call this the Short Supply Controls. Historically, these controls were generally not blan-ket prohibitions. They were on things such as aluminum, copper, iron, steel scrap, nickel, selenium, and the polio vaccine. 
But it is interesting—we look at that 
Short Supply Controls list right now, and there are three items on that list. The first, obviously, is crude oil; the second is western red cedar; and the third is horses for export by sea in-
tended for slaughter. 
Now, there is a small caveat, because 
there is a prohibition of exports of pe-troleum products that would come from the Naval Petroleum Reserve, but it is very small. So really what we are talking about and the three items that are on this Short Supply Controls list—in other words, prohibited—are oil, cedar, and horses. Go figure. 
Now, we do have embargoes on North 
Korea, for example, and we control the export of other things such as sensitive technology. But crude oil’s presence on the Short Supply Controls, I think, is particularly conspicuous, since we ex-port our petroleum products—our re-fined products—at record levels. I think it is important for people to make that distinction because some-times there is a little bit of confusion. 
We export our refined products at 
record levels. What we don’t export is the crude. Some people say: Well, I am afraid that if we lift the oil export ban and we allow for crude export, the price of oil or the price at the pump is going to go up, and I am worried about that. I think we would all be worried about that. We don’t want to see the price of gasoline at the pump go up. The fact remains that what we put in our vehi-cle, what we pump at the filling station is a refined product that we already ex-port. So we don’t see that price spike; we don’t see that increase. What we don’t refine is the crude product. 
We have engaged in study after study 
after study. There have been about eight different, very reputable studies out there, and each and every one of them has come to the same conclu-sion—that allowing for the lifting of the export ban will not increase the price of gas to the consumer. I think it is important to reaffirm that. 
I urge my colleagues who are ready 
to vote for trade promotion authority to consider joining my effort. My col-league Senator H
EITKAMP from North 
Dakota is working with me on the other side to lift this ban, to extend the principle of free trade to crude oil exports. 
We export natural gas. We export die-
sel, jet fuel, gasoline, natural gasoline, propane, coal—so many other petro-leum products. 
I should end by reminding people 
that the ban that we have in place does allow for certain limited amounts of export. Today, we export to Canada about 4,000 barrels a day. I think that is about average right now. With Alas-ka, there is an exception that allowed for export of Alaska crude back in the mid 1990s. I just asked for confirmation on what we have been exporting. Last year, in September of 2014, we exported about 800,000 barrels to South Korea, and I am told that just this month, in May, there were 975,000 barrels that went over to South Korea. 
So we in Alaska are trying to do our 
little bit to help. We need to get our oil pipeline filled up so that we can do more to export more to those who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.068 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2918 May 14, 2015 
our friends, partners, and allies. But 
this is something for which, again, the time is now. The subject is ripe as we are talking about allowing for greater opportunities for export. But when we look to those policies that hold us back—hold us back from good jobs, from producing our resources to our benefit and our economy’s benefit and to the benefit of our friends and al-lies—it is time that we lift the ban on crude oil. Doing so will create jobs, strengthen our security, lower our trade deficit, and, again, as study after study has shown, not raise our gasoline prices. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
time on the floor this afternoon, and look forward to working with my col-leagues on these issues. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
thank the Presiding Officer for letting me talk about the trade agenda this afternoon. And I appreciate the words of my colleague from Alaska, Senator M
URKOWSKI , regarding the liquefied 
natural gas exports and oil exports. 
This is a discussion about how we en-
sure that we are accessing the 95 per-cent of consumers who live outside of our borders. For the workers and farm-ers I represent in Ohio, that is really important. This is how we are going to be able to get this economy back on track. In part, it is to provide more markets—more customers. 
Already in my State of Ohio, we de-
pend heavily on exports. One out of every three acres that is planted in Ohio—we are one of the top farm States in the country. We are proud of that. It is the No. 1 industry. One out of every three acres that is planted is exported. Of our soybean crop, which is typically our biggest crop in Ohio, 60 percent gets exported. So for farmers, in order to keep their prices up, these foreign markets are absolutely critical. 
But it is also really important for 
our manufacturing sector in Ohio. About 25 percent of our manufacturing jobs are export jobs. And, frankly, what has happened over the last 7 years, while America has not been in the business of opening up these mar-kets, is that they are beginning to lose their market share. 
So it is good for us to expand exports. 
We have to do that because that cre-ates not only more jobs in my State and in our country, but it also creates better jobs. These are higher-paying jobs with better benefits. 
Those 95 percent of consumers out-
side of the United States border de-serve to get some products stamped ‘‘Made in America’’ because they are great products. They are great agricul-tural products, great manufacturing products, great services. We should be aggressively expanding our exports. 
But while we do that, we have to be 
sure it is fair, too. We have to be sure that these other countries are not sending us imports that are traded at below their cost—that is called dump-
ing—that they aren’t illegally sub-sidizing their exports, which happens. That is when you put duties in place to make sure they are not doing things to make the playing field unlevel, and so that our workers who are doing all the right things—playing by the rules, be-coming more competitive, and making concessions to be competitive—are not left holding the bag and don’t get the short end of the stick. Instead, they get the ability to compete on a level playing field. If they can do that, they will be just fine. We will be able to ex-pand exports, and therefore, create these better-paying jobs we talked about. 
That is what this debate should be all 
about. It is about a balance. It is about expanding exports, at the same time making sure that the rules of the road work for all of us, including our work-ers and our farmers, our service pro-viders in my State of Ohio and all around our great country. 
I am delighted to see that we are 
moving forward with this debate be-cause it is an honest debate we have to have. 
And for those who just say that we 
can expand exports but we can’t do anything about this unfair trade, I think that is not the right balance. For those who say we shouldn’t be doing these exports because somehow that doesn’t help our workers because there is so much unfair trade out there, that doesn’t work, either. There is a balance in between here. 
One of the issues I have spent a lot of 
time working on over the years and looking at is this trade distortion called currency manipulation. Look, I understand it is a complicated area, and some people think we just shouldn’t touch it or maybe it is some-thing that only the Department of Treasury can deal with because it is currency. It is not technically products and goods. But I would say that there is not a Member in this body who doesn’t believe that when another country manipulates its currency to expand its exports, that that affects trade. It is just obvious. 
If you are trying in a deliberate way 
to lower the cost of your exports by lowering the value of your currency vis-a´-vis another country, such as us, 
that is going to help you in trade. 
I had the fasteners in here this week. 
These are the people who make nuts and bolts and screws, and they are big in Ohio. We are happy to have a good fastener industry in Ohio. But they will tell you that their margins are pretty tight. 
Chairman Volcker, who was the 
Chairman of the Federal Reserve, made an interesting statement. He said that, in 1 week, through currency manipula-tion, we can do away with all the bene-fits of years of trade negotiations. Sadly, I think that is true. 
So while we are promoting exports, 
we should also make it clear that we do not believe we should distort trade. And for our Republican colleagues, 
those of us who believe in markets, we should be against distortions—and this is a market distortion. We should speak up about it and not be shy about it and not suggest that somehow, be-cause it is something that tradition-ally has been handled by the Treasury Department and by the International Monetary Fund and as a currency issue, it doesn’t affect trade. It does af-fect trade. 
Now, if they were making great 
progress on it at the International Monetary Fund, I might feel dif-ferently about it. But why not include it as a trade negotiating objective? I think it makes all the sense in the world. We are going to have an amend-ment to do just that, and it will be on the floor next week as we take up the trade promotion authority. 
I urge my colleagues to take a look 
at it, objectively. It is very targeted. It does not deal with a country being able to adjust its monetary policy. It explic-itly says it does not relate to monetary policy, macroeconomic policy. It has to do with deliberate intervention in cur-rency markets to have this benefit in exports we talked about, again, to dis-tort the free market in order for other countries to be able to sell their prod-ucts to us at a lower value than they should be and in turn, for our exports to them to be at a higher value, which makes it harder for us to keep jobs here in America. 
People say this is all about the auto 
industry. Yes, the autoworkers care about it, and they should—so do the auto companies, so do the fastener companies, so do the steel companies, so does anybody or any group in Ohio that is concerned about ensuring that they get a level playing field for their exports, because currency manipula-tion does not help anybody. People say: Well, why are you doing this now, be-cause these countries, such as Japan, are not currently manipulating their currency? I agree. Since probably the end of 2011, 2012, Japan stopped manip-ulation of their currency. They would not fall under these criteria we played out. But they have done it over 300 times in the past. 
All we are saying is this: Is it not 
right that when we are negotiating an agreement, we put in place some kind of discipline to say we do not want you to do this in the future because it is not fair for you and for us? Trade ought to be about balance—not just a balance of expanding exports but also having enforcement measures in place to level that playing field I talked about, and balance in the sense that we sell some-thing to you, we get some money from doing that, and we use that money to buy something from the other place. So you have a balance in terms of trade. You do not have these huge surpluses you see in countries such as China, for instance, where they have manipulated their currency. 
I hope this issue will be one that we 
can address in an objective manner. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.043 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2919 May 14, 2015 
Take the politics out of it. Let’s decide 
what is best for the workers and farm-ers we represent and for the overall health of our economy. If we are going to get back into the business of trade— which I think we should—I think we should be expanding trade by doing good agreements that knock down the barriers to us so that it is fair. If we do that, let’s be sure that we can build a consensus for that among the Amer-ican people, who get it. They under-stand that we need to have exports. But they also understand that we need to have more fairness. 
There are other issues as well that 
we are going to address in the Senate in the trade promotion authority vote next week. I hope some of them will be issues that we actually voted on today in the Customs bill. Some of you fol-lowed this closely, but in the Customs bill there were a number of enforce-ment measures, not just on currency but also on this issue of how do you show when you are injured, as an American company, if there is unfair trade. If another country sells some-thing over here below its cost—mean-ing they dumped it here—or if they subsidized something illegally, how do you show as an American company that you have been injured by it in order to get the relief that you and the workers you represent deserve? 
Right now, it is very difficult some-
times to show injury, to the point that some companies tell me: R
OB, by the 
time we were able to go through this process and show that we were injured, it was too late. We had lost too much market share. We were not able to get back on our feet. 
There is a very simple provision. It is 
a Brown-Portman amendment that was included in the Customs bill. We voted on it today. I would urge my colleagues to help us get that provision into the TPA bill as well because we know that the Customs bill may or may not make it through the process. We believe that the trade promotion authority bill is much more likely to make it through the process and to the President’s desk for signature. 
I hope we have that provision in 
there. I asked my own leadership to in-clude it in the substitute that was filed apparently today. I do not know if it is in there. I am told it is probably not. I am sorry to hear that because it was one that we seem to have a bipartisan consensus on in committee. I thank Senator H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN be-
cause they included it in the com-mittee markup on the Customs bill. We did not have a vote as an amendment because they included it in the markup because they thought it was good pol-icy. 
Yet, somehow in the substitute, I un-
derstand it may not be in there. I hope it is. But if it is not, we intend to offer an amendment to have it included. I hope my colleagues will support that, because, again, if you are talking about trade in a State such as Ohio where we have a lot of manufacturing, you have to be sure to be able to look workers in 
the eye and say: This is going to be fair for you. Get in this business of trade because we want to access the 95 per-cent of consumers outside of our bor-ders, but we are going to help you. If somebody unfairly competes with you by dumping their product or illegally subsidizing their product, you know what, we will be there for you. We are going to be able to level that playing field by adding tariffs to their products because it is illegal what they are doing. 
I have been active on this issue back 
home, not just on the material injury standard, which is what this is about when you get injured in trade, but also on this issue of being sure that we are opening up more markets for all of our Ohio products. 
Ohio manufacturers right now in 
rebar, hot-rolled steel, tires, and uncoated paper are all involved in trade cases such as this—all of them. They all want to know that this is going to be fair. 
Wheatland Tube is one of the Na-
tion’s largest producers of steel pipe and tube products. They have four fa-cilities in Ohio: one in Warren, one in Niles, one in Cambridge, and one in Brookfield. They make products rang-ing from steel products for the energy industry, pipe for hydraulic tracking, and so on—construction industry. They have been particularly impacted by a number of these trade enforcement cases, including several crucial cases we won last year on pipe and tube from China. We have had some nice victories for them. In fact, given the import con-cerns they have, I understand the plant in Warren, OH, which has 178 workers, probably would not be in existence today if we had not won these trade en-forcement measures. Here is a plant with 178 people in Warren, OH, who would not have a job today if not for our standing up for them and saying we are going to help you when there is an unfair import coming into this coun-try. 
The workers there understand this 
issue. They get it because they know it has a direct impact on their jobs. Let me read an email I received this week from Mike Mack. Mike is a mainte-nance foreman at Wheatland Tube in Warren, OH. This is what he said: 
As an individual employed in manufac-
turing, I understand better than most that trade is a key component for economic growth. However, it’s important for U.S. manufacturers (i.e. steel pipe and tube pro-ducers) to have the tools to challenge unfair trade. . . . I support the adoption of enforce-ment provision s... that will close loop 
holes in the trade laws to ensure that compa-nies can access these laws to challenge trade distorting practices. 
I continue with his quote. 
I also support language in the TPA that 
prevents currency manipulation and the ‘‘dumping’’ of foreign products in the U.S. 
It’s essential that provisions to close loop 
holes in trade laws are included in a final trade bill. After all, there’s a huge difference between FAIR trade and FREE trade. He says his company ‘‘relies on these 
laws, and has utilized them in recent years to challenge trade distorting practices that have injured our indus-try and our employees.’’ 
He says: 
Without laws to regulate unfair trade, I 
know my job—and the jobs of thousands of other manufacturing workers—is at risk. 
I think that email says it well. He 
did not say he is against trade. He did not say he is against exports. In fact, he said that ‘‘trade is a key component for economic growth.’’ He supports it. He just wants to know there is going to be a balance. 
If there is a balance, Mike will stand 
up and support trade. But if there is not, he, understandably, is worried about his job and the jobs of his col-leagues at that company and the com-panies all over my State. 
I really hope that as we promote 
trade—and we should—we do so in a more balanced way. If we do that, I think we are going to build a broader consensus for doing exactly what we should be doing—reengaging in the world, expanding markets, and knock-ing down barriers to trade—tariff bar-riers and nontariff barriers alike. 
As some of you know, I was the U.S. 
Trade Representative for a while. I had that great honor to be able to travel all around the world representing our great country. Other countries are looking to us to able to knock down these barriers to trade because they are unfair, because they know that it helps the economies in their countries develop. 
Developing countries know in their 
hearts that higher tariffs and nontariff barriers between countries make it harder to grow a middle class, to be able to bring people out of poverty, and they depend us for that. They also de-pend on us to ensure that the rules of the road are fair. It affects us. It af-fects this plant in Warner, OH, and it also affects them. 
They suffer from currency manipula-
tion, too. They suffer from unfairly traded imports, too. Frankly, they are not always strong enough or big enough countries to be able to stand up to it. America’s role in the world is truly exceptional. It is truly essential that we are out there. It is true on a whole broad range of issues—from human rights, to fighting terrorism, to keeping open the Strait of Hormuz, the South China Sea, and so on. 
It is also important on trade. This is 
an opportunity for us to stand up here in this Chamber and say we are going to get back into the business of ex-panding trade. We are going to do it in a balanced way. 
Finally, let me mention a specific 
issue that is part of the trade legisla-tion coming to the floor. This is about something beyond exporting American products. It is about exporting Amer-ican values and the rule of law. As I said, countries are looking for us, in part, to let people know what the rules of the road ought to be. One of those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.047 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2920 May 14, 2015 
rules of the road ought to be that we 
believe that human trafficking ought to be stopped, whether it is in our country or on other shores. 
Addressing human trafficking has 
been a really bipartisan issue here in this body. I serve as cochair of the Sen-ate Caucus to End Human Trafficking. I started it a few years ago with Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL . Since we founded 
the caucus in 2012, we have made real progress, passing a number of bills to end trafficking in Government con-tracting, for instance, reauthorizing the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. A few weeks ago we passed a big bill called the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. We passed it 99 to 0. Three bills that I had proposed were part of that package. It is good legisla-tion. 
As a member of the Finance Com-
mittee, I was happy to support a bipar-tisan amendment to the trade pro-motion authority that was offered by Senator M
ENENDEZ . It puts additional 
teeth into our trafficking enforcement so that countries that are dealing with us in a trade agreement know that we are serious, if year after year they turn a blind eye to the horrible reality of human trafficking in their labor mar-kets and in their countries. 
The question before us is this: Do we 
keep that in this legislation or not? I think we should not water down traf-ficking protections that have already been adopted by a bipartisan majority of the Finance Committee by a vote of 16–10. I think we should take into ac-count the horrendous human traf-ficking record of some of the world’s worst offenders. 
If we do—if we do that—we are going 
to be able to help stop human traf-ficking globally. If we do not do that, if we water it down, I fear we are giving some of these countries an easy way out, promoting trafficking by letting countries get around the rules. 
Every year, the State Department 
issues the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Re-port,’’ or TIP—‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report.’’ The report ranks countries. They have different tiers. Tier 1 means the country is responsive and proactive to combating human trafficking. Tier 3 means the country has failed to take steps to prevent trafficking, and the laws and policies of the country actu-ally promote a market that encourages human trafficking, so that is the State Department. 
I understand this report—the TIP Re-
port—will be released in June. It has already been substantially drafted. I understand that one of the TPP coun-tries may fall in category 3, tier 3. This government continues to detain traf-ficking victims for periods of time, treating them as criminals for months or years, we are told. This country does not support the NGOs, the nongovern-mental groups in the region that pro-vide counseling or rehabilitation for victims. This is from the State Depart-ment. 
The most egregious trend highlighted 
by the State Department is that this government is now identifying fewer 
victims and conducting fewer inves-tigations than in recent years. 
Should we be concerned about that? 
Yes, we should. I think there is nothing wrong with us including that, to pro-vide that incentive and to provide that leverage in this TPA bill that we are going to vote on early next week. 
The trafficking in persons office is 
independent. They are not swayed by political considerations. That is my sense of it. It is a good office. I will have enormous respect for their TIP analysis. I will be disappointed if that language is not included in the trade agreement. 
Again, the Finance Committee—with 
the support of five Republicans, includ-ing me—passed this amendment, and I think Senator M
ENENDEZ ’s attention to 
this issue is appropriate. I hope it will stand up, as we did with the 99-to-0 vote with regard to the broader legisla-tion. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for giv-
ing me the ability to talk about these issues today. I think it is incredibly important that we move forward with expanding trade. I think trade pro-motion authority is needed to do that. But as we do it, let’s be sure that we are able to look those workers and those farmers in the eye back home and say: You know what. This is going to work for you, too. It is going to work for all of us. This is going to work because we are giving you access to markets you would not otherwise have. That creates more and better- paying jobs. But we are also going to be sure that it is a more level playing field, that you are able to compete ef-fectively and win because the rules won’t be rigged against you. The rules are going to be fair for everybody. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ap-
preciate the excellent remarks that were made by the distinguished Sen-ator from Ohio and other Senators on the floor this day. There is no question that the Senator from Ohio is a very strong leader when it comes to inter-national trade, having served as the Nation’s Trade Representative and having served very well. 
Not only was he a great Trade Rep-
resentative, but he is a great Senator. I have a very high regard for him. I un-derstand why he—just as I am—is working to push this bill through Con-gress. 
We have enough Democrats who are 
pro-free trade and understand what this bill will do for them, and I think we have enough Republicans. Let’s just hope that we can put this through. 
Having said all of that, I wish to 
praise the President. I have had many differences with the President over the years. We have always been cordial. There is no question that I care for him, and I hope he cares for me. But the fact is that on this issue, our Presi-dent happens to be right, and that is why I was pretty upset the other day 
when cloture was not invoked. I am glad we were able to work together to overcome that logjam and have the bill on the floor now, and hopefully we will overcome any desire to filibuster this bill in any way, shape, or form. 
There have been many heroic Demo-
crats who have worked on this bill, and I want to pay homage to all of them, from Senator W
YDEN right on through. 
They all deserve a lot of credit. There are not enough, but nevertheless a good number, and those folks deserve a lot of credit for standing up for this bill the way they have. 
Think about it. The Senator from 
Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN , said that 95 to 96 
percent of all of the world’s consumers live outside of the United States of America. That ought to tell anybody— even an idiot—that this bill is impor-tant and that international trade is important. We have all kinds of small and large businesses that are doing trade overseas but are severely limited because of the lack of a free-trade agreements with a wide variety of countries. 
The advantage of this particular 
agreement—and people are starting to realize that it is a very advantageous agreement—is that this will provide great trade relations. 
This bill will provide a means where-
by 11 countries in the Asian-Pacific— through the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship—will have great trading rights with us, and us with them. 
Additionally, should this bill pass, 
there are 28 nations in Europe that are party to the TTIP negotiations, and this will be one of the most important things we can do to keep trade alive and interchange with these countries in ways that will benefit not only them but us. 
The fact is that we know that trade 
generally helps us to have better jobs in this country, and the proven fact is that when we negotiate free trade agreements, wages go up. So it is good for our workers, it is good for our con-sumers because we will be able to pur-chase products at better prices than we have in the past, and it is good for our country because we will lead the world in trade. Although we are far away from that right now because there are 400 trade agreements in the world and we are only signed on to 20 of them. It shows how lacking we are in negoti-ating the free-trade agreements that we really ought to. 
This bill will push us forward, and it 
will enable us to create free trade agreements with countries that com-pose 40 to 60 percent of worldwide trade. That should say to anybody that this is a good thing to do. It creates jobs, it creates opportunities, and it also creates better relationships be-tween our Nation and the almost 40 na-tions currently in negotiations with us under TPP and TTIP. 
Having said that, there are those who 
do not like this bill. The labor unions, in particular, don’t like this bill. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.048 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2921 May 14, 2015 
think some of the union members do, 
because it means a level international playing field for their jobs, higher pay, more opportunity, their States can get well and strong, that their agriculture is going to improve, their industry is going to improve, and their manufac-turers are going to improve. I could go on and on. It creates more jobs, more opportunities, and higher paying jobs. 
It is pretty hard for anybody to real-
ly cite any reason why they should 
vote against this agreement. A lot of people have misconstrued—some of the most brilliant people in the Senate— that it as though this is the final trade agreement, that is TPP, with 11 na-tions. 
This is TPP. This is the procedural 
agreement that makes it possible for those nations to sign treaties with us knowing that when the TPP or the TTIP agreements are brought to the Senate and the House, we will simply have a right to a vote those agree-ments up or down. 
After having a complete look at 
them, there will be lots of trans-parency. People have been raising the issue that this is not transparent. Well, this is not the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship Agreement; this is the mechanism through which we can arrive at a Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. This bill provides more transparency than any other TPA agreement in the past. 
This opens up the world for trade and 
says to the other countries that we are willing to comply with certain rules and regulations if they will. And in the process, we know that we are not going to be able to conclude most of these in-dividual trade agreements with indi-vidual nations unless we have trade promotion authority in law because these countries don’t want to enter into a very difficult, intensively com-plex set of negotiations if their only hope is that the negotiations in the trade agreement that they signed would be brought back to the two Houses of Congress that could do what-ever they want to with it and open it up to any kinds of amendments. They are not going to sign on to these trade agreements. 
We have had some representatives of 
some of these 11 countries in the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations saying that unless we pass trade pro-motion authority, they will not sign on to any agreement, and I can hardly blame them because you never know what Congress is going to do once these agreements come back. 
We do have a right to know what 
they are. We do have a right to look at them thoroughly. We do have a right to debate them on the floor. We do have a right to vote up or down for or against these treaties, and that is a right this particular bill enshrines. That is an important right. On the other hand, we need to have TPA in order to attract other countries to negotiate and con-clude agreements with our country, which is what this agreement is all about. So those who are saying ‘‘Well, this 
is not transparent’’ or ‘‘We don’t know what is in the TPP’’ and so forth, of course they don’t. It is not concluded yet. But this gives us the right to know, this gives us the right to debate, this gives us the right to vote, and this gives us the right to be part of that system. 
The administration has made it very 
clear that they will work in a way that every Senator in the Senate and every Member of the House of Representa-tives will have a right, if they want to, to participate in the process under cer-tain terms that are really outlined by this particular bill. 
What we are talking about here 
today is future trillions of dollars in trade—not just billions, trillions. We are talking about the United States being a leader of the free world. We are talking about leading other nations to come and work with us for freedom in this world. 
Think about it. If we get those main-
ly Asian-Pacific countries in the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement to agree to this agreement and agree to work with us on trade that will send a message to everybody in that area that they better work with the United States as well. It sends a message to every country in the world, really, that if they are willing to work in a fair way with the United States of America then we are willing to work with them. 
If we don’t pass this legislation, can 
you imagine what it will do to our rela-tionships with many of these countries that are absolutely critical to our for-eign influence? I would say all 11 of the Asian-Pacific and 28 of the European countries are. These are important countries to us. Just the massive per-centage of trade in the world that is done by these almost 40 countries says to anybody—any thinking person—you would be crazy not to enter into agree-ments that outline how we can do things, do them right, protect intellec-tual property, and do a lot of other things that good trading relationships can grow from. 
This will enable us to at least work 
with the United States Trade Rep-resentative, the Ambassador Michael Froman, and conclude these agree-ments so that everybody in our coun-try will benefit from them. It just makes sense. 
Not only that, can you imagine, if we 
fail to pass TPA—trade promotion au-thority—the message it will send to al-most 40 countries, including ours? Can you imagine what message that would be? Not only that, but it would inter-fere with foreign policy objectives for our country in many years to come in drastically bad ways. 
So the frightened people who don’t 
like this approach, of giving the ad-ministration the tools it needs to be able to properly negotiate free-trade agreements with other countries need to understand that this is the best tool Congress has to give the American peo-ple the level playing field and competi-tive edge they have worked so hard for. 
It also lets other countries know they are going to have to comply with im-portant and relevant terms—and it says to the people in all of those coun-tries that the United States is a de-pendable partner to deal with. 
This is an important debate, and that 
is why it has come so far. I wish to per-sonally applaud the heroic Democrats 
who are willing to stand up for this, as well as Republicans. We can always find something wrong with every piece of legislation that comes through this place. I don’t know of many that have been perfect, although I am sure there have been a few. Nothing seems to be perfect, but what we try to do here is do the absolute best we can to get as close to perfection as we can. Yes, this is not a perfect bill, but, by gosh, it takes us a long way toward resolving all kinds of disputes and relationships throughout the world. 
This is an important bill, and we will 
begin the real work by holding votes on the bill on Monday. Hopefully, our col-leagues will pay attention to what is in this bill and what it really means; that it is not the Trans-Pacific Partnership but that it is a means by which Con-gress has a say in the Trans-Pacific Partnership and TTIP, the Trans-atlantic Trade and Investment Part-nership, and it gives us some authority over these matters. Plus, it helps us to comply, cooperate with, and work with the President of the United States and the people he has designated to nego-tiate these agreements. It is just the right thing to do. 
I have to say this would be a crown 
for the Obama administration should we pass this through. It would be a crown to every Senator and every House Member who votes for it. It is going to be a crown that a lot of people will be able to wear for years to come— at least 6 years—and it will be helpful to future administrations as well. 
So I hope our colleagues will help us 
to pass this bill. I hope they will help us to keep amendments that shouldn’t be on and that really aren’t helpful off this bill. I hope they will help us to keep the poison pills that sometimes come up around here off, so this bill can pass through and become law. Then, it will enable whatever adminis-tration it is—this administration for the next year and a half, approxi-mately—to be able to complete some of these agreements with other countries that are important to our well-being as well as their well-being, that may be as important to our relationship with them as it is to their relationships with us, and to our region as well as their region. To have the United States of America working with them and have them working with us sends a message to a lot of enemies around this world that we are making headway. We are doing things the way they ought to be done, that the United States is a good trading partner, and that as tough as it sometimes is to get these types of landmark pieces of legislation through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.051 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2922 May 14, 2015 
both Houses of Congress, this one is 
worthwhile to put through. 
I hope we will conclude this in a way 
that will help the administration do a really good job and will help us to move forward as a nation and will help our economy and help their economies and create greater foreign policy pres-ence for our great country around the world, especially for the countries in-volved in these agreements. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, 
this is a very important debate. I was here earlier this week and I look for-ward to more debate next week. I look forward to a vote on the Portman-Sta-benow amendment addressing currency manipulation. 
At this point in time, I wish to speak 
as in morning business, and I ask unan-imous consent to do so. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING RACHEL JACOBS  
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I 
rise today on the floor of the U.S. Sen-ate in memory of a young woman whose life was extraordinary and meaningful and whose passing has left so many of us so profoundly sad. 
On Tuesday night, Rachel Jacobs left 
work and boarded a train to go home to her husband Todd and her 2-year-old son Jacob. Rachel’s life, so filled with passion and purpose, was lost that night, along with at least seven others, when her train—and we all know now about the train—derailed just outside of Philadelphia. 
Rachel touched so many lives all 
across the country. Today, all of those hearts are broken. The loss is so pro-found. Her family has lost a wonderful wife and mother and daughter and sis-ter, and all of us have lost someone who had accomplished so much already 
in her young life and would have done so much more to make the world a bet-ter place if only she had been given the time. 
I want my colleagues in the Senate 
to know Rachel. I want them to know the life she lived. She grew up in the Detroit area, where she was a smart, engaged young woman who was active in her community and always looked for ways to make a difference. She was an exceptionally talented and bright young woman. She went to college at Swarthmore and then to Columbia for her MBA. 
Two months ago, she became the 
CEO of ApprenNet, an online workforce training startup. She had a vision to use technology to help people get the right skills to be successful in the fast-est growing sectors of our economy, such as health care. 
She was also the cofounder and chair 
of Detroit Nation, which brought to-gether native Detroiters around the country to stay engaged and connected to their hometown in an effort to cre-ate jobs and economic growth. 
Rachel did so much for others—some-
thing I know she learned from her par-ents, Gilda and John Jacobs. Gilda is a 
dear friend of mine and someone who has devoted her own life to public serv-ice. I cannot imagine the sadness of her family today. It is small comfort that Rachel’s dedication to her family and community is a testament to the won-derful person she was. She was an in-spiration to so many and that inspira-tion will endure. 
Rachel’s life was not the only one 
lost on Tuesday night. A Navy mid-shipman from New York, a college dean, an award-winning Associated Press technology staffer, and five other Americans with families and friends and with so much going for them, and we are finding more who have lost their lives—so many lives cut short in their prime, so many people who were doing so much good in the world. 
There are many questions as the in-
vestigation into this crash gets under-way. Federal authorities are doing their work right now, and the families of those killed or injured deserve an-swers. 
So I was truly stunned yesterday 
when the House of Representatives voted in committee to slash funding for our infrastructure, including Amtrak. I could not believe that happened. There is something deeply wrong when an un-thinkable tragedy such as this occurs— that should serve as a wakeup call to all of us to work together—and not even 24 hours later, Republican Mem-bers of Congress act as if nothing had happened. 
Our roads and bridges and railroads 
carry people. They carry young moth-ers such as Rachel who want to get home to hold their babies. They carry young men such as Justin Zemser, the 20-year-old midshipman at the Naval Academy—a patriot whose contribu-tions to his country could have been incredible. I know, from speaking to Senator S
CHUMER who nominated him, 
he was an incredible young man. 
We have a responsibility to the peo-
ple of this country, to the people who sent us here to represent them, to make sure our infrastructure is secure. Yet we see on the horizon the very real possibility that our highway trust fund will soon be empty. We see the events of yesterday, with a vote in the House Appropriations Committee to slash funding for trains and roads and bridges. It is personally very alarming to me. 
As we engage in these discussions 
over the next few weeks about how to fund transportation in this country, I hope my colleagues will not forget the people who use our transportation sys-tem—people like Rachel Jacobs. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. NIH-SUPPORTED RESEARCH AND ALZHEIMER ’S 
DISEASE  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I 
wish to call to the attention of my col-leagues the idea that biomedical re-search must be a national priority. 
The Presiding Officer and myself, as 
members of the Appropriations Com-mittee, are in the process of crafting our appropriations bills for fiscal year 2016, and we face a tremendous task in trying to balance effective, efficient government operations with the neces-sity of righting our Nation’s fiscal course during very difficult and chal-lenging times. Therefore, what I take from that—the circumstance we are in—is it is extremely important that we prioritize initiatives that are effec-tive in their service to the American people and demonstrate a significant and sufficient return on investment. Congress should set spending priorities and focus our resources on initiatives with proven outcomes. No initiative meets these criteria better than bio-medical research supported by the Na-tional Institutes of Health. 
NIH-supported research has raised 
life expectancy, improved the quality of life, lowered overall health care costs, and is an economic engine that strengthens American global competi-tiveness. 
The benefits of NIH are widely ac-
knowledged on a bipartisan basis. Dur-ing the recent negotiations on the fis-cal year 2016 budget agreement, 34 of my Senate colleagues, both Repub-licans and Democrats, cosponsored an amendment I offered affirming NIH biomedical research as a national pri-ority. I was pleased this amendment was included in the final budget agree-ment passed by Congress. 
Furthermore, the Senator from 
South Carolina, Mr. G
RAHAM , and the 
Senator from Illinois, Mr. D URBIN , have 
recently agreed to form a Senate NIH— National Institutes of Health—Caucus. I am happy to be a founding member of this caucus, which will offer an oppor-tunity for Senators to visit about the importance of NIH and to seek bipar-tisan strategies to provide steady, pre-dictable growth for biomedical re-search. 
If the United States is to continue its 
leadership in providing medical break-throughs to develop cures and treat diseases, we must be committed to sup-porting this research. 
If researchers cannot rely on con-
sistent support from Congress, we will jeopardize our current programs, we will reduce our progress, stunt our Na-tion’s competitiveness, and lose a gen-eration of young researchers to other careers or other countries. 
New scientific findings help us con-
front the staggering challenges of dis-ease and illness. One such challenge I wish to focus on in my remarks is Alz-heimer’s. It is a devastating and irre-versible brain disease that slowly de-stroys an individual’s cognitive func-tioning, including memory and thought. Today, more than 5.3 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.053 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2923 May 14, 2015 
Americans are living with this terrible 
disease. Every minute, someone in our country develops Alzheimer’s. It is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, and it is the only cause of death among the top 10 in the United States that cannot be prevented, cured or even slowed. 
Within these grim statistics are im-
measurable suffering and stress this disease places on individuals, on their families, on their friends. This reality hits home in the stories I hear from Kansans. 
The Alzheimer’s Association’s Heart 
of America Chapter in Prairie Village, KS, tells me about Ricky from Topeka: 
Ricky has early onset Alzheimer’s 
disease. He is 60 years old. Due to Alz-heimer’s disease, Ricky had to retire from a good-paying job because he no longer was able to do the work. He and his family expected him to work at least another 5 years or more, and they had plans that were interrupted that caused them to have to adjust from a two-income family to a single-income family. 
Ricky is frustrated at times and tries 
to maintain a positive attitude with his family and his peers. He and all members of his early stage support group are very scared about their fu-ture and they are desperate for a cure. They are worried about the burden they might place upon their families. 
Ricky and so many of his peers are 
continually looking for ways to slow down the progression of this disease. This includes testing himself daily with the use of an iPad, trying new foods, and joining in a research study 
at the University of Kansas Medical Center. Fortunately, Ricky is still able to ride his Harley Davidson, but he knows the day is coming when the thing he enjoys so much will not be able to occur again. 
I am also aware of Katrina from 
Shawnee, KS. She is an Alzheimer’s As-sociation ambassador and she shared her story: 
As personal and health care advocates, my 
brother and I used more than 7 weeks of per-sonal vacation time—some unpaid—during our mother’s final year of care. During the year, she was transitioned through 10 dif-ferent care facilities, we worked with more than two dozen health care professionals at these locations and some were not [even] no-tified of her basic needs such as her iodine allergy or insurance—information she was unable to share during her moves. This would be a significant life change for any-one—but especially for our mother, a 67 year old, physically strong woman but cognitively impaired due to early onset dementia diag-nosed at [age] 59. 
Katrina said they reflect upon her 
passing, which is now 3 months ago, and the emotional and financial toll of the last 27 months couldn’t be quan-tified—long-term savings and time off from work for vacations were limited, and the time spent at work was inter-rupted with calls, doctors appoint-ments, and meetings to communicate with care providers ‘‘regarding our mother’s ongoing care needs, including behavioral challenges.’’ My brother and I are 40 and 37—we have 
children ages 4 to 15—we worked full time [during this period of time] while doing ev-erything we could to advocate for our moth-er’s care. We are fortunate to have devoted spouses, family, and friends and under-standing employers that worked through these difficult times with us. 
All of us in the Senate, every Amer-
ican knows someone who has been af-fected, someone whose family member has been affected by the terrible dis-ease Alzheimer’s. It is a tremendous personal tragedy, this disease, but it is also a very expensive disease, and we have a lot to gain both in the care for 
people and the quality of their lives that we want to maintain. 
We also have the opportunity to in-
vest in Alzheimer’s research that will reduce the cost of Alzheimer’s to us as taxpayers, to health care, to those of us who pay insurance premiums. This is a way we also can save money be-cause, on average, per-person Medicare spending for individuals with Alz-heimer’s and other dementias is three times higher than Medicare spending across the board for all other seniors. So for Alzheimer’s patients, Medicare has per-person expenditures three times the amount of other seniors on Medicare. 
This year, the direct cost to America 
for caring for those with Alzheimer’s is estimated at $226 billion—$226 billion. Half of these annual costs—more than $100 billion—will be borne by Medicare. These numbers mean that nearly one in five Medicare dollars is spent on in-dividuals with Alzheimer’s disease and other dementias. 
In 2050, which isn’t that far away, 
this amount will be one in every three Medicare dollars will be spent on Alz-heimer’s and dementia diseases. Unless something is done, in 2050, Alzheimer’s will cost our country over $1 trillion in 2015 dollars. Taking into account infla-tion, it will be $1 trillion, and costs to Medicare will increase more than 400 percent to nearly $590 billion. 
We must commit to a national strat-
egy for speeding the development of ef-fective interventions for Alzheimer’s disease. As the baby boomer generation ages, Alzheimer’s has unfortunately be-come a disease to define a generation, but it doesn’t have to be an inevitable part of the aging process. America can tackle Alzheimer’s by prioritization of our biomedical research capabilities. 
In a recent New York Times edi-
torial, former Speaker Newt Gingrich praised the considerable benefits of NIH and specifically a research break-through relating to Alzheimer’s. He noted that a breakthrough that could delay the onset of the disease by just 5 years, slow the onset by 5 years, would reduce the number of Americans with Alzheimer’s in 2050 by 42 percent and cut costs by a third. 
These encouraging statistics—the 
idea that we can have hope and that there is a better day—these encour-aging statistics would also represent increased health and quality of life for both patients and their loved ones. Current research advances give us that 
reason for hope. Dr. Francis Collins, the Director of the National Institutes of Health, recently stated, ‘‘Alz-heimer’s research is entering a new era in which creative approaches for de-tecting, measuring and analyzing a wide range of biomedical data sets are leading to new insights about the causes and course of the disease.’’ 
Dr. Collins calls on our Nation’s med-
ical researchers to work smarter, fast-er, and more collaboratively to deter-mine the best path for progress in Alz-heimer’s disease research. As an exam-ple, NIH is implementing a new initia-tive called the Accelerating Medicines Partnership, working together with pharmaceutical companies to develop the next generation of drug targets for Alzheimer’s disease, as well as rheu-matoid arthritis, type 2 diabetes, and lupus. 
NIH is also leading the Brain Re-
search through Advancing Intuitive Neurotechnologies Initiative, or BRAIN Initiative, which is a multi-agency effort to revolutionize our un-derstanding of the human brain. The objective of the BRAIN Initiative is to enable the development and use of in-novative technologies to produce a clear understanding of how individual cells and neurocircuits interact. By better understanding how the brain works, technologies developed under this initiative could help reveal the un-derlying cause of a wide array of brain disorders. Understanding these causes will provide new avenues to treat, cure, and prevent neurological and psy-chiatric conditions such as Alzheimer’s disease, traumatic brain injury, au-tism, schizophrenia, and epilepsy. 
Groundbreaking research is taking 
place, and Congress must do its part to prioritize the important work sup-ported by the NIH. As a member of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee that is responsible for the funding of NIH, I am committed to working with my colleagues to see that prioritization of NIH occurs and that within NIH there is strong support for Alzheimer’s research. 
In 2011, Congress passed the National 
Alzheimer’s Plan that specifically lays out a series of scientific milestones that researchers think need to be met in order to make meaningful impact on the trajectory of Alzheimer’s by 2025— what is the plan to get us where we need to be by that point in time? 
Over the last two years, Congress has 
provided NIH with approximately $125 million in increased funding to support good science that addresses Alz-heimer’s disease and other dementias. Additionally, we have worked to in-clude language in the fiscal year 2015 omnibus that requires NIH to submit a yearly budget request for Alzheimer’s research based on what is required to fund the necessary science. This par-ticular effort is to make certain we have a specific, accountable research plan to ensure that our resources are effectively targeted to meet these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.054 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2924 May 14, 2015 
milestones the scientific community 
has established. 
Alzheimer’s disease is a defining 
challenge for our generation. The health and financial future of our Na-tion are at stake, and the United States simply must not continue to ig-nore such a threat. This is a moral and financial issue. It is one that should be easy for us to come together on. If you are the person or the Senator who cares the most about people, who cares in compassionate ways, you should be for medical research. If you are the Senator who cares about the fiscal con-dition of our country and getting our financial house in order, you should be for biomedical research. 
This commitment by all of us will 
significantly lower costs and improve health care outcomes for people living with the disease today and those who may encounter it in the future. To-gether, we can. This is what we are all here for. Together, we can make a dif-ference, and we can do that by making a sustained commitment to Alz-heimer’s research that will benefit our Nation and bring hope and healing to Americans today and tomorrow. 
The challenge is ours, and the mo-
ment to act on this disease is today. It is important for our moms, our dads, our grandparents, our family members, our friends. For the fiscal health of our Nation, the time to act is now. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS AND NORTH DA -
KOTA ’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN  
VIETNAM  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I 
rise to continue an effort to honor the 198 North Dakotans—soldiers, sailors, and airmen—who gave their lives while serving in Vietnam. 
Together with the Bismarck High 
School history and English classes, we are reaching out to families and friends of these fallen servicemembers and sharing a bit about each one on the floor of the Senate. 
Today, I begin by talking about a 
large family, the Gietzens, who lost one of their own in Vietnam but con-tinue to serve our country and our State. Bill and Mary raised 15 children on a farm outside Glen Ullin. It was on their farm that their children learned the importance of hard work, dedica-tion, and bravery. 
After serving in the Army in World 
War II, Bill married his sweetheart Mary, and they had 15 children. 
GENE GIETZEN  
Gene Gietzen served in Vietnam in 
the Marine Corps’ Alpha Company, lst Battalion, 7th Marines. Gene was born March 19, 1950. On May 21, 1969, he died as a result of wounds received on a 
company operation. He was 19 years old. 
Gene’s twin brother Glenn and older 
brother, Russell, were also stationed in Vietnam for a time while Gene was there. Once, when Russell and Glenn’s battalion passed through Gene’s camp, they had an opportunity to spend a night together. That night, the young men learned of the birth of their youngest brother Fred. 
While the brothers said goodbye, 
Gene told them he would never get to see baby Fred. Glenn and Russell told him they would see him soon and that he needed to stop being so pessimistic. A few weeks later, they learned of Gene’s death. Glenn escorted his twin brother’s body home. 
Russell, the oldest child, served three 
tours of duty in Vietnam with the Army as an interpreter and partici-pated in several covert missions. Rus-sell has two sons who served our State and country in the North Dakota Na-tional Guard. 
Glenn also served in the Army in 
Vietnam. Glenn started the Injured Military Wildlife Project of North Da-kota, which gives wounded veterans nationwide opportunities to hunt and fish in North Dakota. 
Mark, their other brother, joined the 
Marine Corps and served all around the world on embassy duty. 
Greg served with U.S. Special Forces 
for 37 years. Jim joined the Army and was stationed in Germany for 2 years. 
Aaron served 22 years with Army 
Special Operations as a combat medic. He now trains a new generation of Army medics at the U.S. Army Special Operations Command in Fort Bragg, NC. 
The rest of the Gietzen children have 
served as nurses, missionaries or have kept up the tradition of family farm-ing. 
North Dakota is proud to be home to 
this inspiring family. 
Now, I will talk about more North 
Dakotans who, like Gene Gietzen, gave the ultimate sacrifice while serving their country during Vietnam. 
GERALD ‘‘JERRY ’’ DECKER  
Gerald ‘‘Jerry’’ Decker was from Sen-
tinel Butte and was born June 17, 1948. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. Jerry died on April 10, 1969. He was 20 years old. 
Jerry was one of seven children and 
the youngest of three boys. Jerry and his brother, Ron, were both stationed overseas at the same time, Ron run-ning supplies from Thailand and Jerry as a cook in Vietnam. 
Jerry chose to enlist so he could 
serve his country and return to the family farm and ranch as soon as pos-sible. Jerry intended to eventually take over the farm. His sister, Rose, re-calls how much Jerry loved farming, loved the animals, and loved training his dogs to hunt. 
After his death, Jerry’s brother, Ron, 
escorted his body home. The day after Jerry’s funeral, their brother, Tom, had to appear before the draft board, 
but he was excused from service. 
Rose remembers Jerry as the kind of 
guy everyone loved, even though he had a very dry sense of humor. She says that during Jerry’s funeral, their church was overflowing with people mourning Jerry’s death. 
NORMAN EMINETH  
Norman Emineth was from Baldwin 
and was born June 13, 1949. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. Nor-man was 20 years old when he died on May 22, 1970. 
Norman and his four siblings grew up 
on a farm outside of Baldwin. He spent his childhood working on the farm, picking rock, and milking cows. In his free time, Norman enjoyed hunting, fishing, and spending time with their neighbors. 
In 1961, the singer Sue Thompson re-
corded a song called ‘‘Norman.’’ His friends poked fun at Norman, but de-spite the teasing, Norman loved the song. He bought the record and listened to the song over and over until he had memorized all of the lyrics. To this day, his sister, Elaine, can still hear the song in her head. 
Elaine cherishes the time she spent 
with Norman when he was home on leave from Vietnam. She said that dur-ing this time, she felt like the kids had finally become adult friends instead of bickering children. The siblings all wished they could have spent time in their adult years with their brother, Norman. 
LAWRENCE ESSER , JR. 
Lawrence Esser, Jr., was from Minot. 
He was born February 21, 1948. He served in the Army’s Ninth Infantry Division. He was 21 years old when he died on March 12, 1969. 
Lawrence was the fourth of eight 
children, and his family and friends called him Junior. 
His sister, Darlene, has fond memo-
ries of playing together outside making mud pies. She says that from the time Lawrence was a child, he loved to build things and work with his hands. He at-tended a trade school and worked for his brother-in-law in a construction firm. 
Lawrence’s family remembers him as 
a humble and quiet person. His mother, who died when she was 98 years old, still had a hard time speaking about Lawrence until her own death. 
JOSEPH ‘‘JOE’’ FISCHER  
Joseph ‘‘Joe’’ Fischer was from Zee-
land and was born September 11, 1948. He served in the Army on the USS King as a boiler technician. Joe died on May 23, 1969. He was 20 years old. 
When Joe was very young, his moth-
er passed away. During middle school, he began living with Ben and Laura Jund of Zeeland. Joe and the Junds, his foster family, grew very close. 
Joe’s high school friend, Anne Weld-
er, remembers that Joe was kind of a class clown and participated in base-ball, basketball, football, drama, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.050 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2925 May 14, 2015 
pep club. Anne and Joe’s foster family 
believe that everyone who knew Joe loved being around him. 
After his high school graduation, Joe 
enlisted in the Navy. He enjoyed his Navy service very much. 
The day after Joe’s foster family 
learned that Joe had died, they re-ceived a note in the mail sent to them, stating: ‘‘I just thought I would let you know that I am still alive.’’ 
WENDELL KELLER  
Wendell Keller was from Fargo and 
was born May 19, 1934. He served in the Air Force 433rd Tactical Fighter Squadron. Wendell was 34 years old when he went missing in action on March 1, 1969. 
Wendell’s parents were Raymond and 
Leona Keller, and his siblings are Vir-ginia Post, Ray Keller, and David Kel-ler. In addition to his siblings, Wendell is survived by his wife Jacqueline, son Gregory and his wife Patty, stepson Andy, and son Michael and his wife Janie and their daughter Lydia. 
While at North Dakota State Univer-
sity, Wendell majored in electrical en-gineering and graduated with an Air Force ROTC commission. 
Wendell was an accomplished pilot. 
In 1959, he was selected to fly over the first U.S. Air Force Academy gradua-tion ceremony. In 1968, Wendell volun-teered for an assignment in Southeast Asia rather than accepting the rec-ommendation to become a Thunderbird pilot. 
On March 1, 1969, Wendell, an Air 
Force major at the time, was the flight commander of a night strike over Laos. It was his 80th mission, and he made multiple passes before his plane was struck by anti-aircraft fire and crashed in the rugged terrain. Search-and-res-cue efforts to locate him were unsuc-cessful. He was declared missing in ac-tion and was promoted to lieutenant colonel. 
Fifteen years later, the crash site 
was discovered, and after several ground searches and excavations, in 2012, his remains were identified and he was buried in Arlington National Cem-etery. 
The Air Force issued Lieutenant 
Colonel Keller medals to honor his ex-traordinary service, including the Dis-tinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal with Four Oak Leaf Clusters, and the Purple Heart. 
STANLEY OTTMAR  
Stanley Ottmar was from Mott and 
was born October 26, 1949. He served in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Division. Stan died April 10, 1969. He was 19 years old. 
His family called him Stan, and he 
was the third of seven children. His sis-ter, Mavis Jarnagin, or Mavis Ottmar, was my college roommate when we were at UND and remains a good friend of mine today. 
Their father served in World War II 
in the Army. After high school gradua-tion, Stan followed in his father’s foot-steps and enlisted in the Army, where he joined a parachute training pro-gram. Stan was a friendly and social person 
who had a love and talent for music. His sister, Sharon, has fond memories of Stan at home standing in front of the mirror watching himself play gui-tar and sing. The family cherishes the recordings they have of him singing and playing the guitar. 
Stan died with just 2 weeks left in his 
tour, and he was already making plans at the time to buy a new car. 
JOHN RENNER  
John Renner was from Mandan and 
he was born June 24, 1949. He served in the Marine Corps’ Hotel Company, 2nd Battalion, 26th Marines. He was 20 years old when he died July 28, 1969. 
John was one of three kids. His sister 
Mary lives in Mandan, and his brother Tim lives in Arizona. 
Mary remembers John as a happy, 
nice person who was always smiling. He was never unkind to a soul. 
John was killed just 2 months after 
beginning his tour of duty in Vietnam. 
After John died, his brother Tim 
joined the Marine Corps. Tim was not sent to Vietnam but felt he owed it to his brother to join the military. 
John’s fellow soldiers remember him 
as a brave and good friend. He is deeply missed by all who knew him. 
VIRGIL GREANY  
Virgil Greany was from Rugby and he 
was born November 26, 1930. He served as a major in the Army. He was 33 years old when he died September 25, 1964. 
Virgil served our country for over 12 
years prior to his death, including serv-ice in Korea and Ethiopia before he vol-unteered to go to Vietnam as an ad-viser. Virgil had made the military a career, but he had a passion for mathe-matics. Virgil’s dream was to become a math teacher after he retired from the Army. 
The day Virgil died, a Vietnamese 
soldier threw four grenades into his ve-hicle. The third grenade exploded in-side of the truck, killing Virgil. 
Virgil left behind his young wife, 
stepchildren, and a daughter. 
ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ SIME 
Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Sime grew up in Velva 
and Tolna and was born on December 10, 1939. He served in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Division, in what was called the ‘‘Garry Owen’’ regiment. Bob was 27 years old when he died on October 23, 1967. 
His siblings are John, Richard, and 
Marilyn. His parents both worked in education. 
Bob grew up in Velva. His senior year 
of high school the Sime family moved from Velva to Tolna, where his father became the superintendent of schools. Bob was tall and was talked into join-ing the basketball team at Tolna, where he played just for the fun of it. 
Bob’s cousin, Jean, remembers that 
Bob liked 1950s rock-and-roll music and that he always combed his hair like Elvis Presley. After graduating from Tolna High School, Bob enlisted in the Army. In the Army, Bob met Lieutenant 
Bob Trimble, who became his com-pany’s executive officer. The two men had confidence in each other on mis-sions and also enjoyed spending their free time together. Lieutenant Trimble remembers Bob’s great sense of humor, even when times were tough. He was with Bob when Bob was killed and says that day will always haunt him. 
THOMAS ‘‘TOM’’ SPITZER  
Thomas ‘‘Tom’’ Spitzer grew up on a 
farm south of Wilton and was born June 17, 1941. He served as a Navy pilot on the USS Oriskany . Tom was 25 years 
old when he died on October 26, 1966. 
Tom is survived by his siblings, wife, 
and his son Tom, who was born the month after his father was killed. 
In high school, Tom and a friend 
began flying. He then attended North Dakota State University, where he par-ticipated in ROTC and received a de-gree in business administration. 
During his Navy training, Tom was 
designated a Top Gun graduate. His brother Jeff says it was the proudest moment of Tom’s life. 
The Navy intended for Tom to stay 
in the United States to train other pi-lots, but Tom volunteered to go to Vietnam to serve his country. As a Navy pilot in Vietnam, Tom flew over 100 missions. One of those missions in-volved him flying over his wing com-mander, who had been shot down, to draw fire away while they waited for help to arrive. The Navy awarded Tom with distinguished medals in recogni-tion of his heroism. 
DONALD ‘‘DONNY ’’ VOLLMER  
Donald ‘‘Donny’’ Vollmer was from 
Bismark. He was born August 2, 1950. He served in the Army’s 1st Aviation Brigade. Donny died on November 2, 1969. He was 19 years old. 
Donny had three brothers and one 
sister. He enjoyed hunting and fishing in his free time. Donny decided to join the Army because his older brother Jim was enlisting and he wanted to go too. At the time, Donny was 17 years old, so his parents had to give permis-sion, and Donny had to finish his GED while at basic training. 
Donny and Jim served in the same 
unit, and Donny was a helicopter crew chief. A few weeks before Donny was killed, he and Jim came home on emer-gency leave because their mother had a heart attack. Donny spent his time at home telling his friends how much he loved serving his country. Jim’s tour was almost over, so he was allowed to stay home, but Donny returned to Vietnam alone. 
Jim believes that if Donny had not 
been killed in the war, he would have made the Army his career. 
ROBERT BROTHEN  
Robert Brothen was from Mohall and 
was born February 14, 1947. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. Robert died on February 27, 1969. He had just turned 22 years old. 
His two sisters were Beverly and Au-
drey, and his brother’s name was Ber-nard. Even though he was Robert’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.055 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2926 May 14, 2015 
younger brother, Bernard joined the 
Army during the war just to help pro-tect Robert. 
At one point during their service, 
Robert and Bernard were both hospital-ized in Washington State, being treated for foot rot, but didn’t learn they were in the same place until the day after they left. 
Robert’s father Alvin died of cancer 
the same year Robert died. Their sister Beverly is the last living member of the family. Their mother Pearl passed away in 2004 but witnessed the deaths of three of her children and two hus-bands during her lifetime. 
These are the stories of just a few 
North Dakotans and actually just a few of those brave soldiers killed in action in Vietnam. As we continue to partici-pate in the commemoration of the Vietnam war, I believe it is critically important that we continue to honor and appreciate their sacrifice and to help educate the younger generation, like the Bismark High School students who are helping me with this project, on the importance of sacrifice and commitment to our country. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time be considered expired and the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314 be agreed to, and that Senator H
ATCH  
be recognized to offer substitute amendment No. 1221 and a first-degree amendment to strike title 2 of the amendment. I further ask that the fol-lowing amendments be the only other amendments in order during today’s session of the Senate: Brown No. 1242 and Lankford No. 1237. 
I further ask that when the Senate 
resumes consideration of H.R. 1314 on Monday, May 18, the time until 5:30 p.m. be equally divided between the managers or their designees, and that at 5:30, the Senate proceed to vote in relation to the Brown and Lankford amendments in that order, with no sec-ond-degree amendments in order prior to the votes, and a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for adoption. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The minority leader. Mr. REID. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, first of all, I haven’t had the opportunity to express my appreciation for the hard, hard work of the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Finance. The senior Senator from Oregon has gone through a lot the past 2 weeks trying to help us get to the point where we are today, so I admire the work they have done and look forward to the 
fair amendment process we are going to have next week. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, the motion 
to proceed is agreed to. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I call 
up amendment No. 1221. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. H ATCH ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 1221. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of May 12, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
Mr. HATCH. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1243 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I call 
up amendment No. 1243. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. H ATCH ], for 
Mr. F LAKE , proposes an amendment num-
bered 1243 to amendment No. 1221. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the extension of the 
trade adjustment assistance program) 
Strike title II. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1237 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I call 
up the Lankford amendment No. 1237. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. H ATCH ], for 
Mr. L ANKFORD , proposes an amendment num-
bered 1237 to amendment No. 1221. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish consideration of the 
conditions relating to religious freedom of parties to trade negotiations as an overall negotiating objective of the United States) 
At the end of section 2(a), add the fol-
lowing: 
(13) to take into account conditions relat-
ing to religious freedom of any party to ne-gotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1242 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I call 
up Brown amendment No. 1242. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. B ROWN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 1242 to amendment No. 1221. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To restore funding for the trade 
adjustment assistance program to the level established by the Trade Adjustment As-sistance Extension Act of 2011) 
On page 118, strike lines 19 through 23, and 
insert the following: 
(b) T
RAINING FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 236(a)(2)(A) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not ex-ceed $575,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021.’’. 
(2) O
FFSET .— 
(A) C LARIFICATION OF 6 -YEAR STATUTE OF  
LIMITATIONS IN CASE OF OVERSTATEMENT OF  
BASIS .—Subparagraph (B) of Section 
6501(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) An understatement of gross income by 
reason of an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis is an omission from gross income;’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(other than in the case of 
an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis)’’ in clause (iii) (as so redesig-nated) after ‘‘In determining the amount omitted from gross income’’, and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘AMOUNT OMITTED 
FROM’’ after ‘‘DETERMINATION OF’’ in the heading thereof. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by subparagraph (A) shall apply to— 
(i) returns filed after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(ii) returns filed on or before such date if 
the period specified in section 6501 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to such amendments for as-sessment of the taxes with respect to which such return relates has not expired as of such date. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, if the 
chairman of the Committee on Finance and Senator W
YDEN will indulge me, I 
would like 2 or 3 minutes to explain the amendment and the importance of it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.060 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2927 May 14, 2015 
One of the most important reasons 
for the vote on Tuesday, I believe, is that a significant number of Members of this body and I think the public— those who support fast-track and those who oppose it—all believe that enforce-ment is important and assisting work-ers is important. So it would be a trag-edy to send TPA to the desk of the 
President for him to sign, leading the way to at least two other trade agree-ments—the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the United States-European Union agreement, the so-called TTIP trade agreement—without enforcement and without assistance for workers. 
We make decisions in this body, 
those who support this fast-track and the trade agreements, and we know— even the most enthusiastic supporters and cheerleaders for free trade ac-knowledge there are winners and losers when it comes to trade agreements. Some people, because of dislocation due to these trade agreements, disloca-tion in the economy, lose their jobs in places such as Wheeling, WV, and Bel-laire, OH, right across the Ohio River. So it is important that we take care of those workers who lose their jobs be-cause of our actions. That is why the TAA—trade adjustment assistance— provides help for workers to get new training and find new jobs when they are laid off from the chemical or steel industry along the Ohio River or else-where. The opportunity to be retrained is so important. 
I meet people frequently who were 
laid off because of NAFTA or because of CAFTA and now they are back in school. A man the other day I met is becoming a nurse, a woman might be-come a physical therapist, a man might be trained in information tech-nology or some other kind of work after they have lost their job. So that is the importance of trade adjustment assistance. 
The President’s budget called for a 
significantly higher number of dollars for trade adjustment assistance than the bill coming out of the Finance Committee. That is why I am offering my amendment, to get those dollars commensurate with the need, because every President in both parties—Presi-dent Bush I on NAFTA, President Clin-ton on NAFTA and PNTR, President Bush on fast-track and CAFTA, Presi-dent Obama on South Korea Free Trade Agreement and now on TPP— make big promises about trade num-bers and increased jobs, big promises about higher wages. Unfortunately, those big promises end up with bad re-sults. 
We know it from South Korea most 
recently; we have seen it throughout the last 20 years of trade. That is why the number of dollars authorized and appropriated for the trade adjustment assistance needs to be increased, so it will take care of those people who lose their jobs because of the Trans-Pacific Partnership and because of TTIP, which this Congress could very well agree to in the next year or so. So I ask for support of Brown amend-
ment No. 1242. My understanding is that vote will come on Monday night. I appreciate the support of all the Mem-bers of this body. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
this week we welcome thousands of law enforcement officers for National Po-lice Week 2015. It is a time to pay trib-ute to all the men and women who serve in Federal, State, and local law enforcement all across America. It is a good time for those of us who benefit from the shield of protection they pro-vide—and actually, that is all of us—to express our gratitude. 
Police officers are here to rededicate 
themselves to the pursuit of justice and to honor fallen officers. We are proud to have them all here in Wash-ington. 
I want to recognize especially the 
many men and women who protect and serve as peace officers in Kentucky. Today, I had the pleasure of meeting with some of Kentucky’s finest. I want to thank them personally for coura-geously risking their lives in the serv-ice of people across the Common-wealth. 
HONORING DEPUTY SHERIFF ERNEST T . 
FRANKLIN  
Sadly, the occasion of National Po-
lice Week is also the time when we pay tribute to the brave and honorable peace officers who have fallen in the line of duty over the last year. So I want to remember and say a few words about Kentucky’s own Deputy Sheriff Ernest T. Franklin, of the Barren County Sheriff’s Office, who died on April 2, 2014. 
Deputy Sheriff Franklin was killed in 
an automobile crash on Kentucky Route 90, just west of Glasgow. He was 
58 years old and had served with the sheriff’s office for 7 years. 
Friends and coworkers recall him as 
a friendly man who always had a kind word for everyone. He worshipped at Hopewell Baptist Church, volunteered at the local community center and soup kitchen, and was, by all accounts, an excellent chef. 
Deputy Sheriff Franklin put his life 
on the line every day to protect his fel-low Kentuckians. I want to extend my deepest condolences to his family and to all of those who knew and loved him. 
As Deputy Sheriff Ernest T. Franklin 
is mourned in Barren County, in Frankfort, the Kentucky State Police have created their own unique way to memorialize their fallen fellow officers. This week they unveiled a new statue called The Trooper, a figure of a Ken-tucky State Trooper cast in bronze and 10 feet tall, at the Kentucky State Po-lice Academy. 
The statue is a tribute to members of 
the Kentucky State Police who have given their lives in the line of duty. That is 27 troopers and officers. It is quite an inspirational sight—a lone fig-ure in uniform striding forward, ready to defend the property, dignity, and lives of his fellow Kentuckians. 
I know my colleagues in the Senate 
join me in holding the deepest admira-tion and respect for the many brave law enforcement officers across Ken-tucky and across the Nation. Theirs is both an honorable profession and a dangerous one. It is also a necessary one because the peace and order of a civil society that we all take for grant-ed would not exist without them. Ken-tucky is grateful for our law enforce-ment officers’ service, and we are grateful for the service of Deputy Sher-iff Ernest T. Franklin. 
NATIONAL BLUE ALERT ACT  
On a related note, I was proud to co-
sponsor and see to Senate passage this year of the National Blue Alert Act. The bill will establish a national Blue Alert system within the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice to help catch those criminals who kill, harm, or threaten law enforcement officers. The Blue Alert system will be similar to what the AMBER Alert system does for ab-ducted children. 
Should law enforcement officers be 
killed, seriously injured, threatened or go missing while in the line of duty, this system would be utilized to widely disseminate information to help iden-tify and apprehend potential suspects. 
Blue Alert will help bring to justice 
those who harm our police officers and 
hopefully help deter future violence. I was pleased to see that the House passed the bill earlier this week. With this bill, we will help protect those who put their lives on the line to protect us all. 
f 
FAIR AND EQUAL WAGES 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, last 
Sunday, I joined millions of people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.064 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2928 May 14, 2015 
across the country to celebrate the 
mothers in our lives—in mine, my wife Marcelle, my daughter, friends, and other family members. Mother’s Day is an important reminder of just how es-sential these inspirational women are to their families, their friends, and their communities. 
Mothers—and all women—are also es-
sential to the fabric of our economy. According to the Bureau of Labor Sta-tistics, just four decades ago, fewer than half of mothers were in the Amer-ican work force. Today, 70 percent of mothers are working outside the home, and one-third of working mothers are the sole wage earners in their house-holds. More than 30 percent of Vermont families rely on working moms as the exclusive wage earners in their homes. 
The numbers are staggering. Yet 
working moms still fall behind in equal and fair pay. The Joint Economic Com-mittee of Congress recently released a report showing that working mothers earn 3 percent less than women with-out children, while fathers earn 15 per-cent more than men without children. Working moms also face the potential of missing scheduled wage increases or bonuses, if they take time away from the workforce to care for a child. 
Vermont has been a national leader 
in leveling the playing field for work-ing moms. In 2002 the Green Mountain State enacted its own Equal Pay Act, making it illegal for employers to offer anything less than equal pay for equal work. The Federal Government has fallen behind, and it is far past time for Congress to approve the Paycheck Fairness Act. This legislation, au-thored by one of the trailblazers in the Senate, Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI (D- 
MD), builds on efforts that date back more than 50 years to ensure a bal-anced and equal playing field in the workplace for women. 
Of course, equal wages are not fair 
wages if they are not livable wages. Ac-cording to the Joint Economic Com-mittee, working mothers in families in the bottom 20 percent of households contribute an astounding 86 percent to their families’ income. In an over-whelming majority of cases, these fam-ilies are supported solely by a mother. That is just one of the many reasons we need to ensure that wages are not just equal and fair, but also livable. Two weeks ago I joined with Senator P
ATTY MURRAY (D-WA) and 31 other 
Democratic Senators to propose legis-lation to raise the minimum wage. The Raise the Wage Act will provide a stag-gered increase in the Federal minimum wage, from $7.25 to $12.00 by the year 2020. It is the right thing to do, and it is the fair thing to do, for working mothers, for our families, and for our Nation’s economy as a whole. 
Mother’s Day is always an oppor-
tunity to show the moms in our lives just how valued they are. It is past time for Congress to do the same, and to act on commonsense bills like the Paycheck Fairness Act and the Raise the Wage Act. TRIBUTE TO DONALD A. RITCHIE 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, this 
week, the Senate will say goodbye to the Chamber’s current Historian, and welcome him to the ranks of Historian Emeritus. Donald Ritchie has observed, studied, and documented the workings of the U.S. Senate for almost four dec-ades. Only the second person to serve as the Historian of the Senate, Don has been with the Senate Historical Office since shortly after its creation. 
Beginning in 1976, Don spearheaded 
the Senate Oral History Program, for which he interviewed dozens of former senators and their staff. He docu-mented firsthand recollections of those individuals’ time with the Senate, major events and debates, and how the institution evolved during their tenure. In the 1990s, the Senate Historical Of-fice began making transcripts of the interviews available at various librar-ies and archives, including the Manu-script Division of the Library of Con-gress and the Senate Library. These ac-counts are fascinating, and remind us of the intricacies—both in public and behind the scenes—of legislating in the U.S. Senate. The Oral History Program was a colossal undertaking, and one congressional scholars will study for many years to come. Don’s work on this program was exceptional. 
In addition the Senate Oral History 
Program, Don and the Senate Histor-ical Office maintain and make avail-able historical documents, statistics, and provide historical background and how it may pertain to current events. In addition to his enormous under-taking, for years, Don has provided en-lightening—sometimes humorous, al-ways informative—vignettes to Mem-bers and staffers of moments in his-tory, from now famous—or infamous— committee proceedings, to turning points in historical Senate debates, to the personal interactions and relation-ships among Senators that often don’t make the history books. 
My wife Marcelle tells me that Don is 
always welcomed at the Senate spouses’ luncheon because of his valu-able insights. 
Don often reminds us of our roots— 
how our many traditions began—and how the Senate, as a continuing body, has evolved, decade to decade, genera-tion to generation. He reminds us that for all our political disagreements, progress in the Senate requires some measure of consent. The history of the Senate is clearer because of the talents of Don Ritchie. The time has come to thank him for his decades of service and to wish him well as he assumes a new title of Historian Emeritus. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD FRANCIS 
‘‘PAT’’ PATIERNO 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I rise 
to pay tribute to one of the foundational figures of the U.S. global demining effort, Mr. Donald Francis ‘‘Pat’’ Patierno. Pat is retiring after more than 20 
years of global demining leadership both at the State Department’s Office of Humanitarian Demining and subse-quently as a member of the board of di-rectors and four-term president of the 501(c)3 Mine Advisory Group, MAG, America. 
Pat was the first Director of the Of-
fice of Humanitarian Demining where he organized and led the U.S. Govern-ment worldwide demining program for nearly 10 years. Under his determined and capable leadership in those forma-tive years, U.S. participation expanded its efforts to remove the scourge of landmines, unexploded bombs and shells left behind in former areas of conflict. From its modest beginnings that program today is working around the world to save civilians from becom-ing limbless victims of past wars. 
Before his retirement from the State 
Department in 2006, Mr. Patierno oversaw a $60 million program that supported humanitarian mine action assistance to over 40 countries. Subse-quent to his retirement, he joined the board of directors of MAG America to carry on his humanitarian work in the area of demining and unexploded ord-nance. At the same time Mr. Patierno served as the U.S. advocate for the Slo-venian-based International Trust Fund for Demining and Mine Victims Assist-ance. Mr. Patierno became president of the MAG America board in January 2011. So strong and dedicated was his leadership that at the request of the board, he served four 1-year terms as president. 
Many Senators know of my long in-
terest in stopping the death and maim-ing of civilians from landmines and other unexploded ordnance left behind when conflicts end. The carnage does not stop when the soldiers cease com-bat: civilians continue dying and suf-fering long after the fighting stops, and they continue to do so today. That is why I, as former chairman and now ranking member of the Department of State and Foreign Operations sub-committee of the Appropriations Com-mittee have so strongly supported the dedicated work of Pat Patierno and his colleagues. 
I close by expressing my admiration 
of and appreciation for Pat Patierno’s selfless service, outstanding leadership, commitment, determination, and te-nacity in this most noble and worthy cause. 
f 
JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS 
ON THE LIBRARY 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, on 
May 14, 2015, the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library organized, elected a chairman, a vice chairman, and adopted committee rules for the 114th Congress. Members of the Joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.033 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2929 May 14, 2015 
Committee on the Library elected Sen-
ator R OYBLUNT as chairman and Con-
gressman G REGG HARPER as vice chair-
man. Pursuant to rule XXVI, para-graph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE OF THE JOINT COM-
MITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY , 114 TH 
CONGRESS  
TITLE I —MEETINGS OF THE COMMITTEE  
1. Regular meetings may be called by the 
Chairman, with the concurrence of the Vice- Chairman, as may be deemed necessary or pursuant to the provision of paragraph 3 of rule XXVI of the Standings Rules of the Sen-ate. 
2. Meetings of the committee, including 
meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or series of meetings by the committee on the same subject for a period of no more than 14 cal-endar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only whether the matters enumerated in subparagraphs (A) through (F) would require the meeting to be closed followed immediately by a recorded vote in open session by a majority of the members of the committee when it is determined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or meetings— 
(A) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-
eign relations of the United States; 
(B) will relate solely to matters of the 
committee staff personal or internal staff management or procedures; 
(C) will tend to charge an individual with 
a crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of privacy of an individual; 
(D) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terest of effective law enforcement; 
(E) will disclose information relating to 
the trade secrets or financial or commercial information pertaining specifically to a given person if— 
(1) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or 
(2) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the benefit, and is required to be kept secret in order to prevent undue injury to the com-petitive position of such person; or 
(F) may divulge matters required to kept 
confidential under the provisions of law or Government regulation. (Paragraph 5(b) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate.) 
3. Written notices of committee meetings 
will normally be sent by the committee’s staff director to all members at least 3 days in advance. In addition, the committee staff will email or telephone reminders of com-mittee meetings to all members of the com-mittee or to the appropriate staff assistants in their offices. 
4. A copy of the committee’s intended 
agenda enumerating separate items of com-mittee business will normally be sent to all 
members of the committee by the staff direc-tor at least 1 day in advance of all meetings. This does not preclude any member of the committee from raising appropriate non- agenda topics. 
5. Any witness who is to appear before the 
committee in any hearing shall file with the clerk of the committee at least 3 business days before the date of his or her appearance, a written statement of his or her proposed testimony and an executive summary there-of, in such form as the Chairman may direct, unless the Chairman waived such a require-ment for good cause. 
TITLE II —QUORUMS  
1. Pursuant to paragraph 7(a)(1) of rule 
XXVI of the Standing Rules, 4 members of the committee shall constitute a quorum. 
2. Pursuant to paragraph 7(a)(2) of rule 
XXVI of the Standing Rules, 2 members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony; provided, however, once a quorum is established, any one member can continue to take such testi-mony. 
3. Under no circumstance may proxies be 
considered for the establishment of a quorum. 
TITLE III —VOTING  
1. Voting in the committee on any issue 
will normally be by voice vote. 
2. If a third of the members present so de-
mand, a recorded vote will be taken on any question by roll call. 
3. The results of the roll call votes taken in 
any meeting upon a measure, or any amend-ment thereto, shall be stated in the com-mittee report on that measure unless pre-viously announced by the committee, and such report or announcement shall be in-clude a tabulation of the votes cast in favor and the votes cast in opposition to each measure and amendment by each member of the committee. (Paragraph 7(b) and (c) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules.) 
4. Proxy voting shall be allowed on all 
measures and matters before the committee. However, the vote of the committee to re-port a measure or matters shall require the concurrence of a majority of the members of the committee who are physically present at the time of the vote. Proxies will be allowed in such cases solely for the purpose of re-cording a member’s position on the question and then only in those instances when the absentee committee member has been in-formed of the question and has affirmatively requested that he be recorded. (Paragraph 7(a)(3) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules.) 
TITLE IV —DELEGATION AND AUTHORITY TO THE  
CHAIRMAN AND VICE CHAIRMAN  
1. The Chairman and Vice Chairman are 
authorized to sign all necessary vouchers and routine papers for which the commit-tee’s approval is required and to decide in the committee’s behalf on all routine busi-ness. 
2. The Chairman is authorized to engage 
commercial reporters for the preparation of transcripts of committee meetings and hear-ings. 
3. The Chairman is authorized to issue, on 
behalf of the committee, regulations nor-mally promulgated by the committee at the beginning of each session. 
f 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, on 
May 14, 2015, the Joint Committee on Printing organized, elected a chairman, a vice chairman, and adopted com-
mittee rules for the 114th Congress. Members of the Joint Committee on Printing elected Senator R
OYBLUNT as 
vice chairman and Congressman G REGG  
HARPER as chairman. Pursuant to rule 
XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING , 114 TH 
CONGRESS  
RULE 1 .—COMMITTEE RULES  
(a) The rules of the Senate and House inso-
far as they are applicable, shall govern the Committee. 
(b) The Committee’s rules shall be pub-
lished in the Congressional Record as soon as possible following the Committee’s organiza-tional meeting in each odd-numbered year. 
(c) Where these rules require a vote of the 
members of the Committee, polling of mem-bers either in writing or by telephone shall not be permitted to substitute for a vote taken at a Committee meeting, unless the Ranking Minority Member assents to waiver of this requirement. 
(d) Proposals for amending Committee 
rules shall be sent to all members at least one week before final action is taken there-on, unless the amendment is made by unani-mous consent. 
RULE 2 .—REGULAR COMMITTEE MEETINGS  
(a) The regular meeting date of the Com-
mittee shall be the second Wednesday of every month when the House and Senate are in session. A regularly scheduled meeting need not be held if there is no business to be considered and after appropriate notification is made to the Ranking Minority Member. Additional meetings may be called by the Chairman, as he may deem necessary or at the request of the majority of the members of the Committee. 
(b) If the Chairman of the Committee is 
not present at any meeting of the Com-mittee, the Vice-Chairman or Ranking Mem-ber of the majority party on the Committee who is present shall preside at the meeting. 
RULE 3 .—QUORUM  
(a) Five members of the Committee shall 
constitute a quorum, which is required for the purpose of closing meetings, promul-gating Committee orders or changing the rules of the Committee. 
(b) Three members shall constitute a 
quorum for purposes of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
RULE 4 .—PROXIES  
(a) Written or telegraphic proxies of Com-
mittee members will be received and re-corded on any vote taken by the Committee, except for the purpose of creating a quorum. 
(b) Proxies will be allowed on any such 
votes for the purpose of recording a mem-ber’s position on a question only when the absentee Committee member has been in-formed of the question and has affirmatively requested that he be recorded. 
RULE 5 .—OPEN AND CLOSED MEETINGS  
(a) Each meeting for the transaction of 
business of the Committee shall be open to the public except when the Committee, in open session and with a quorum present, de-termines by roll call vote that all or part of the remainder of the meeting on that day shall be closed to the public. No such vote shall be required to close a meeting that re-lates solely to internal budget or personnel matters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.074 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2930 May 14, 2015 
(b) No person other than members of the 
Committee, and such congressional staff and other representatives as they may authorize, shall be present in any business session that has been closed to the public. 
RULE 6 .—ALTERNATING CHAIRMANSHIP AND  
VICE-CHAIRMANSHIP BY CONGRESSES  
(a) The Chairmanship and Vice Chairman-
ship of the Committee shall alternate be-tween the House and the Senate by Con-gresses: The senior member of the minority party in the House of Congress opposite of that of the Chairman shall be the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. 
(b) In the event the House and Senate are 
under different party control, the Chairman and Vice Chairman shall represent the ma-jority party in their respective Houses. When the Chairman and Vice-Chairman represent different parties, the Vice-Chairman shall also fulfill the responsibilities of the Rank-ing Minority Member as prescribed by these rules. 
RULE 7 .—PARLIAMENTARY QUESTIONS  
Questions as to the order of business and 
the procedures of Committee shall in the first instance be decided by the Chairman; subject always to an appeal to the Com-mittee. 
RULE 8 .—HEARINGS : PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS  
AND WITNESSES  
(a) The Chairman, in the case of hearings 
to be conducted by the Committee, shall make public announcement of the date, place and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least one week before the commencement of that hearing unless the Committee deter-mines that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date. In the latter event, the Chairman shall make such public announcement at the earliest possible date. The staff director of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest of the Con-gressional Record as soon as possible after such public announcement is made. 
(b) So far as practicable, all witnesses ap-
pearing before the Committee shall file ad-vance written statements of their proposed testimony at least 48 hours in advance of their appearance and their oral testimony shall be limited to brief summaries. Limited insertions or additional germane material will be received for the record, subject to the approval of the Chairman. 
RULE 9 .—OFFICIAL HEARING RECORD  
(a) An accurate stenographic record shall 
be kept of all Committee proceedings and ac-tions. Brief supplemental materials when re-quired to clarify the transcript may be in-serted in the record subject to the approval of the Chairman. 
(b) Each member of the Committee shall be 
provided with a copy of the hearing tran-script for the purpose of correcting errors of transcription and grammar, and clarifying questions or remarks. If any other person is authorized by a Committee Member to make his corrections, the staff director shall be so notified. 
(c) Members who have received unanimous 
consent to submit written questions to wit-nesses shall be allowed two days within which to submit these to the staff director for transmission to the witnesses. The record may be held open for a period not to exceed two weeks awaiting the responses by wit-nesses. 
(d) A witness may obtain a transcript copy 
of his testimony given at a public session or, if given at an executive session, when au-thorized by the Committee. Testimony re-ceived in closed hearings shall not be re-leased or included in any report without the approval of the Committee. 
RULE 10 .—WITNESSES FOR COMMITTEE HEARINGS  
(a) Selection of witnesses for Committee 
hearings shall be made by the Committee staff under the direction of the Chairman. A 
list of proposed witnesses shall be submitted to the members of the Committee for review sufficiently in advance of the hearings to permit suggestions by the Committee mem-bers to receive appropriate consideration. 
(b) The Chairman shall provide adequate 
time for questioning of witnesses by all members, including minority Members and the rule of germaneness shall be enforced in all hearings notified. 
(c) Whenever a hearing is conducted by the 
Committee upon any measure or matter, the minority on the Committee shall be entitled, upon unanimous request to the Chairman be-fore the completion of such hearings, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with respect to the measure or matter dur-ing at least one day of hearing thereon. 
RULE 11 .—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
FURNISHED TO THE COMMITTEE  
The information contained in any books, 
papers or documents furnished to the Com-mittee by any individual, partnership, cor-poration or other legal entity shall, upon the request of the individual, partnership, cor-poration or entity furnishing the same, be maintained in strict confidence by the mem-bers and staff of the Committee, except that any such information may be released out-side of executive session of the Committee if the release thereof is effected in a manner which will not reveal the identity of such in-dividual, partnership, corporation or entity in connection with any pending hearing or as a part of a duly authorized report of the Committee if such release is deemed essen-tial to the performance of the functions of the Committee and is in the public interest. 
RULE 12 .—BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE  
HEARINGS  
The rule for broadcasting of Committee 
hearings shall be the same as Rule XI, clause 4, of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives. 
RULE 13 .—COMMITTEE REPORTS  
(a) No Committee report shall be made 
public or transmitted to the Congress with-out the approval of a majority of the Com-mittee except when Congress has adjourned: provided that any member of the Committee may make a report supplementary to or dis-senting from the majority report. Such sup-plementary or dissenting reports should be as brief as possible. 
(b) Factual reports by the Committee staff 
may be printed for distribution to Com-mittee members and the public only upon authorization of the Chairman either with the approval of a majority of the Committee or with the consent of the Ranking Minority Member. 
RULE 14 .—CONFIDENTIALITY OF COMMITTEE  
REPORTS  
No summary of a Committee report, pre-
diction of the contents of a report, or state-ment of conclusions concerning any inves-tigation shall be made by a member of the Committee or by any staff member of the Committee prior to the issuance of a report of the Committee. 
RULE 15 .—COMMITTEE STAFF  
(a) The Committee shall have a staff direc-
tor, selected by the Chairman. The staff di-rector shall be an employee of the House of Representatives or of the Senate. 
(b) The Ranking Minority Member may 
designate an employee of the House of Rep-resentatives or of the Senate as the minority staff director. 
(c) The staff director, under the general su-
pervision of the Chairman, is authorized to deal directly with agencies of the Govern-ment and with non-Government groups and individuals on behalf of the Committee. (d) The Chairman or staff director shall 
timely notify the Ranking Minority Member or the minority staff director of decisions made on behalf of the Committee. 
RULE 16 .—COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN  
The Chairman of the Committee may es-
tablish such other procedures and take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the foregoing rules or to facilitate the effective operation of the Committee. Specifically, 
the Chairman is authorized, during the in-terim periods between meetings of the Com-mittee, to act on all requests submitted by any executive department, independent agency, temporary or permanent commis-sions and committees of the Federal Govern-ment, the Government Publishing Office and any other Federal entity, pursuant to the re-quirements of applicable Federal law and regulations. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT 
GENERAL CHARLES ‘‘CHICK’’ CLEVELAND 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, 
today I wish to congratulate Lt. Gen. Charles ‘‘Chick’’ Cleveland of Mont-gomery, AL, for receiving the Congres-sional Gold Medal as one of the Amer-ican Fighter Aces. 
Lt. Gen. ‘‘Chick’’ Cleveland’s distin-
guished Air Force career spanned near-ly four decades, and more than 4,300 flight hours. His military decorations and awards include the Distinguished Service Medal (Air Force), Legion of Merit, Distinguished Flying Cross with oak leaf cluster, Meritorious Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters, Air Force Commendation Medal, Army Com-mendation Medal and Republic of Korea Order of Military Merit, Chung Mu. 
Less than 3 years after graduating 
from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, and within months of join-ing the 334th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron at Kimpo Air Base, South Korea, he scored four confirmed MiG–15 kills. On September 21, 1952, Lieuten-ant Cleveland’s squadron fought an-other flight of MiGs. Cleveland engaged one of the enemy aircraft and fired, scoring hits in the tail pipe, engine, and right wing. Within seconds, there was an explosion, and the MiG fell out of the sky. However, instead of watch-ing the MiG to claim credit for the kill, Lieutenant Cleveland broke off the engagement to assist his squadron. He left Korea with those four con-firmed kills—one confirmed victory short of becoming an ace. 
After the war, he was stationed with 
the 27th Fighter-Bomber Wing at Bergstrom Air Force Base in Texas, where he led the transition team to the Air Force’s new aircraft, the F–101 Voodoo. On August 10, 1962, Cleveland became the first pilot to achieve the 1000-flighthour mark in the Voodoo. 
Lieutenant General Cleveland also 
served with distinction in Vietnam as the executive assistant to Gen. William Westmoreland, commander, Military Assistance Command, Vietnam. 
In 2008, 55 years after his aerial vic-
tories in Korea, he finally gained offi-cial recognition by the U.S. Air Force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.038 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2931 May 14, 2015 
as a fighter ace. With the de-classifica-
tion of Soviet records in 2003, his friend and fellow Korean war ace, Dolph Overton discovered the Soviets’ ac-count of the events on September 21, 1952. With those records, as well as the testimonies of Cleveland’s wingman that day, Don Pascoe, and his former operations officer, Frederick ‘‘Boots’’ Blesse, the Air Force awarded Lieuten-ant General Cleveland credit for one of his two probable victories in Korea and officially recognized him as an Air Force Ace. 
Lieutenant General Cleveland retired 
from the Air Force in 1984 and settled in Montgomery, AL, close to where he once had command of the Air Univer-sity at Maxwell Air Force Base. He continues to involve himself in his community. I am proud to call Lieu-tenant General Charles ‘‘Chick’’ Cleve-land a fellow Alabamian and to ac-knowledge and celebrate his receipt of the Congressional Gold Medal. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING SUN RIVER 
WATERSHED GROUP 
∑Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I 
rise to recognize Montana’s Sun River Watershed Group from Cascade, MT, which was recently named one of four finalists for the 2015 North American Riverprize, a prestigious recognition from the International RiverFoundation. The award is meant to honor projects that have dem-onstrated excellence and diversity in river restoration. 
The Sun River Watershed Group was 
formed in 1994 and has since prioritized the management and restoration of the river. Nineteen years later, the project is still succeeding. The group has formed a collaborative effort to discuss and solve natural resource issues and has acted as a seamless liaison between management agencies and the public. 
Although the Sun River Watershed 
Group was not awarded the top prize, their tireless work makes all of Mon-tana exceedingly proud. They should be commended for their dedication to re-storing river flows to the Sun River as well as improving efficiency of water allocation for irrigation. To Montana, you are our winner for making our State a better place to live, work, and enjoy. ∑ 
f 
CELEBRATING SIDNEY HUN-
TINGTON AND REMEMBERING DAN CUDDY 
∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
this is a bittersweet week in my home State of Alaska. On Saturday, the cele-brated Athabascan Elder, Sidney Hun-tington, turned 100. That is indeed a cause for celebration. Sidney Hunting-ton’s life is the stuff of which legends are made. His book, ‘‘Shadows on the Koyukuk’’ published in 1993, details his remarkable life. Sidney’s inspiring ways are the subject of a stage play, 
‘‘The Winter Bear.’’ The Winter Bear is a play that tells the story of an abused, neglected Alaska Native teenager. He decides suicide is his best option until Athabascan elder Sidney Huntington shows him how to use traditional cul-ture to work through his despair and find his true voice 
Last evening as I approached the Na-
tional Law Enforcement Officers Me-morial to honor the memories of Alas-ka State Troopers Patrick Scott John-son and Gabriel Lenox Rich, I learned of the death of Dan Cuddy of Anchor-age. Dan was president of First Na-tional Bank Alaska for some six dec-ades. Dan was age 94. He leaves a re-markable legacy which is carried on today by his daughter Betsy Lawer and a large family of achievers. I will have more to say about the exemplary life of Dan Cuddy next week. 
Dennis McMillan, the recently re-
tired CEO of the Foraker Group spoke to KTVA last evening about Dan’s passing. Dennis said, ‘‘We’re losing his-tory, especially as we are losing these 90 plus citizens, but such a great legacy because they were still engaged with the community and totally involved in all sorts of things, and great role mod-els.’’ 
Dennis’s words seem especially ap-
propriate this week as we celebrate Dan’s legacy while at the same time wishing Sidney another 100 years of in-spiration to our Alaska community. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JON GEDNALSKE 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Jon Gednalske, an intern in my Washington, DC office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Jon is a graduate of Lincoln High 
School in Sioux Falls, SD. Currently, Jon is attending Luther College, where he is majoring in political science. Jon is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Jon Gednalske for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CASSANDRA KRANZ 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Cassandra Kranz, an intern in my Sioux Falls office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Cassandra is a graduate of Water-
town High School in Watertown, SD. Currently, Cassandra is attending Augustana College, where she is major-ing in accounting, business administra-tion, and government. Cassandra is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Cassandra Kranz for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to 
come. ∑
f 
TRIBUTE TO JESSE NELSON 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Jesse Nelson, an intern in my Washington, DC office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Jesse is a graduate of Milbank High 
School in Milbank, SD. Currently, Jesse is attending Augustana College, where he is majoring in government and international affairs. Jesse is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Jesse Nelson for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEXANDRA 
STANLEY 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Alexandra Stanley, an in-tern in my Washington, DC office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Alexandra is a graduate of Wash-
ington High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Alexandra is a recent graduate of the University of Arizona, where she ma-jored in English. Alexandra is a dedi-cated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experi-ence. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Alexandra Stanley for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN WEBER 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize John Weber, an intern in my Sioux Falls office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
John is a graduate of Highland Park 
Senior High School in Saint Paul, MN. John is also a recent graduate of South Dakota State University, where he ma-jored in animal science. John is a dedi-cated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experi-ence. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to John Weber for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CENTRAL PLUMBING 
CO. 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses have the unique opportunity to train skilled workers and create 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.034 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2932 May 14, 2015 
well-paying jobs for members of their 
communities, while also providing nec-essary services with quality customer service. These apprenticeship programs are becoming increasingly useful to add highly-skilled workers to the gen-eral workforce. In recognition of their contribution, this week’s Small Busi-ness of the Week is Central Plumbing Co. of Baton Rouge, La. 
Founded in 1974 by the Payne family, 
Central Plumbing began serving the Baton Rouge area with one truck and a commitment to quality plumbing serv-ice. In the more than 40 years since, the Payne family has grown their busi-ness into a 40-employee operation, op-erating 20 trucks across the Southern Louisiana region. Today, fourth gen-eration Master Plumber Jay Payne oversees operations of the business, continuing their commitment to pro-viding the highest level service in resi-dential and commercial plumbing. 
Central Plumbing’s commitment to 
service does not stop with their cus-tomers. With generations of Paynes joining the family business, the com-pany realized the need for an organized program to train the next generation of Master Plumbers. Central Plumbing apprenticeship program offers the op-portunity to learn the trade through paid, hands-on training and support. Programs like this can often serve as an alternative for individuals who do not pursue higher education. Appren-ticeship programs are beneficial oppor-tunities to pave the way for folks to become experts in a highly specialized field and get paid accordingly, and also provide a certain amount of security for sustained future of the industry and the small businesses who administer them. 
Congratulations again to Small Busi-
ness of the Week—Central Plumbing Co. Thank you for your decades of serv-ice and ongoing commitment to create good quality, high-paying jobs and to train the next generation of Louisian-ians to be Master Plumbers. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) reported that he had signed the following enrolled bills, which were 
previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 651. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’. 
H.R. 1075. An act to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’. 
At 1:08 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 36. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2048. An act to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 301 of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by Public Law 114–6, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate jointly re-appoint the following individuals each to a 2-year term on the Board of Direc-tors of the Office of Compliance: Ms. Barbara L. Camens of Washington, DC, Chair and Ms. Roberta L. Holzwarth of Rockford, Illinois. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to sections 5580 and 5581 of the revised statuses (20 U.S.C. 42–43), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Member of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Mr. B
ECERRA of California. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2004(b), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Member of the House of Representa-tives to the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Founda-tion: Mr. D
EUTCH of Florida. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Mr. I
SRAEL of New York and Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 8162 of Public Law 106–79, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representatives to the Dwight D. Ei-senhower Memorial Commission: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California. The message further announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Congressional- Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Mr. W
ALZof Min-
nesota, Ms. K APTUR of Ohio, Mr. H ONDA  
of California, and Mr. L IEUof Cali-
fornia. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Mr. H
ASTINGS of Florida, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER of New York, Mr. C OHEN of Ten-
nessee, and Mr. G RAYSON of Florida. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 2081, the Minority Leader re-appoints the following Mem-ber of the House of Representatives to the United States Capitol Preservation Commission: Ms. K
APTUR of Ohio. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 4(c) of House Reso-lution 5, 114th Congress, the Minority Leader re-appoints the following Mem-ber of the House of Representatives to the Tom Lantos Human Rights Com-mission: Mr. J
AMES P. M CGOVERN of 
Massachusetts, Co-Chair. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 955(b) note), the Minority Leader re-appoints the following Mem-ber of the House of Representatives to the National Council on the Arts: Ms. B
ETTY MCCOLLUM of Minnesota. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 2:08 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 665. An act to encourage, enhance, and 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1124. An act to amend the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
H.R. 2048. An act to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.039 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2933 May 14, 2015 
S. 1350. A bill to provide a short-term ex-
tension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 1357. A bill to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, May, 14, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 665. An act to encourage, enhance, and 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1124. An act to amend the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
H.R. 460. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effec-tively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–46). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 1338. A bill to amend the Federal Power 
Act to provide licensing procedures for cer-tain types of projects; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 1339. A bill to permanently authorize the 
special immigrant nonminister religious worker program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1340. A bill to amend the Mineral Leas-
ing Act to improve coal leasing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1341. A bill to amend section 444 of the 
General Education Provisions Act in order to improve the privacy protections available to students and their parents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ): 
S. 1342. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to conduct a study and issue a report that quantifies the energy savings benefits of operational efficiency programs and services 
for commercial, institutional, industrial, and governmental entities; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
N
ELSON ): 
S. 1343. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration to maintain a project to im-prove hurricane forecasting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 1344. A bill to clarify that nonprofit or-
ganizations such as Habitat for Humanity can accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. 
DONNELLY ): 
S. 1345. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to dia-betes self-management training by author-izing certified diabetes educators to provide diabetes self-management training services, including as part of telehealth services, under part B of the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1346. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish an e-prize competition pilot program to provide up to 4 financial awards to eligible entities that develop and verifiably demonstrate technology that re-duces the cost of electricity or space heat in a high-cost region; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ): 
S. 1347. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambula-tory surgical centers in determining mean-ingful EHR use, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. B
URR, 
Mr. K AINE, and Mr. W ARNER ): 
S. 1348. A bill to amend the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 with respect to high priority corridors on the National Highway System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
E
NZI): 
S. 1349. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mrs. 
B
OXER ): 
S. 1350. A bill to provide a short-term ex-
tension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1351. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 
18, United States Code, to update certain procedures applicable to commerce in fire-arms and remove certain Federal restric-tions on interstate firearms transactions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
T
OOMEY , Mr. D ONNELLY , and Ms. C OL-
LINS): 
S. 1352. A bill to increase Federal Pell 
Grants for the children of fallen public safe-ty officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 1353. A bill to ensure appropriate judi-
cial review of Federal Government actions by amending the prohibition on the exercise of jurisdiction by the United States Court of Federal Claims of certain claims pending in other courts; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. C
AR-
PER): 
S. 1354. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for recogni-tion of attending physician assistants as at-tending physicians to serve hospice patients, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1355. A bill to provide for higher edu-
cation reform; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. 
CARDIN ): 
S. 1356. A bill to clarify that certain provi-
sions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment promulgates and makes effective regu-lations relating to such provisions; consid-ered and passed. 
By Mr. M
CCONNELL: 
S. 1357. A bill to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1358. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national ceme-teries individuals who supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. 
N
ELSON ): 
S. 1359. A bill to allow manufacturers to 
meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and 
Mr. L EE): 
S. Res. 179. A resolution designating May 
16, 2015, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 30 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 30, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 81 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.011 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2934 May 14, 2015 
New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) and the Sen-
ator from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 81, a bill to authorize preferential treatment for certain imports from Nepal, and for other purposes. 
S. 127 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 127, a bill to prohibit Federal funding for motorcycle checkpoints, and for other purposes. 
S. 153 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
153, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize addi-tional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 246 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. D AINES ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 246, a bill to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Chil-dren, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ), the Sen-
ator from Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ), the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), 
the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M I-
KULSKI ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C ARPER ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ), the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ), the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W AR-
REN) and the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. B OOKER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 311, a bill to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to pre-vent bullying and harassment of stu-dents. 
S. 327 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 327, a bill to provide for auditable fi-nancial statements for the Department of Defense, and for other purposes. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent the special rule for contributions of qualified conservation contribu-tions, and for other purposes. S. 599 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 599, a bill to extend and ex-pand the Medicaid emergency psy-chiatric demonstration project. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify pre-sumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vi-cinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high- cost mortgage. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from 
Indiana (Mr. C OATS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reau-thorize and modernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 797 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
797, a bill to amend the Railroad Revi-talization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the 
Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 980 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G RASS -
LEY) was added as a cosponsor of S. 980, 
a bill to clarify the definition of navi-gable waters, and for other purposes. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 1006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1006, a bill to incentivize early adoption of positive train con-trol, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1101 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1101, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the regulation of patient records and certain decision support software. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Missouri 
(Mrs. M CCASKILL ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1119, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commis-sion. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1126, a bill to modify and ex-tend the National Guard State Part-nership Program. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.016 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2935 May 14, 2015 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the au-thority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1175 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1175, a bill to improve the safety of haz-ardous materials rail transportation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1252, a bill to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to de-veloping countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable pop-ulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1265 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1265, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Defense to make certain cer-tifications to Congress before retiring B–1, B–2, or B–52 bomber aircraft. 
S. 1287 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1287, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and ex-tend the program for viral hepatitis surveillance, education, and testing in order to prevent deaths from chronic liver disease and liver cancer, and for other purposes. 
S. 1299 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1299, a bill to revise and extend provi-sions under the Garrett Lee Smith Me-morial Act. S. 1324 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1324, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to fulfill certain requirements before regulating standards of perform-ance for new, modified, and recon-structed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1330 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1330, a bill to amend the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to prohibit dis-crimination on account of sexual ori-entation or gender identity when ex-tending credit. 
S. 1334 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1334, a bill to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregu-lated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other pur-poses. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued vio-lation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 157 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 157, a resolution rec-ognizing the economic, cultural, and political contributions of the South-east-Asian American community on the 40th anniversaries of the beginning of Khmer Rouge control over Cambodia and the beginning of the Cambodian Genocide and the end of the Vietnam War and the ‘‘Secret War’’ in the King-dom of Laos. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 168, a resolution recog-nizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster care system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to im-prove the lives of children in the foster care system. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. 
BURR, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. W AR-
NER): S. 1348. A bill to amend the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 with respect to high priority corridors on the National Highway System, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I am in-
troducing the Route to Opportunity and Development Act of 2015, which would amend the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act, ISTEA, of 1991 to begin the process toward eventually making the Raleigh to Nor-folk Corridor in North Carolina and Virginia part of the Interstate system, and to help fully upgrade the corridor to interstate standards. My colleagues, Senator R
ICHARD BURR, Senator T IM 
KAINE, and Senator M ARKWARNER have 
agreed to cosponsor the bill. In addi-tion, Congressman G.K. B
UTTERFIELD  
has introduced a companion bill in the House of Representatives. 
The Route to Opportunity and Devel-
opment Act of 2015 would designate the following as high priority: the Raleigh- Norfolk Corridor from Raleigh, NC, through Rocky Mount, Williamston, and Elizabeth City, NC, to Norfolk, VA. 
If the Raleigh-Norfolk corridor be-
comes part of the Interstate system, it would connect vital centers of com-merce in the Raleigh and Norfolk/ Hampton Roads region. Raleigh and Hampton Roads are two of the largest east coast metropolitan regions served by a single primary interstate route and this act proposes a second primary interstate route for the two areas. 
This act helps advance the North 
Carolina Department of Transpor-tation’s Strategic Transportation Cor-ridors Vision, which aims to provide North Carolina with a network of high priority corridors to promote economic development and enhance interstate commerce. It is also an important part of the future vision for transportation in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Fed-eral High Priority Corridors are eligi-ble for Federal funds to assist states in the coordination, planning, design and construction of nationally significant transportation corridors for the pur-poses of economic growth and inter-national and interregional growth. 
By Mr. M CCONNELL: 
S. 1357. A bill to extend authority re-
lating to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terror-ists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1357 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.017 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2936 May 14, 2015 
SECTION 1. EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY UNDER 
THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R OVING SURVEILLANCE AND ACCESS TO  
BUSINESS RECORDS .—Section 102(b)(1) of the 
USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthor-ization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’. 
(b) I
NDIVIDUAL TERRORISTS AS AGENTS OF  
FOREIGN POWERS .—Section 6001(b)(1) of the 
Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. S ULLIVAN , 
Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ): 
S. 1358. A bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national cemeteries individuals who supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
today, I am reintroducing a piece of legislation which I strongly believe in and know that it is long overdue. The Hmong Veterans’ Service Recognition Act is a bill to authorize the interment in national cemeteries of Hmong vet-erans who served in support of U.S. forces during the Vietnam War. I, along with a bipartisan group of col-leagues, Senators Klobuchar, Sullivan, Franken, and Whitehouse believe this is an appropriate honor. 
Public Law 106–207, The Hmong Vet-
erans’ Naturalization Act of 2000 al-ready acknowledges Hmong Special Guerilla Unit’s contributions during Vietnam and recognizes the service of Hmong Special Guerilla Unit veterans for the purpose of naturalization. Today we try to write the next chapter for these brave veterans and grant them the one right they are requesting, to be buried in our U.S. national ceme-teries. 
The Hmong were ideal candidates for 
America’s secret war—they were fight-ers known for their bravery and war-rior traditions who knew the rocky mountain terrain of Northern Laos very well. The U.S. Central Intel-ligence Agency conducted covert oper-ations in Laos which employed some 60,000 Hmong volunteers in Special Guerilla Units. The Hmong Fighters in-terrupted operations on the Ho Chi Minh trail and assisted in downed air-craft recovery operations of American Airmen. In Laos, they valiantly fought the Vietnamese and Laotian Com-munists for over a decade and were critical to America’s war efforts in Vietnam. 
This year marks the 40th anniversary 
of the end of the Vietnam War. More than 35,000 Hmong lost their lives and many more were injured and disabled. I would like to recognize several Hmong Combat Veterans who live in Alaska. Lieutenant Pasert Lee from Mountain View in Achorage, AK, was injured in 1972 when his bunker was bombed while providing radio support for American jets in Laos. He recovered after several 
days, made his way to a refugee camp and many years later he was able to come to America. Lieutenant Wilson Chong Neng Vang, Sergeant Tong Pao Less and Sergeant Xia Ger Vang reside in Anchorage, AK, and are recognized for their selfless service in the U.S. Se-cret Army, Kingdom of Laos. 
There are currently over 260,000 
Hmong people in America and accord-ing to the 2010 Census, the heaviest concentrations are in California, Min-nesota, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Michigan, Colorado, Georgia, Okla-homa, Oregon, and my home state of Alaska. Of the Hmong who became U.S. citizens, approximately 6,000 veterans are still with us today, and they de-serve the choice to be buried in na-tional cemeteries. 
This concept is not without prece-
dent. Currently, burial benefits are available for Philippine Armed Forces veterans who answered the call to serve during World War II, just like the Hmong. This legislation would not grant the small group of Hmong vet-erans full veteran benefits, but would simply authorize their interment in na-tional cemeteries across the Nation. A small, but deserved token of apprecia-tion and an appropriate honor for their sacrifices towards a common goal of democracy and freedom in the world. 
I believe it is time to recognize the 
Hmong-American’s bravery, sacrifice and loyalty to the United States. We would like to honor the Hmong Special Guerilla Unit Veterans’ service and sacrifices by allowing them to be bur-ied alongside their brothers in arms in our national cemeteries. Again, I ap-preciate the support of my colleagues who have joined me to introduce this legislation and look forward to work-ing with them and others in the Senate to finally getting this approved into law. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, today 
marks the 40th anniversary of the be-ginning of the forced exit of many members of the Hmong community from Laos following the U.S. with-drawal of troops from Vietnam. Tens of thousands of the Hmong came to my State of Minnesota, and today in Min-nesota, we are honoring this anniver-sary with Hmong American Day. I am proud to join my State in recognizing the remarkable service of those who fought on our behalf, and in cele-brating the contributions of Hmong Americans to our shared community over the last 40 years. 
The way I like to explain to people 
why there are so many Hmong Ameri-cans in Minnesota is by telling them that there are many fewer American names on the Vietnam War Memorial because of what the Hmong did for us during the ‘‘secret war.’’ Many people in America still do not realize that. But as the permanent memorial at Ar-lington says about the Hmong fighters and their American advisors: ‘‘Their patriotic valor and loyalty in the de-fense of liberty and democracy will never be forgotten.’’ In Minnesota, we 
recognize the remarkable service the Hmong fighters performed for our country, and we will never forget. 
The Senate resolution I am proud to 
join Senator H
IRONO and many of our 
colleagues in introducing in recogni-tion of May as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month states, ‘‘the actions of the Hmong in Laos in support of the United States during the Vietnam War saves the lives of countless people of the United States.’’ The Hmong fought on our behalf and saved American lives. But as the new communist re-gime took control in Laos, the Hmong were forced to begin their journey as refugees. For many, this journey would eventually end in Minnesota. Today, the vibrant Hmong American commu-nity in the Twin Cities—the largest urban Hmong community in the coun-try—and throughout Minnesota is tens of thousands strong and is woven into the fabric of our society. 
You can see their tremendous con-
tribution to American life every day in the many small businesses started by Hmong Americans on University Ave-nue, or at Hmong Village. You can see it in all the ways that Hmong Ameri-cans have brought their culture to the United States and helped to shape the culture of today’s Minnesota. I also re-main incredibly proud that Minnesota can boast that we had the Nation’s very first Hmong American State legis-lator with my good friend Mee Moua, who has become a national leader on Asian American issues. I am glad oth-ers have followed in her wake. 
Representing the Hmong American 
community in the Senate is an impor-tant part of my job. That is why I am a cosponsor of a bill being reintroduced by Senator M
URKOWSKI of Alaska along 
with my fellow Minnesota Senator, Senator K
LOBUCHAR , to make sure that 
Hmong fighters in the ‘‘secret war’’ can be honored with burial in our national cemeteries. The Hmong Americans who fought for us deserve nothing less. It is also why I traveled to Laos several years ago to engage the Lao Govern-ment directly on protecting the Hmong people, including refugees who had been forcibly repatriated to Laos from Thailand. 
And it is why I fight for the Hmong 
Americans of Minnesota every day in the Senate. Hmong Americans want the same things that all Americans want—good-paying jobs, a bright fu-ture for their children, excellent health care. It is my job to help make sure those things are within everyone’s reach. 
The Hmong American community 
has come through so much adversity as they left Laos and as they resettled in America, and they faced that adversity with resilience and courage. They serve as an inspiration to us all. 
We are so proud that the Hmong 
American community is part of the Minnesota—and the American—com-munity. I am very pleased to join Min-nesota in celebrating Hmong American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.015 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2937 May 14, 2015 
Day—to celebrate the community’s 
achievements and to commemorate the sacrifices of their loved ones in support of American troops so many years ago. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1358 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hmong Vet-
erans’ Service Recognition Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY FOR INTERMENT IN NA-
TIONAL CEMETERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2402(a) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) Any individual— ‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) was naturalized pursuant to section 
2(1) of the Hmong Veterans’ Naturalization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–207; 8 U.S.C. 1423 note); and 
‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death 
resided in the United States; or 
‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) the Secretary determines served with a 
special guerrilla unit or irregular forces op-erating from a base in Laos in support of the Armed Forces of the United States at any time during the period beginning February 28, 1961, and ending May 7, 1975; and 
‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death— ‘‘(I) was a citizen of the United States or 
an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; and 
‘‘(II) resided in the United States.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to an individual dying on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 179—DESIG-
NATING MAY 16, 2015, AS ‘‘KIDS TO PARKS DAY’’ 
Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. L EE) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 179 
Whereas the 5th annual Kids to Parks Day 
will be celebrated on May 16, 2015; 
Whereas the goal of Kids to Parks Day is 
to promote healthy outdoor recreation and environmental stewardship, empower young people, and encourage families to get out-doors and visit the parks and public land of the United States; 
Whereas on Kids to Parks Day, individuals 
from rural and urban areas of the United States can be reintroduced to the splendid national, State, and neighborhood parks lo-cated in their communities; 
Whereas communities across the United 
States offer a variety of natural resources and public land, often with free access, to in-dividuals seeking outdoor recreation; 
Whereas the people of the United States, 
young and old, should be encouraged to lead more healthy and active lifestyles; 
Whereas Kids to Parks Day is an oppor-
tunity for families to take a break from their busy lives and come together for a day of active, wholesome fun; and Whereas Kids to Parks Day will broaden an 
appreciation for nature and the outdoors in young people, foster a safe setting for inde-pendent play and healthy adventure in neighborhood parks, and facilitate self-reli-ance while strengthening communities: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates May 16, 2015, as ‘‘Kids to 
Parks Day;’’ 
(2) recognizes the importance of outdoor 
recreation and the preservation of open spaces to the health and education of the young people of the United States; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe the day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and activities. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1226. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
REED, and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1227. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1228. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
N
ELSON , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1229. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1230. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1231. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1232. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1233. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1234. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1235. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1236. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1237. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra. 
SA 1238. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1239. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1240. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH ) 
proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1295, to extend the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment pro-gram for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
SA 1241. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 644, 
to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes. 
SA 1242. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
SA 1243. Mr. HATCH (for Mr. F
LAKE ) pro-
posed an amendment to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra. 
SA 1244. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1245. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1246. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1247. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1248. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1226. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. K IRK, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. R EED, and Mr. P ETERS ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—EXPANDING TRADE EXPORTS 
SEC. 301. REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE INSPECTION 
AND GRADING PROGRAM. 
(a) F OOD, CONSERVATION , AND ENERGY ACT 
OF2008.—Effective June 18, 2008, section 11016 
of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Effective 
February 7, 2014, section 12106 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 981) is repealed. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.058 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2938 May 14, 2015 
1621 et seq.) shall be applied and adminis-
tered as if the provisions of law struck by this section had not been enacted. 
SA 1227. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 109, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) O UTREACH AND INPUT FROMSMALL BUSI-
NESSES TO TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY .— 
Section 609 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f)(1) Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the President submits the notifica-tion required under section 5(a) of the Bipar-tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Adminis-tration (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Chief Counsel’) shall convene an Inter-agency Working Group (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘Working Group’), which shall consist of an employee from each of the following agencies, as selected by the head of the agency or an official delegated by the head of the agency: 
‘‘(A) The Office of the United States Trade 
Representative. 
‘‘(B) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(C) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(D) Any other agency that the Chief 
Counsel, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines to be relevant with respect to the subject of the trade agreement being negotiated pursuant to section 3(b) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (in this subsection referred to as the ‘covered trade agreement’). 
‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the Chief Counsel convenes the Working Group under paragraph (1), the Chief Counsel shall identify a diverse group of small entities, representatives of small entities, or a combination thereof, to provide to the Working Group the views of small businesses in the manufacturing, services, and agriculture industries on the potential economic effects of the covered trade agree-ment. 
‘‘(3)(A) Not later than 180 days after the 
date on which the Chief Counsel convenes the Working Group under paragraph (1), the Chief Counsel shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the economic impacts of the covered trade agreement on small entities, which shall— 
‘‘(i) identify the most important priorities, 
opportunities, and challenges to various in-dustries from the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(ii) assess the impact for new small enti-
ties to start exporting, or increase their ex-ports, to markets in the covered trade agree-ment; 
‘‘(iii) analyze the competitive position of 
industries likely to be significantly affected by the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(iv) identify— ‘‘(I) any State-owned enterprises in each 
country pertaining to the covered trade agreement that could be pose a threat to small entities; and 
‘‘(II) any steps to take to create a level- 
playing field for those small entities; ‘‘(v) identify any rule of an agency that 
should be modified to become compliant with the covered trade agreement; and 
‘‘(vi) include an overview of the method-
ology used to develop the report, including the number of small entity participants by industry, how those small entities were se-lected, and any other factors that the Chief Counsel may determine appropriate. 
‘‘(B) To ensure that negotiations for the 
covered trade agreement are not disrupted, the President may require that the Chief Counsel delay submission of the report under subparagraph (A) until after the negotiations of the covered trade agreement are con-cluded, provided that the delay allows the Chief Counsel to submit the report to Con-gress not later than 45 days before the Sen-ate or the House of Representatives acts to approve or disapprove the covered trade agreement. 
‘‘(C) The Chief Counsel shall, to the extent 
practicable, coordinate the submission of the report under this paragraph with the United States International Trade Commission, the United States Trade Representative, other agencies, and trade advisory committees to avoid unnecessary duplication of reporting requirements.’’. 
(d) S
TATE TRADE AND EXPORT PROMOTION  
GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 22 of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 652) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (m); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(l) S TATE TRADE AND EXPORT PROMOTION  
GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible small business con-
cern’ means a business concern that— 
‘‘(i) is organized or incorporated in the 
United States; 
‘‘(ii) is operating in the United States; 
‘‘(iii) meets— ‘‘(I) the applicable industry-based small 
business size standard established under sec-tion 3; or 
‘‘(II) the alternate size standard applicable 
to the program under section 7(a) of this Act and the loan programs under title V of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 695 et seq.); 
‘‘(iv) has been in business for not less than 
1 year, as of the date on which assistance using a grant under this subsection com-mences; 
‘‘(v) is export ready, as determined by the 
Associate Administrator; and 
‘‘(vi) has access to sufficient resources to 
bear the costs associated with exporting and doing business with foreign purchasers, in-cluding the costs of packing, shipping, freight forwarding, and customs brokers; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘program’ means the State 
Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program established under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(C) the term ‘rural small business con-
cern’ means an eligible small business con-cern located in a rural area, as that term is defined in section 1393(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
‘‘(D) the term ‘socially and economically 
disadvantaged small business concern’ has the meaning given that term in section 8(a)(4)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)(A)); and 
‘‘(E) the term ‘State’ means each of the 
several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa. 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The As-
sociate Administrator shall establish a trade and export promotion grant program, to be known as the ‘State Trade and Export Pro-motion Grant Program’, to make grants to States to carry out export programs that as-
sist eligible small business concerns in— 
‘‘(A) participation in a foreign trade mis-
sion; 
‘‘(B) a foreign market sales trip; ‘‘(C) a subscription to services provided by 
the Department of Commerce; 
‘‘(D) the payment of website translation 
fees; 
‘‘(E) the design of international marketing 
media; 
‘‘(F) a trade show exhibition; ‘‘(G) participation in training workshops; ‘‘(H) a reverse trade mission; ‘‘(I) procurement of foreign consultancy 
services (after consultation with the Depart-ment of Commerce to avoid duplication); or 
‘‘(J) any other export initiative determined 
appropriate by the Associate Administrator. 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) J OINT REVIEW .—In carrying out the 
program, the Associate Administrator may make a grant to a State to increase the num-ber of eligible small business concerns in the State that export and to increase the value of the exports by eligible small business con-cerns in the State. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making grants 
under this subsection, the Associate Admin-istrator may give priority to an application by a State that proposes an export program that— 
‘‘(i) focuses on eligible small business con-
cerns as part of an export promotion pro-gram; 
‘‘(ii) demonstrates intent to promote ex-
ports by— 
‘‘(I) socially and economically disadvan-
taged small business concerns; 
‘‘(II) small business concerns owned or con-
trolled by women; and 
‘‘(III) rural small business concerns; ‘‘(iii) promotes exports from a State that is 
not 1 of the 10 States with the highest per-centage of exporters that are eligible small business concerns, based upon the most re-cent data available from the Department of Commerce; and 
‘‘(iv) includes— ‘‘(I) activities which have resulted in the 
highest return on investment based on the most recent year; and 
‘‘(II) the adoption of shared best practices 
included in the annual report of the Admin-istration. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) S INGLE APPLICATION .—A State may not 
submit more than 1 application for a grant under the program in any 1 fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROPORTION OF AMOUNTS .—The total 
value of grants made under the program dur-ing a fiscal year to the 10 States with the highest percentage of exporters that are eli-gible small business concerns, based upon the most recent data available from the De-partment of Commerce, shall be not more than 40 percent of the amounts appropriated for the program for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) D
URATION .—The Associate Adminis-
trator shall award a grant under this pro-gram for a period of not more than 2 years. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A State desiring a grant 
under the program shall submit an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and ac-companied by such information as the Asso-ciate Administrator may establish. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSULTATION TO REDUCE DUPLICA -
TION.—A State desiring a grant under the 
program shall— 
‘‘(I) before submitting an application under 
clause (i), consult with applicable trade agencies of the Federal Government on the scope and mission of the activities the State proposes to carry out using the grant, to en-sure proper coordination and reduce duplica-tion in services; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.025 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2939 May 14, 2015 
‘‘(II) document the consultation conducted 
under subclause (I) in the application sub-mitted under clause (i). 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE BASIS .—The Associate 
Administrator shall award grants under the program on a competitive basis. 
‘‘(5) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of an export program carried out using a grant under the program shall be— 
‘‘(A) for a State that has a high export vol-
ume, as determined by the Associate Admin-istrator, not more than 65 percent; and 
‘‘(B) for a State that does not have a high 
export volume, as determined by the Asso-ciate Administrator, not more than 75 per-cent. 
‘‘(6) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal 
share of the cost of an export program car-ried out using a grant under the program shall be comprised of not less than 50 percent cash and not more than 50 percent of indirect costs and in-kind contributions, except that no such costs or contributions may be de-rived from funds from any other Federal pro-gram. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Associate Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) a description of the structure of and 
procedures for the program; 
‘‘(ii) a management plan for the program; 
and 
‘‘(iii) a description of the merit-based re-
view process to be used in the program. 
‘‘(B) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Associate Adminis-
trator shall publish on the website of the Ad-ministration an annual report regarding the program, which shall include— 
‘‘(I) the number and amount of grants 
made under the program during the pre-ceding year; 
‘‘(II) a list of the States receiving a grant 
under the program during the preceding year, including the activities being per-formed with each grant; 
‘‘(III) the effect of each grant on exports by 
eligible small business concerns in the State receiving the grant; 
‘‘(IV) the total return on investment for 
each State; and 
‘‘(V) a description of best practices by 
States that showed high returns on invest-ment and significant progress in helping more eligible small business concerns to ex-
port. 
‘‘(ii) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—On the date on 
which the Associate Administrator publishes a report under clause (i), the Associate Ad-ministrator shall notify the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Busi-ness of the House of Representatives that the report has been published. 
‘‘(8) R
EVIEWS BY INSPECTOR GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General 
of the Administration shall conduct a review of— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which recipients of 
grants under the program are measuring the performance of the activities being con-ducted and the results of the measurements; and 
‘‘(ii) the overall management and effective-
ness of the program. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Inspector General of the Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a 
report regarding the use of amounts made available under the State Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program under section 1207 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 649b note). 
‘‘(ii) N
EW STEP PROGRAM .—Not later than 18 
months after the date on which the first grant is awarded under this subsection, the Inspector General of the Administration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report regarding the review conducted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(9) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program— 
‘‘(A) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $35,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(E) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
(e) M
EMBERSHIP OF REPRESENTATIVES OF  
STATE TRADE PROMOTION AGENCIES ON TRADE  
PROMOTION COORDINATING COMMITTEE .—Sec-
tion 2312 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) R
EPRESENTATIVES FROM STATE TRADE  
PROMOTION AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The TPCC shall also in-
clude 1 or more members appointed by the President, after consultation with associa-tions representing State trade promotion agencies, who are representatives of State trade promotion agencies. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM.—A member appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. 
‘‘(C) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .— 
‘‘(i) N O COMPENSATION .—A member of the 
TPCC appointed under subparagraph (A) shall serve without compensation. 
‘‘(ii) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the 
TPCC appointed under subparagraph (A) shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates au-thorized for employees of agencies under sub-chapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the homes or regular place of business of the member in the performance of services for the TPCC. 
‘‘(iii) A
DMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary of Commerce, or the head of an-other agency, as appropriate, shall make available to a member of the TPCC ap-pointed under subparagraph (A) administra-tive services and assistance, including a se-curity clearance, as the member may reason-ably require to carry out services for the TPCC.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘(other than members described in subsection (d)(2))’’ after ‘‘Members of the TPCC’’. 
(f) S
TATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT PROMOTION  
COORDINATION WORKING GROUP .—Subtitle C 
of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4721 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 2313 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2313A. STATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT PRO-
MOTION COORDINATION WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the pol-
icy of the United States to promote exports as an opportunity for small businesses. In ex-ercising their powers and functions in order to advance that policy, all Federal depart-
ments and agencies shall work construc-tively with State and local agencies engaged in export promotion and export financing ac-tivities. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The President shall 
establish a State and Federal Export Pro-motion Coordination Working Group (in this section referred to as the ‘Working Group’) as a subcommittee of the Trade Promotion Coordination Committee (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘TPCC’). 
‘‘(c) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Work-
ing Group are— 
‘‘(1) to identify issues related to the coordi-
nation of Federal resources relating to ex-port promotion and export financing with such resources provided by State and local 
governments; 
‘‘(2) to identify ways to improve coordina-
tion with respect to export promotion and export financing activities through the stra-tegic plan developed under section 2312(c); 
‘‘(3) to develop a strategy for improving co-
ordination of Federal and State resources re-lating to export promotion and export fi-nancing, including methods to eliminate du-plication of effort and overlapping functions; and 
‘‘(4) to develop a strategic plan for consid-
ering and implementing the suggestions of the Working Group as part of the strategic plan developed under section 2312(c). 
‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall select the members of the Work-ing Group, who shall include— 
‘‘(1) representatives from State trade agen-
cies representing regionally diverse areas; and 
‘‘(2) representatives of the departments 
and agencies that are represented on the TPCC, who are designated by the heads of their respective departments or agencies to advise the head on ways of promoting the ex-portation of United States goods and serv-ices.’’. 
(g) R
EPORT ON IMPROVEMENTS TO EX-
PORT .GOV AS A SINGLE WINDOW FOR EXPORT  
INFORMATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Associate Administrator for International Trade of the Small Business Administration shall, after consultation with the entities specified in paragraph (2), submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes the recommendations of the Associate Administrator for improving the experience provided by the Internet website Export.gov (or a successor website) as— 
(A) a comprehensive resource for informa-
tion about exporting articles from the United States; and 
(B) a single website for exporters to submit 
all information required by the Federal Gov-ernment with respect to the exportation of articles from the United States. 
(2) E
NTITIES SPECIFIED .—The entities speci-
fied in this paragraph are— 
(A) small business concerns (as defined in 
section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) that are exporters; and 
(B) the President’s Export Council, State 
agencies with responsibility for export pro-motion or export financing, district export councils, and trade associations. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Small Business and 
Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Small Business and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(h) S
MALL BUSINESS INTERAGENCY TASK 
FORCE ON EXPORT FINANCING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and the Overseas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.026 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2940 May 14, 2015 
Private Investment Corporation shall jointly 
establish a Small Business Inter-Agency Task Force on Export Financing to— 
(A) review and improve Federal export fi-
nance programs for small business concerns; and 
(B) coordinate the activities of the Federal 
Government to assist small business con-cerns seeking to export. 
(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
(i) A
VAILABILITY OF STATE RESOURCES  
GUIDES ON EXPORT .GOV.—The Secretary of 
Commerce shall make available on the Inter-
net website Export.gov (or a successor website) information on the resources relat-ing to export promotion and export financing available in each State— 
(1) organized by State; and (2) including information on State agencies 
with responsibility for export promotion or export financing and district export councils and trade associations located in the State. 
SA 1228. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, 
Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—TARIFF PREFERENCE LEVEL 
PROGRAMS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF TARIFF PREFERENCE 
LEVEL PROGRAM FOR NICARAGUA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall pro-
claim an extension until December 31, 2024, of the preferential tariff treatment for ap-parel goods imported from Nicaragua— 
(1) described in U.S. Note 15 to subchapter 
XV of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States; and 
(2) provided for under Annex 3.28 of the Do-
minican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement and the letters described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 1634(a)(2) of the Miscellaneous Trade and Technical Corrections Act of 2006 (title XIV of Public Law 109–280; 120 Stat. 1167). 
(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION OF ONE-FOR- 
ONE PURCHASING RULE FOR COTTON WOVEN  
TROUSERS .—The limitation specified in 
clause (iv) of paragraph (7)(b) of the letter described in section 1634(a)(2)(A) of the Mis-cellaneous Trade and Technical Corrections Act of 2006 shall apply with respect to the one-for-one purchasing rule described in paragraph (7)(b) of that letter in each year after the extension pursuant to subsection (a) of the preferential tariff treatment de-scribed in that subsection. 
(c) A
MENDMENT TO MISCELLANEOUS TRADE  
AND TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS ACT OF 2006.— 
Section 1634(c) of the Miscellaneous Trade and Technical Corrections Act of 2006 is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘under Annex 3.28 of the 
Agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘under the Nica-raguan tariff preference level program’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘provided in Annex 3.28 of 
the Agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘under the Nicaraguan tariff preference level program’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘provided 
in Annex 3.28 of the Agreement’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under the Nicaraguan tariff preference level program’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) N
ICARAGUAN TARIFF PREFERENCE LEVEL  
PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘Nicaraguan tariff preference level pro-gram’ means the preferential tariff treat-ment provided for under Annex 3.28 of the Agreement and extended pursuant to the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
(d) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
514 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law, and subject to paragraph (2), any entry of an article to which duty-free treatment or other pref-erential treatment under the Nicaraguan tariff preference level program would have applied if the entry had been made on De-cember 31, 2014, that was made— 
(A) after December 31, 2014, and (B) before the effective date of the presi-
dential proclamation referred to in sub-section (a), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred after the effective date of the presidential proclamation referred to in subsection (a). 
(2) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-
tion may be made under paragraph (1) with respect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection not later than 180 days after the ef-fective date of the presidential proclamation referred to in subsection (a) that contains sufficient information to enable U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection— 
(A) to locate the entry; or (B) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be 
located. 
(3) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of an article under paragraph (1) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liquidation or re-liquidation (as the case may be). 
(4) E
NTRY DEFINED .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘entry’’ includes a withdrawal from warehouse for consumption. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION OF TARIFF PREFERENCE 
LEVEL PROGRAM FOR BAHRAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—U.S. Note 13 to sub-
chapter XIV of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2016, through 
July 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2026, through July 31, 2026’’; and 
(2) in the matter following paragraph (d), 
by striking ‘‘July 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2026’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to articles entered, or withdrawn from ware-house for consumption, on or after January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 303. EXTENSION OF TARIFF PREFERENCE 
LEVEL PROGRAM FOR MOROCCO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—U.S. Note 64(b) to sub-
chapter XII of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘shall be as follows:’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘As used in this note’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be 10,000,000 SME for each of the calendar years 2016 through 2025. As used in this note’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to articles entered, or withdrawn from ware-house for consumption, on or after January 1, 2016. 
SA 1229. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF TARIFF PREFERENCE 
LEVEL PROGRAM FOR NICARAGUA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall pro-
claim an extension until December 31, 2024, of the preferential tariff treatment for ap-parel goods imported from Nicaragua— 
(1) described in U.S. Note 15 to subchapter 
XV of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States; and 
(2) provided for under Annex 3.28 of the Do-
minican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement and the letters described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 1634(a)(2) of the Miscellaneous Trade and Technical Corrections Act of 2006 (title XIV of Public Law 109–280; 120 Stat. 1167). 
(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION OF ONE-FOR- 
ONE PURCHASING RULE FOR COTTON WOVEN  
TROUSERS .—The limitation specified in 
clause (iv) of paragraph (7)(b) of the letter described in section 1634(a)(2)(A) of the Mis-cellaneous Trade and Technical Corrections Act of 2006 shall apply with respect to the one-for-one purchasing rule described in paragraph (7)(b) of that letter in each year after the extension pursuant to subsection (a) of the preferential tariff treatment de-scribed in that subsection. 
(c) A
MENDMENT TO MISCELLANEOUS TRADE  
AND TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS ACT OF 2006.— 
Section 1634(c) of the Miscellaneous Trade and Technical Corrections Act of 2006 is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘under Annex 3.28 of the 
Agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘under the Nica-raguan tariff preference level program’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘provided in Annex 3.28 of 
the Agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘under the Nicaraguan tariff preference level program’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘provided 
in Annex 3.28 of the Agreement’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under the Nicaraguan tariff preference level program’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) N
ICARAGUAN TARIFF PREFERENCE LEVEL  
PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘Nicaraguan tariff preference level pro-gram’ means the preferential tariff treat-ment provided for under Annex 3.28 of the Agreement and extended pursuant to the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
(d) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
514 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law, and subject to paragraph (2), any entry of an article to which duty-free treatment or other pref-erential treatment under the Nicaraguan tariff preference level program would have applied if the entry had been made on De-cember 31, 2014, that was made— 
(A) after December 31, 2014, and (B) before the effective date of the presi-
dential proclamation referred to in sub-section (a), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred after the effective date of the presidential proclamation referred to in subsection (a). 
(2) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-
tion may be made under paragraph (1) with respect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection not later than 180 days after the ef-fective date of the presidential proclamation referred to in subsection (a) that contains 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.026 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2941 May 14, 2015 
sufficient information to enable U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection— 
(A) to locate the entry; or (B) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be 
located. 
(3) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of an article under paragraph (1) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liquidation or re-liquidation (as the case may be). 
(4) E
NTRY DEFINED .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘entry’’ includes a withdrawal from warehouse for consumption. 
SA 1230. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 105(a), add the fol-
lowing: 
(6) O BSERVANCE OF HUMAN RIGHTS .—In de-
termining whether to enter into negotiations with a particular country, the President shall take into account whether the govern-ment of that country engages in a consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights. 
SA 1231. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b)(14), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(D) to seek commitments from United 
States trading partners to strengthen their legal institutions, including by establishing an independent judiciary, ensuring the inde-pendence of prosecutors, and ensuring that such institutions are fully funded. 
SA 1232. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(c)(4), insert before the end 
period the following: ‘‘, including a discus-sion of those activities that strengthen good governance, rule of law, effective legal re-gimes, and protections for internationally recognized human rights’’. 
SA 1233. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) R EQUIREMENT FOR CONGRESSIONAL AP -
PROVAL .— (A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, section 103(b)(3) of this Act and the provisions of section 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2191) (relat-ing to trade authorities procedures) shall not apply to any bill implementing a trade agreement between the United States and any other country or countries if such trade agreement or implementing legislation con-tains any provision that would permit, with-out the approval of Congress— 
(i) modifications, amendments, or addi-
tions to the provisions of any such agree-ment or implementing legislation; 
(ii) modification of the parties to any such 
agreement; 
(iii) the adoption of an interpretation of 
any such agreement, if such interpretation affects United States law or policy; or 
(iv) the granting of a waiver of any obliga-
tion under any such agreement, if such waiv-er affects United States law or policy. 
(B) P
OINT OF ORDER IN SENATE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—When the Senate is con-
sidering an implementing bill, upon a point of order being made by any Senator against any part of the implementing bill or trade agreement that contains material in viola-tion of subparagraph (A), and the point of order is sustained by the Presiding Officer, the Senate shall cease consideration of the implementing bill under the trade authori-ties procedures referred to in subparagraph (A). 
(ii) W
AIVERS AND APPEALS .— 
(I) W AIVERS .—Before the Presiding Officer 
rules on a point of order described in clause (i), any Senator may move to waive the point of order. Such motion to waive shall not be subject to amendment. A point of order described in clause (i) may only be waived by the affirmative vote of 60 Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn. 
(II) A
PPEALS .—After the Presiding Officer 
rules on a point of order under this subpara-graph, any Senator may appeal the ruling of the Presiding Officer on the point of order as it applies to some or all of the provisions on which the Presiding Officer ruled. A ruling of the Presiding Officer on a point of order de-scribed in clause (i) is sustained unless a ma-jority of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, vote not to sustain the ruling. 
(III) D
EBATE .—Debate on a motion to waive 
under subclause (I) or on an appeal of the ruling of the Presiding Officer under sub-clause (II) shall be limited to 1 hour. Such time shall be equally divided between, and controlled by, the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate, or their des-ignees. 
(C) I
N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘approval of Congress’’ means the af-firmative vote of both chambers of Congress in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures of each chamber. 
SA 1234. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) L IMITATION ON IMMIGRATION PROVI -
SIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, section 103(b)(3) of this Act and sec-tion 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2191) (relating to trade authorities proce-dures) shall not apply to any bill imple-menting a trade agreement between the 
United States and any other country if the trade agreement or the implementing bill contains any provision relating to the immi-gration laws of the United States or the entry of aliens into the United States. 
(8) P
OINT OF ORDER IN SENATE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—When the Senate is con-
sidering an implementing bill, upon a point of order being made by any Senator against any part of the implementing bill or trade agreement that contains material in viola-tion of paragraph (7), and the point of order is sustained by the Presiding Officer, the Senate shall cease consideration of the im-plementing bill under the trade authorities procedures referred to in section 103(b)(3) of this Act or set forth in section 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2191). 
(B) W
AIVERS AND APPEALS .— 
(i) W AIVERS .—Before the Presiding Officer 
rules on a point of order described in sub-paragraph (A), any Senator may move to waive the point of order and the motion to waive shall not be subject to amendment. A point of order described in subparagraph (A) is waived only by the affirmative vote of 60 Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn. 
(ii) A
PPEALS .—After the Presiding Officer 
rules on a point of order under this subpara-graph, any Senator may appeal the ruling of the Presiding Officer on the point of order as it applies to some or all of the provisions on which the Presiding Officer ruled. A ruling of the Presiding Officer on a point of order de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is sustained un-less a majority of the Members of the Sen-ate, duly chosen and sworn, vote not to sus-tain the ruling. 
(iii) D
EBATE .—Debate on a motion to waive 
under clause (i) or on an appeal of the ruling of the Presiding Officer under clause (ii) shall be limited to 1 hour, which shall be equally divided between, and controlled by, the Majority Leader and the Minority Lead-er of the Senate, or their designees. 
SA 1235. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) E NERGY .—The principal negotiating 
objectives of the United States with respect to trade in natural gas are— 
(A) to ensure that energy expenditures by 
consumers, including households and busi-nesses, in the United States do not increase; 
(B) to protect key sectors of the United 
States economy that are energy intensive and exposed to the effects of trade, such as manufacturing, from price increases or job losses; 
(C) to promote the energy security of the 
United States, including the ability of the United States to reduce its reliance on im-ported oil; and 
(D) to ensure that domestic natural gas 
supplies are used to meet the future energy needs of the United States, including through use in the transportation, indus-trial, and electricity sectors of the United States. 
SA 1236. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.027 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2942 May 14, 2015 
appeal relating to adverse determina-
tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATION ON TRADE AUTHORITIES PRO -
CEDURES FOR CERTAIN AGREEMENTS .—The 
trade authorities procedures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with re-spect to a trade agreement or trade agree-ments entered into under section 3(b) if the agreement or agreements allow for national treatment for trade in natural gas. 
SA 1237. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
At the end of section 2(a), add the fol-
lowing: 
(13) to take into account conditions relat-
ing to religious freedom of any party to ne-gotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. 
SA 1238. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title II. 
SA 1239. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—TRADE PREFERENCES FOR 
NEPAL 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Nepal 
Trade Preferences Act’’. 
SEC. 302. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may au-
thorize the provision of preferential treat-ment under this title to articles that are im-ported directly from Nepal into the customs territory of the United States pursuant to section 703 if the President determines— 
(1) that Nepal meets the requirements set 
forth in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)); and 
(2) after taking into account the factors 
set forth in paragraphs (1) through (7) of sub-section (c) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462), that Nepal meets the eli-gibility requirements of such section 502. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT ; MANDA -
TORY GRADUATION .—The provisions of sub-
sections (d) and (e) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462) shall apply with respect to Nepal to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to beneficiary developing coun-tries under title V of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2461 
et seq.). 
SEC. 303. ELIGIBLE ARTICLES. 
(a) C ERTAIN MANUFACTURED AND OTHER AR-
TICLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An article described in 
paragraph (2) may enter the customs terri-tory of the United States free of duty. 
(2) A
RTICLES DESCRIBED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An article is described in 
this paragraph if— 
(i) the article is the growth, product, or 
manufacture of Nepal; 
(ii) the article is imported directly from 
Nepal into the customs territory of the United States; 
(iii) the article is described in subpara-
graphs (B) through (G) of subsection (b)(1) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463); 
(iv) the President determines, after receiv-
ing the advice of the United States Inter-national Trade Commission in accordance with subsection (e) of that section, that the article is not import-sensitive in the context of imports from Nepal; and 
(v) subject to subparagraph (C), the sum of 
the cost or value of the materials produced in, and the direct costs of processing oper-ations performed in, Nepal or the customs territory of the United States is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—An article shall not be 
treated as the growth, product, or manufac-ture of Nepal for purposes of subparagraph (A)(i) by virtue of having merely under-gone— 
(i) simple combining or packaging oper-
ations; or 
(ii) mere dilution with water or mere dilu-
tion with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the article. 
(C) L
IMITATION ON UNITED STATES COST .— 
For purposes of subparagraph (A)(v), the cost or value of materials produced in, and the di-rect costs of processing operations performed in, the customs territory of the United States and attributed to the 35-percent re-quirement under that subparagraph may not exceed 15 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
(b) T
EXTILE AND APPAREL ARTICLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A textile or apparel arti-
cle described in paragraph (2) or (3) may enter the customs territory of the United States free of duty. 
(2) T
EXTILE AND APPAREL ARTICLES WHOLLY  
ASSEMBLED IN NEPAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A textile or apparel arti-
cle is described in this paragraph if the tex-tile or apparel article is— 
(i) wholly assembled in Nepal, without re-
gard to the country of origin of the yarn or fabric used to make the articles; and 
(ii) imported directly from Nepal into the 
customs territory of the United States. 
(B) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(i) L OW VOLUME OF IMPORTS .—If, during a 
calendar year, imports of textile and apparel articles described in subparagraph (A) from Nepal are less than 1 percent of the aggre-gate square meter equivalents of all textile and apparel articles imported into the cus-toms territory of the United States during that calendar year, such imports from Nepal may be increased to an amount that is equal to not more than 1.5 percent of the aggregate square meter equivalents of all textile and apparel articles imported into the customs territory of the United States during that calendar year for the succeeding calendar year. 
(ii) H
IGHER VOLUME OF IMPORTS .—If, during 
a calendar year, imports of textile and ap-parel articles described in subparagraph (A) from Nepal are at least 1 percent of the ag-
gregate square meter equivalents of all tex-tile and apparel articles imported into the customs territory of the United States dur-ing that calendar year, such imports from Nepal may be increased by an amount that is equal to not more than 
1⁄3of 1 percent of the 
aggregate square meter equivalents of all textile and apparel articles imported into the customs territory of the United States during that calendar year for the succeeding calendar year. 
(iii) A
GGREGATE COUNTRY LIMIT .—In no case 
may the aggregate quantity of textile and apparel articles described in subparagraph (A) imported into the customs territory of the United States from Nepal during a cal-endar year under this subsection exceed the applicable percentage set forth in paragraph (4)(B) for that calendar year. 
(3) H
ANDLOOMED , HANDMADE , FOLKLORE AR -
TICLES AND ETHNIC PRINTED FABRICS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A textile or apparel arti-
cle is described in this paragraph if the tex-tile or apparel article is— 
(i) imported directly from Nepal into the 
customs territory of the United States; 
(ii) on a list of textile and apparel articles 
determined by the President, after consulta-tion with the Government of Nepal, to be handloomed, handmade, folklore articles or ethnic printed fabrics of Nepal; and 
(iii) certified as a handloomed, handmade, 
folklore article or an ethnic printed fabric of Nepal by the competent authority of Nepal. 
(B) E
THNIC PRINTED FABRIC .—For purposes 
of subparagraph (A), an ethnic printed fabric of Nepal is fabric— 
(i) containing a selvedge on both edges and 
having a width of less than 50 inches; 
(ii) classifiable under subheading 5208.52.30 
or 5208.52.40 of the Harmonized Tariff Sched-ule of the United States; 
(iii) of a type that contains designs, sym-
bols, and other characteristics of Nepal— 
(I) normally produced for and sold in indig-
enous markets in Nepal; and 
(II) normally sold in Nepal by the piece as 
opposed to being tailored into garments be-fore being sold in indigenous markets in Nepal; 
(iv) printed, including waxed, in Nepal; and (v) formed in the United States from yarns 
formed in the United States or formed in Nepal from yarns originating in either the United States or Nepal. 
(4) L
IMITATIONS ON BENEFITS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Preferential treatment 
under this subsection shall be extended in the 1-year period beginning January 1, 2016, and in each of the succeeding 10 1-year peri-ods, to imports of textile and apparel articles from Nepal under this subsection in an amount not to exceed the applicable percent-age of the aggregate square meter equiva-lents of all textile and apparel articles im-ported into the customs territory of the United States in the most recent 12-month period for which data are available. 
(B) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes 
of this paragraph, the term ‘‘applicable per-centage’’ means 1.5 percent for the 1-year pe-riod beginning January 1, 2016, increased in each of the 10 succeeding 1-year periods by equal increments, so that for the 1-year pe-riod beginning January 1, 2025, the applicable percentage does not exceed 3.5 percent. 
(5) S
URGE MECHANISM .—The provisions of 
subparagraph (B) of section 112(b)(3) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)) shall apply to textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this subsection to the same extent and in the same manner that such provisions apply to textile and apparel articles de-scribed in such section 112(b)(3) and imported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.028 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2943 May 14, 2015 
from a beneficiary sub-Saharan African 
country. 
(6) S PECIAL ELIGIBILITY RULES ; PROTECTIONS  
AGAINST TRANSSHIPMENT .—The provisions of 
subsection (e) of section 112 and section 113 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721 and 3722) shall apply to textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this subsection to the same extent and in the same manner that such provisions apply to textile and apparel articles im-ported from beneficiary sub-Saharan coun-tries to which preferential treatment is ex-tended under such section 112. 
SEC. 304. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
The President shall monitor, review, and 
report to Congress, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, on the implementa-tion of this title and on the trade and invest-ment policy of the United States with re-spect to Nepal. 
SEC. 305. TERMINATION OF PREFERENTIAL 
TREATMENT. 
No preferential treatment extended under 
this title shall remain in effect after Decem-ber 31, 2025. 
SEC. 306. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The provisions of this title shall take ef-
fect on January 1, 2016. 
SA 1240. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
HATCH ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill H.R. 1295, to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Gen-eralized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Amend the title so as to read: 
‘‘An Act to extend the African Growth and 
Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes.’’ 
SA 1241. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
HATCH ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 644, to reauthorize 
trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: 
‘‘An Act to reauthorize trade facilitation 
and trade enforcement functions and activi-ties, and for other purposes.’’ 
SA 1242. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
On page 118, strike lines 19 through 23, and 
insert the following: 
(b) T RAINING FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 236(a)(2)(A) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not ex-ceed $575,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021.’’. 
(2) O
FFSET .— 
(A) C LARIFICATION OF 6 -YEAR STATUTE OF  
LIMITATIONS IN CASE OF OVERSTATEMENT OF  
BASIS .—Subparagraph (B) of Section 
6501(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(ii) An understatement of gross income by 
reason of an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis is an omission from gross income;’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(other than in the case of 
an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis)’’ in clause (iii) (as so redesig-nated) after ‘‘In determining the amount omitted from gross income’’, and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘AMOUNT OMITTED 
FROM’’ after ‘‘DETERMINATION OF’’ in the heading thereof. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by subparagraph (A) shall apply to— 
(i) returns filed after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(ii) returns filed on or before such date if 
the period specified in section 6501 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to such amendments for as-sessment of the taxes with respect to which such return relates has not expired as of such date. 
SA 1243. Mr. HATCH (for Mr. F LAKE ) 
proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
Strike title II. 
SA 1244. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. COMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY TO IN-
CREASE UNITED STATES EXPORTS TO AFRICA. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the President shall— 
(1) establish and implement a comprehen-
sive strategy to increase United States ex-ports to Africa by not less than 200 percent in real dollar value during the 10-year period beginning on such date of enactment; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on the 
strategy. 
SA 1245. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
SULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) E NERGY NEGOTIATIONS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in energy products and natural resources, including hydrocarbons such as oil, gas, and coal, and mineral and timber resources, are to obtain competitive opportunities for United States exports of energy products and natural resources in for-eign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports of energy products and natural re-
sources in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in energy products and natural re-sources. 
SA 1246. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
SULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) F ISHERIES NEGOTIATIONS .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products are to obtain competi-tive opportunities for United States exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish products in for-eign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish prod-ucts in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products. 
SA 1247. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
SULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 6(b), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATIONS ON PROCEDURES WITH RE -
SPECT TO AGREEMENTS THAT CHANGE IMMIGRA -
TION LAWS .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agree-ment or trade agreements entered into under section 3(b) that makes any changes to the immigration laws of the United States. 
SA 1248. Ms. CANTWELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE 
UNITED STATES 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Export-Im-
port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
Subtitle A—Taxpayer Protection Provisions 
and Increased Accountability 
SEC. 311. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.028 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2944 May 14, 2015 
each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means 
$135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF DEFAULT  
RATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the rate cal-
culated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 percent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insur-ance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under sec-tion 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 312. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank 
shall build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guaran-tees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 313. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank 
Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a– 6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not 
later than 4 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and 
effectiveness of the controls used by the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the con-trols, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such recommendations with respect to the con-trols described in paragraph (1) as the Comp-troller General deems appropriate to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 314. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
‘‘(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have ex-
perience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government 
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has ju-
risdiction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect to employees of the Bank, the Office of Eth-ics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to 
establish or enforce standards of official con-duct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector 
General of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct appli-
cable to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct es-
tablished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a viola-tion of any law applicable to the perform-ance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding 
the propriety of any current or proposed con-duct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 315. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 314, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be a Chief 
Risk Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk 
within the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the 
Bank from among persons— 
‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the 
general management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, finan-cial risk evaluation practices in large gov-ernmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk 
Officer are— 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters re-
lated to managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of manage-ment compliance with risk limits, and the management of risk exposures and risk con-trols across the Bank; 
‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management ac-tivities, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and managing internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk as-
sessment and underwriting for individual transactions considers how each such trans-action considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the over-all portfolio of the Bank, taking into ac-count fees, collateralization, and historic de-
fault rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by 
the Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 316. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 214 and 215, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
a management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Man-
agement Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire 
Bank portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of com-mercial and multilateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geo-
graphic, and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the 
default rate of the Bank before submission to Congress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Direc-tors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 317. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, including a review of the implementa-tion by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(l) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section 315. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years there-after, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in car-rying out subsection (a). 
SEC. 318. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-
vision of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associated with the provision of guarantees, insurance, or credit, or the participation in the extension of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGE -
MENT .—The aggregate amount of liability 
the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed $1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.030 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2945 May 14, 2015 
under subsection (a) during that fiscal year 
may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect, im-pede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program car-
ried out under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
Subtitle B—Promotion of Small Business 
Exports 
SEC. 321. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of 
the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 322. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL AND  
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall 
include in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the pro-grams of the Bank for United States busi-nesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United States submitted to Con-gress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
Subtitle C—Modernization of Operations 
SEC. 331. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with 
respect to transactions whenever possible, including copies of bills of lading, certifi-cations, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal enforcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all 
of its programs.’’. 
SEC. 332. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 
and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
Subtitle D—General Provisions 
SEC. 341. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the date on which the author-ity of the Export-Import Bank of the United States expires under section 7 of the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 342. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERMFINANC -
ING.—Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more 
than $25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING  
TOINSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS .—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section 11(a)(1)(A) of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i– 5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pursuant to inter-national agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-man-agement framework adopted by financial in-stitutions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in 
projects (commonly referred to as the ‘Equa-tor Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year there-after. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 351. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED  
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing 
based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies 
that discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions 
under paragraph (1) apply only to applica-tions for financing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or transmission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regard-less of the energy source involved.’’. 
SEC. 352. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT CRED-
IT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export- 
Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of elimi-
nating’’ and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reau-thorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strat-egy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non-OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-financing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export subsidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD M EM-
BERS .—The President shall initiate and pur-
sue negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilateral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported ex-port credits. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NE-
GOTIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of the Export-Im-port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through cal-endar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports re-quired to be submitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 353. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF  
BANK PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank 
of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by compa-nies that export information and commu-nications technology services and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall ex-amine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase ex-ports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and commu-nications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit 
agencies to facilitate the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.030 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2946 May 14, 2015 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank 
could provide additional financing for the ex-portation of information and communica-tions technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export cred-it agencies and other third parties. 
(5) Proposals for new products the Bank 
could offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications tech-nology services and related goods, includ-ing— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would 
need additional authority to offer new prod-ucts to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide in-creased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable 
the Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications tech-nology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide the fi-nancing to build information and commu-nications technology infrastructure, in com-pliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access oppor-tunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that 
contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 14, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Issues Impacting End-Users and Mar-ket Liquidity.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 14, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 14, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate on May 14, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘A Pathway to Improving Care for Medi-care Patients with Chronic Condi-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 14, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on May 14, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity: Setting the Rules for Responsible Global Cyber Behavior.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE  
LIBRARY  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on May 14, 2015, at 3:40 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Joint Committee on Printing be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 14, 2015, at 3:50 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
IRS BUREAUCRACY REDUCTION 
AND JUDICIAL REVIEW ACT 
AMERICA GIVES MORE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that, not-withstanding the passage of H.R. 1295 and H.R. 644, the title amendments, Nos. 1240 and 1241, be agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 1240) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: 
‘‘An act to extend the African Growth and 
Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes.’’ 
The amendment (No. 1241) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: 
‘‘An act to reauthorize trade facilitation 
and trade enforcement functions and activi-ties, and for other purposes.’’ RELATING TO PROVISIONS OF THE 
BORDER PATROL AGENT PAY REFORM ACT OF 2014 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 1356, introduced earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1356) to clarify that certain provi-
sions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment promulgates and makes effective regu-lations relating to such provisions. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1356) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1356 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Border 
Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–277) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—Subsections (b), 
(c), (d), and (g), and the amendments made by such subsections, shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2016, except that— 
‘‘(1) any provision in section 5550(b) of title 
5, United States Code, as added by subsection (b), relating to administering elections and making advance assignments to a regular tour of duty, shall be applicable before such effective date to the extent determined nec-essary by the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management; and 
‘‘(2) the Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management may issue such regulations as may be necessary before such effective date.’’. 
(b) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall be deemed to have been enacted on the date of the enactment of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014. 
f 
KIDS TO PARKS DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 179. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 179) designating May 
16, 2015, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.030 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2947 May 14, 2015 
the table with no intervening action or 
debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 179) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 1350, S. 1357, and H.R. 2048 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I understand that there are three bills at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bills by title for the first time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1350) to provide a short-term ex-
tension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
A bill (S. 1357) to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes. 
A bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading, and I object to my own request, all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will receive their second reading on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 18, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2 p.m., Monday, May 18; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 3 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; further, that following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
Senators should expect at least two rollcall votes at 5:30 p.m. on Monday in relation to amendments to the TPA bill. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
MAY 18, 2015, AT 2 P.M. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:01 p.m., adjourned until Monday, May 18, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
SECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION  
CORPORATION  
LESLIE E. BAINS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A DIRECTOR OF 
THE SECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2015, VICE WILLIAM S. JASIEN, TERM EXPIRED. 
LESLIE E. BAINS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A DIRECTOR OF 
THE SECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2018. (REAPPOINT-MENT) 
INTER –AMERICAN FOUNDATION  
JUAN CARLOS ITURREGUI, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE INTER– AMERICAN FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 26, 2020, VICE THOMAS JOSEPH DODD, TERM EXPIRED. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
KARL BOYD BROOKS, OF KANSAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, VICE CRAIG E. HOOKS, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
LAURA FARNSWORTH DOGU, OF TEXAS, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA. 
JOHN L. ESTRADA, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBASSADOR 
EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TRIN-IDAD AND TOBAGO. 
SAMUEL D. HEINS, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE AMBAS-
SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
THOMAS O. MELIA, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE PAIGE EVE ALEXANDER, RESIGNED. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED TO THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(D): 
To be rear admiral 
PETER J. BROWN SCOTT A. BUSCHMAN MICHAEL F. MCALLISTER JUNE E. RYAN JOSEPH M. VOJVODICH 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PAUL E. BAUMAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL ANTONIO A. AGUTO, JR. COLONEL MARIA B. BARRETT COLONEL JAMES E. BONNER COLONEL JEFFERY D. BROADWATER COLONEL XAVIER T. BRUNSON COLONEL CHARLES H. CLEVELAND COLONEL DOUGLAS C. CRISSMAN COLONEL TIMOTHY J. DAUGHERTY COLONEL BRADLEY K. DREYER COLONEL JOHN R. EVANS, JR. COLONEL ANTONIO M. FLETCHER COLONEL PATRICK D. FRANK COLONEL BRADLEY T. GERICKE COLONEL STEVEN W. GILLAND COLONEL KARL H. GINGRICH COLONEL WILLIAMS H. GRAHAM, JR. COLONEL CHARLES R. HAMILTON COLONEL DIANA M. HOLLAND COLONEL GARY W. JOHNSTON 
COLONEL KENNETH L. KAMPER COLONEL JOHN S. LASKODI COLONEL DONNA W. MARTIN COLONEL JOSEPH P. MCGEE COLONEL RANDALL A. MCINTIRE COLONEL JOHN E. NOVALIS II COLONEL MARK W. ODOM COLONEL PAUL H. PARDEW COLONEL THOMAS A. PUGH COLONEL JAMES H. RAYMER COLONEL JOHN B. RICHARDSON IV COLONEL ANDREW M. ROHLING COLONEL MICHEL M. RUSSELL, SR. COLONEL THOMAS H. TODD III COLONEL JOEL K. TYLER COLONEL KEVIN VEREEN COLONEL DANIEL R. WALRATH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WILLIAM W. WAY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 156: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DARSE E. CRANDALL 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ROBERT B. ALLMAN III DAVID K. BEAVERS BYRON V. BRIDGES HOWARD F. CANTRELL RAYNARD J. CHURCHWELL DEAN A. DARROUX RAYMOND E. FOLSOM LESLIE J. FORBESMARIANI JAMES J. FOSTER EVERETT J. FRANKLIN BRET J. GILMORE COLLIN S. GROSSRUCK ABDULLAH A. HULWE ERNEST M. IBANGA MICHAEL L. JEFFRIES CRAIG M. JOHNSON CARRON A. JONES KRZYSZTOF A. KOPEC VAIOA T. LEAU SUN C. LEE BRAD P. LEWIS ROBERT E. MARSI KEVIN B. MATEER SHAWN E. MCCAMMON ERIC R. MEYNERS BYUNG K. MIN FLORIO F. PIERRE KELLY D. PORTER DAVID A. SCHNARR MICHAEL T. SHELLMAN ROBERT R. STEVENSON MARK A. STEWART ANTHONY L. TAYLOR, SR. STANTON D. TROTTER SEAN S. C. WEAD RICHARD F. WINCHESTER EDWARD J. YURUS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
LYDE C. ANDREWS JONATHAN D. BAILEY HOWARD M. BANKSTON RONALD BOYD WILLIAM A. BRECKENRIDGE APRILL M. BRIGHT ROBERT A. CARGEL BRYANT J. CASTEEL HWA S. CHUNG JOHN L. CRAVEN TIMOTHY S. CRAWLEY KEVIN M. DAUL DAVID S. DENNIS BENJAMIN S. DUNCAN BENJAMIN F. ELLINGTON JONATHAN P. ENTREKIN JONATHAN R. FISHER RONNY D. FISHER, JR. JOHN B. GABRIEL DAVID A. HICKS DWAYNE W. HUGHES LYNDON A. JONG ABRAHAMYOUNG K. KIM BILL E. KIM EUN S. KIM JOSEPH W. LAWHORN SEAN A. LEVINE ERIC L. LIGHT CHARLES G. LOWMAN PAUL LYNN MATTHEW D. MADISON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G14MY6.073 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2948 May 14, 2015 
SEAN R. MAGNUSON 
MARK A. MCCORKLE MATTHEW T. MILLER KEVIN B. MUCHER WILLIAM M. OLIVER PATRICK A. OPP JOEL S. PANZER ERIC D. PARK COLT L. RANDLES PHILLIP P. RITTERMEYER FRANTZO SAINTVAL ABRAHAM SARMIENTO WILLIAM J. SHEETS BRIAN K. SMITH STEVEN D. SMITH WILLIAM J. SMITH JOHN C. SNEED ARLES C. SUTHERLAND AARON R. SWARTZ MICHAEL D. TURPIN, JR. GEORGE A. TYGER EVERETT E. ZACHARY D012582 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR REGULAR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ELIZABETH M. LIBAO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS A CHAPLAIN UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JOHN J. MORRIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER A. WODARZ 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
FATMATTA M. KUYATEH LUCAS S. MCDONALD MARY S. PADEN PAUL J. ROSZKO MICHAEL J. SCARCELLA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MAREGINA L. WICKS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
NIKKI K. CONLIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be commander 
MICHAEL R. CATHEY 
To be lieutenant commander 
SARAH BALLARD LAURENCE J. BELIN BRANDON G. CHEW CRAIG S. COLEMAN JUSTIN A. DYE CHARLES L. EGAN THOMAS M. HEARTY JUSTIN R. HENNING JASON D. KEHRER DAVID J. KLIMASKI PIROSKA K. KOPAR LINDSAY J. LIPINSKI CHRISTOPHER D. MAROULES SEAN T. MEINER EVELYN M. POTOCHNY ANDREW E. SHEEP JASON M. SOUZA MATTHEW T. STEPANOVICH ERIC H. TWERDAHL, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be captain 
TERESA M. ALLEN 
JARED L. ANTEVIL STEPHEN P. ARLES JOHN C. ARNOLD SAIRA N. ASLAM LUKE H. BALSAMO JOHN T. BASSETT ERIC E. BELIN RODD J. BENFIELD CLIFFORD A. BLUMENBERG RODERICK C. BORGIE BRIAN N. BOWES RODNEY D. BOYUM SHAUN D. CARSTAIRS CHRISTOPHER B. CHISHOLM CHRISTOPHER B. CORNELISSEN CHARLES E. CRAVEN MICHAEL E. EPPERLY JESSE R. GEIBE MARSHAL F. HARPE JASON O. HEATON JOSE HENAO GEOFFREY S. JACOBY JAMES W. KECK PAMELA L. KRAHL STEVEN M. KRISS LAURENCE J. KUHN CHRISTOPHER T. KUZNIEWSKI TODD R. LAROCK JONATHAN M. LIESKE LUIS E. MARQUEZ GREGG J. MONTALTO WON K. MOON KRISTINA V. MOROCCO JOEL NATIONS ETHEL L. ONEAL CARL E. PETERSEN ALICIA R. SANDERSON GILBERT SEDA MICHAEL SEXTON INGRID V. SHELDON PETER R. SHUMAKER JAMES E. STEPENOSKY NIMFA C. TENEZAMORA MARK H. TUCKER JOHN VANSLYKE DAVID E. WEBSTER CARLOS D. WILLIAMS GORDON G. WISBACH JOON S. YUN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MARTIN J. ANERINO MARK R. BOONE LARRY C. BURTON WILLIE S. CHAO RAYNESE S. FIKES HEATHER L. GNAU JULIET R. HOFFMAN THOMAS B. JORDAN TARAS J. KONRAD PAUL I. LIM LAURA S. MCFARLAND 
SHAY S. RAZMI MELISSA L. RUFF MARTHA S. SCOTTY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
DAVID J. BACON THOMAS G. BODNOVICH, JR. RODERICK L. BOYCE TYSON J. BRUNSTETTER JOSEPH V. COHN GERALD T. DELONG JODY A. DREYER DOUGLAS W. FLETCHER RICHARD V. FOLGA EDRION R. GAWARAN DAVID W. HARDY MICHAEL J. KEMPER JOHN P. KENDRICK CARRIE H. KENNEDY FRANCIS V. MCLEAN DEVIN J. MORRISON DAN K. PATTERSON CHAD E. ROE JERRY N. SANDERS, JR. JENNIFER E. SMITH MATTHEW J. SWIERGOSZ SHANE A. VATH ANTHONY S. WILLIAMS RICHARD G. ZEBER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be captain 
ARTHUR R. BLUM DANIEL CIMMINO JUSTIN B. CLANCY ROBERT C. DETOLVE BRUCE A. GRAGERT ANDREW R. HOUSE DOMINIC J. JONES JON D. PEPPETTI LIA M. REYNOLDS AARON C. RUGH FLORENCIO J. YUZON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
PATRICK K. AMERSBACH DONNA N. BRADLEY TRACI L. BROOKS ANNE M. BROWN MARNIE S. BUCHANAN CAROL A. BURROUGHS SARAH M. BUTLER ANN M. CASE DENISE M. GECHAS ELIZABETH K. GILLARD SANDRA K. HEAVEN KATHLEEN A. HINZ MICHELE C. HUDDLESTON ETHAN B. JOSIAH TERRI A. KINSEY MARYANN C. MATTONEN BARBARA A. MULLEN CHRISTOPHER J. REDDIN ERIN C. ROBERTSON FRANCES C. SLONSKI DENNIS L. SPENCE KIMBERLY A. TAYLOR EVELYN J. TYLER ESTHER C. VOSSLER BARBARA C. WHITESIDE NANCY V. WILSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
CRAIG L. ABRAHAM BRIAN J. ANDERSON GEORGE E. BRESNIHAN WILLIAM H. CLARKE BRENT L. DESSING FREDERICK M. DINI TERREL J. FISHER JAMES R. S. GAYTON MATTHEW P. HOFFMAN CHONG HUNTER TRENT C. KALP CHRISTOPHER D. LIGHT SPENCER A. MOSELEY CHRISTOPHER T. NELSON SHAWN B. NORWOOD RICHARD A. PAQUETTE MARK C. RICE CHAD R. RIDDER BRIAN V. ROSA DAVID E. SMITH AARON S. TRAVER SCOTT Y. YAMAMOTO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
CHAD M. BROOKS SCOTT O. CLOYD JOSEPH L. GREESON ERIK J. KARLSON MICHAEL D. KENNEY, JR. SCOTT R. KING KIRK A. LAGERQUIST THOMAS M. MOSKAL ROD W. TRIBBLE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
HEATHER J. WALTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
WILLIAM A. HLAVIN BASHON W. MANN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14MY6.005 S14MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E701 May 14, 2015 
UNITING AND STRENGTHENING 
AMERICA BY FULFILLING RIGHTS AND ENSURING EFFEC-TIVE DISCIPLINE OVER MONI-TORING ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I have always 
been a staunch defender of privacy and civil liberties. I voted against the Patriot Act and its extension in 2008 and 2011 because I feared it gave the federal government too much un-checked power over the rights of law abiding citizens and lacked effective oversight tools for Congress. Clearly I was proven right. Thank-fully, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that the NSA’s program to collect telephone records in bulk under Section 215 of the Patriot Act is illegal. This was a big win for privacy and civil liberties advocates, but it is not the end of the fight. Given this decision, it is clear that Congress must do more to rein in unconstitutional intrusion into our personal lives. Unfortunately, today’s bill fell short of those reforms. 
H.R. 2048 is an improvement from the 
weakened bill that passed the House last year. However, it falls short of shutting the door on unrestrained government surveillance. The bill does nothing to address ‘‘backdoor’’ searches of U.S. citizens under Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act. This statute is possibly of more concern than the telephone records collected under Section 215. While Section 702 expressly prohibits the govern-ment from intentionally targeting the commu-nications of U.S. persons, the NSA has ap-plied an incredibly loose interpretation of this statute and used it to justify collecting not only communications records of U.S. citizens, but also the contents of communications, including email, social media messages, or web brows-ing history. 
While this bill attempts to address bulk data 
collection under Section 215 of the Patriot Act, the NSA has an unscrupulous tendency to find loopholes in statute and twist the intent of Congress to fulfill their own wishes. I fear that given our past experience, this bill will under-mine the Second Circuit’s decision and create new legal loopholes for the NSA and law en-forcement agencies to collect even more data on millions of Americans. 
It is possible to gain information on potential 
terrorist threats while still protecting the pri-
vacy and freedom of American citizens, com-plying with the Constitution, and preserving adequate congressional and judicial oversight. The original version of the USA Freedom Act, introduced in 2013, balanced these priorities. The bill we considered today did not. I urge the Senate to make the needed reforms to this bill so that it bolsters the Second Circuit’s de-cision and accomplishes the goal of once and for all ending mass government surveillance of law-abiding Americans. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
yesterday, I voted against this re-vamped version of H.R. 36, the ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.’’ This act is both dan-gerous and unconstitutional and violates the rights of women to an abortion. By allowing this act to become law, we are limiting the re-productive rights for all women in this nation. 
H.R. 36 is blatantly unconstitutional, as it 
bans abortions after the twenty week mark. This bill is in clear violation of more than 40 years of Supreme Court precedent that protect women’s access to abortion prior to viability— that is prior to twenty-four NOT twenty weeks. 
This bill provides fake fixes that make it 
worse than the first version of this bill. This bill requires sexual assault victims seeking abor-tion services after twenty weeks to provide written proof that they obtained counseling or medical treatment for their sexual assault. This bill also requires a minor, who is an incest vic-tim and who seeks abortion services after twenty weeks, to provide written proof that the crime was reported to law enforcement or a government agency. 
Forcing sexual assault victims and minor in-
cest victims to report their rape is bad enough, but this bill gets even more dangerous be-cause it requires doctors who provide abortion services after twenty weeks to publicly dis-close, to the government, the location of where care was provided. In light of Ameri-cans’ easy access to guns and explosive ma-terials, this provision would endanger many lives. This is a nightmare waiting to happen— a nightmare that I refuse to take part in sup-porting. 
We cannot allow a woman’s right to choose 
to be infringed upon by a minority of people in this nation. We cannot let them bully the rest of the country into accepting their worldview. I stand with women, which is why I opposed H.R. 36. 
f 
WATER SAFETY AWARENESS 
MONTH 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
month of May is Water Safety Awareness Month. Swimming and other water recreational activities are very popular among Americans of all ages. As the warm summer months ap-proach, we should work to ensure the public is educated on the most up-to-date water safety practices so that these activities remain a safe way to exercise and enjoy recreation. 
A local chapter of the Independent Pool and 
Spa Service Association is hosting a safe swimming event in San Antonio, Texas, on 
May 16, 2015. This event will serve to educate 4th grade students at Baskin Elementary School on the importance of water safety and to teach them safe swimming practices. I want to recognize their efforts and encourage all Texans to learn about and follow proper water safety measures. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTH CENTRAL 
COMMUNITY ACTION PROGRAM FOR ITS 50TH YEAR OF HELPING COMBAT POVERTY IN PENNSYL-VANIA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the South Central Community Ac-tion Program (SCCAP) on the occasion of their 50th year of service to communities in Franklin and Adams counties in Pennsylvania. 
Community Action Agencies, which were 
created to carry out the Community Action Program that was established by the Eco-nomic Opportunity Act of 1964, have been im-portant assets in helping reduce the effects of poverty felt around the United States. First called the Adams County Community Action Agency, SCCAP has played a critical role in bringing these support services to the under-served community members of Franklin and Adams counties. 
From its beginnings as an organization run 
out of a two-room office, the hard-working SCCAP staff and volunteers have earned fed-eral grant funding and organized the commu-nities they serve to enable them to better sup-port those in need. Later expanded to provide services to Franklin County residents, SCCAP has undergone an impressive transformation as it has continued to aid countless handi-capped and underprivileged citizens in its 50 years. Despite challenges and its many changes, one thing has always stayed the same: SCCAP has been committed to helping families and underserved individuals move out of poverty since its creation. 
I am privileged to not only congratulate the 
South Central Community Action Program, an organization that serves more than 11,000 families in Franklin County, on its 50th anni-versary, but also thank the tireless SCCAP staff and volunteers for their selfless and unre-lenting commitment to making the commu-nities in their region a better place. 
f 
EMS WEEK 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure that I stand before you today to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14MY8.001 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E702 May 14, 2015 
recognize emergency medical services (EMS) 
providers across the nation as we celebrate the week of May 17 to 23, in recognition of their significant and heroic work. During EMS week, we show our gratitude to the EMS prac-titioners who aid our families, friends, and neighbors in their moments of need. For their unyielding dedication to serving their commu-nities, EMS employees are to be commended. 
In recognition of this week, numerous agen-
cies throughout the community of Northwest Indiana have come together to establish the inaugural Regional EMS Conference, pre-sented by Prompt Ambulance Service, which will take place on May 18, 2015. The goal of this conference is to encourage collaboration among EMS providers throughout the region in order to further the development of essen-tial skills in the EMS community. 
At this time, I would like to acknowledge 
several individuals who have dedicated their time and efforts to make this conference pos-sible for the advancement of the medical com-munity. I would like to recognize Ron Donahue—Prompt Ambulance Service; Jeff Zielinski—Prompt Ambulance Service; Chris-tina Lopez—Methodist Hospital; Janene Gumz-Pulaski—Franciscan Alliance, Michigan City; Kelley Holdren—University of Chicago Aeromedical Network; Jake Messing—Saint Catherine Behavioral Health Services; Aaron Kochar—Porter Starke Services; Joseph Ferrandino—Indiana University Northwest; Thomas Bettenhausen—Community Hospital, District 1; Craig Felty—Indiana University Health; Tom Fentress—Methodist Hospital; David Cummins—Porter Regional Hospital; and Jana Marie Szostek—Indiana University Northwest, Indiana EMS Educator Workgroup. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in honoring our EMS providers who dedicate their lives each day to ensuring the well-being and safety of our neighborhoods. Each member of the EMS family makes every effort to provide ex-ceptional service by doing what is right for their patients, colleagues, and communities. Through their service to so many in need throughout Northwest Indiana and across the nation, EMS providers serve as an inspiration to us all, and they are worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SENIOR MASTER SER-
GEANT ANITA MARIE SULLIVAN 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of Senior Master Sergeant Anita Marie Sullivan, a native of East Syra-cuse, New York and currently a resident of Oneida, New York. Sergeant Sullivan has more than 38 years of military service with the United States Air Force and the New York Air National Guard. She has been decorated with numerous medals, awards, and service dis-tinctions and will retire from military service on 1 July 2015. It is my honor to recognize such a distinguished citizen and airman. 
Sergeant Sullivan was born Anita M. Mozo 
on 29 August 1957. She is a 1975 graduate of East Syracuse-Minoa High School. After graduating from high school, she worked full- time at the Syracuse School of Automation 
and subsequently the Syracuse University De-partment of Geology as a receptionist. 
Sergeant Sullivan began her military career 
in the United States Air Force in January 1977, enlisting in the New York Air National Guard, and left for Basic Military Training to Lackland Air Force Base, Texas on 1 April 1977. After graduating from Basic Military Training, she began her Air Force Technical 
Training as an Air Passenger Specialist at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas. Upon grad-uation from technical training in July 1977, she returned to Hancock Field Air National Guard Base as a Drill Status Guardsman in the Traf-fic Management Office, where she worked during monthly Unit Training Assembly week-ends and also performed additional annual training to achieve her 3-skill level and 5-skill level as an Air Passenger Specialist, becom-ing the ‘‘go to’’ person on base for all airline reservations. While assigned to Hancock Field she met Master Sergeant William E. Dardis and married on 30 September 1978, becoming Sergeant Anita M. Dardis. In June 1979, she applied for and was subsequently hired as a full-time Air Technician as a GS–04 Clerk-Typ-ist in the Supply Squadron. 
In December 1979, then Sergeant Dardis 
was hired as a full-time Air Technician as a GS–05 Air Operations Specialist assigned to the 174th Operations Group, and began ca-reer field cross-training into the Airfield Man-agement career field and received her 7-skill level in Air Force Specialty Codes 27171 and 27172. During her tenure in the 174th Oper-ations Group, she participated in several unit deployments to include a two week Coronet Sail deployment as part of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Checkered Flag Exercise program to Lechfeld Air Base, Germany in 1981; two de-ployed Operational Readiness Inspections to Savannah, Georgia in 1982 and Volk Field, Wisconsin in 1986; and also participated in unit deployments to Patrick Air Force Base, Florida in 1983 and Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona in 1982. 
In 1982, Sergeant Dardis was assigned a 
position as the GS–07 Standardization/Evalua-tion Technician, and in 1983 began an Active Duty Title 32 tour as the Wing Standardiza-tion/Evaluation NCO. In 1989, Sergeant Dardis left her Active Duty position and transferred into the 174th Fighter Wing Safety Office as the Administrative NCO as a Duty Status Guardsman, which allowed her to spend more time at home with her two young children. In 1992 Sergeant Dardis attended the 7-level in- residence technical school for the 3A071 Air Force Specialty Course at Keesler AFB, Mis-sissippi, and earned the distinction of being named the class leader. She maintained her position in the Wing Safety Office until 1995. Sergeant Dardis performed additional duty at Hancock Field Air National Guard Base in 1990 and 1991 when the 174th Fighter Wing was called to Federal Active Service in sup-port of Operation DESERT SHIELD and Oper-ation DESERT STORM, backfilling various po-sitions in the 174th Operations Group for NCO’s who deployed with the aircrew package in support of the Persian Gulf War. 
In Nov 1995, Sergeant Dardis was asked by 
the acting Wing and Vice Commanders to take the position of the Commander’s Executive Assistant as a temporary technician. In March 1996, she was hired into the position as a per-manent GS–06 Air Technician. In April 1999, the position was upgraded to a GS–07 and 
advertised as an Active Guard/Reserve active duty position which she applied for and was hired for as the Executive Assistant to the Wing Commander. She served in this position working directly for Wing Commanders Colo-nel Robert A. Knauff from 1996 to 2003; Colo-nel Anthony Basile from 2003–2008; Colonel Kevin Bradley from 2008–2012; and for Colo-nel Greg Semmel from 2008 until her retire-ment on 1 July 2015. 
In June 2006, Sergeant Dardis became a 
widow when her husband, Master Sergeant (Retired) William E. Dardis passed away unex-pectedly. In January 2009, she remarried to Master Sergeant (Retired) John D. Sullivan and became Master Sergeant Anita M. Sul-livan. Mr. Sullivan retired from the 174th in 2003 and is currently employed at Hancock Field as a New York State employee as the Base Carpenter. 
In 2007, Sergeant Sullivan completed the 
Senior Noncommissioned Officer Academy Course. In 2010 she was reassigned to the military position of the Cyber Systems Super-intendent and promoted to the rank of Senior Master Sergeant. That same year she at-tended the Air Force Protocol Fundamentals Course at Maxwell AFB, Mississippi and was assigned the high profile additional duty as the 174th Fighter Wing Protocol Coordinator for high ranking distinguished visitor arrivals and numerous protocol events for the 174th Fight-er Wing. During her tenure in this position, Sergeant Sullivan played an integral part in the planning and execution of countless high level Distinguished Visitor visits, numerous Change of Command Ceremonies, Wing Com-mander Farewell Receptions, Retirement Ceremonies, F–16 aircraft Farewell, F–86 air-craft static display dedication, Military Funer-als, unit re-designation ceremony, as well as numerous community events involving the Sal-vation Army, American Red Cross, and var-ious Veteran’s Service Organizations, and var-ious other community organizations. 
Sergeant Sullivan’s military Decorations in-
clude the Meritorious Service Medal; the Air Force Commendation Medal; and Air Force Achievement Medal. Her military service awards include the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with five oak leaf clusters; the Air Re-serve Forces Meritorious Service Medal with eleven oak leaf clusters; the National Defense Service Medal with one bronze service star; the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal; the Air Force Longevity Service Ribbon with eight oak leaf clusters; the Armed Forces Re-serve Medal with gold hourglass and mobiliza-tion ‘‘M’’ device; and the Air Force Training Ribbon. 
Sergeant Sullivan also holds the following 
New York State awards and decorations: New York State Long and Faithful Service Award, with one gold and one silver device; the New York State Defense of Liberty Medal; New York State Medal for Merit with one silver shield device; New York State Recruiting Medal; New York State Exercise Support Rib-bon; and the New York State Physical Fitness Ribbon with two silver shield devices. 
In addition to the previously mentioned 
awards and decorations, Sergeant Sullivan was also named the 174th Fighter Wing’s Out-standing Noncommissioned Officer of the Quarter in December 1984, and the 174th Fighter Wing’s Outstanding Unit Career Advi-sor of the Quarter in July 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14MY8.005 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E703 May 14, 2015 
Sergeant Sullivan was promoted to Airman 
in 1977; Airman First Class in 1978; Sergeant in 1979; Staff Sergeant in 1980; Technical Sergeant in 1982; Master Sergeant in 1996; and her current rank of Senior Master Ser-geant in 2010. 
Without question, Mr. Speaker, Sergeant 
Sullivan is a very special person. She willingly served her nation, exuding loyalty and pride. For her unrelenting service and dedication to duty, Sergeant Sullivan can retire knowing she has earned such a status. I would like to wish Sergeant Sullivan well in her retirement years as she will now be able to spend more free time with her husband John, daughter Katelin Dardis, son and daughter-in-law Christopher and Amy Dardis, stepsons Daniel, Ryan, and Evan Sullivan, and granddaughter Ryleigh Dardis. Your late father Casper Mozo and your mother Margery (Burbank) Mozo can be proud of your service and accomplishments. Sergeant Sullivan, thank you for all your years of hard work, dedication and service to our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR FRED 
BROUSSARD 
HON. GWEN GRAHAM 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Major Fred Broussard upon the occasion of his retirement after 29 years of honorable service to our great Nation in the United States Air Force and Air Force Reserve. 
Major Broussard began his career in 1986, 
upon graduation of Basic Personnel School, as a Distinguished Graduate. He was then as-signed to Hurlburt Field, where in 1990, as a recognized expert in the Personnel career field, he was selected to facilitate the stand-up of the Headquarters Squadron Section for Headquarters Air Force Special Operations Command (HQ AFSOC) and was nominated and selected as the Military Personnel Techni-cian of the Year for 1990 and 1991; and de-ployed as the sole SOF representative of the Personnel Support for Contingency Operations team during OPERATION DESERT STORM. He was selected as a member of the USAF ‘‘Thunderbird’’ Team in 1993, where he served as the Assignments NCO until his separation from active duty in 1995. 
After leaving active duty, he immediately en-
tered the Air Force Reserve where he served as a Traditional Reservist and Individual Mobi-lization Augmentee (IMA) in a variety of as-signments. After nearly 15-years in the en-listed ranks, he earned his commission as an officer in April 2001. He was brought to Wash-ington D.C. at the U.S. Air Force Head-quarters, Pentagon in 2006 where he has served in three directorates filling numerous positions. 
Throughout his myriad of assignments in the 
Pentagon, Major Broussard’s ceaseless efforts and devotion to duty resulted in several ac-complishments to include; successful articula-tion of the Air Force Reserve in the crafting of the Department of Defense policy on Active Duty for Operational Support and the Depart-ment of the Air Force policy for the Post De-ployment-Mobilization Respite Absence; crafting the first ever game plan for the cre-ation of the Air Force Reserve General Officer 
Vacancy Promotion Board, leading the nomi-nation process, whereby shortening the timeline from nomination to Senate confirma-tion; building the foundation and ensuring the implementation of consolidated Full-Time sup-port guidance; crafting revised promotion proc-esses encompassing all three components of the Air Force in keeping with the implementa-tion of the Under Secretary of the Air Force for Manpower and Reserve Affairs initiative to consolidate personnel programs; pioneering the institutionalizing statute-required process for release of promotion results, which were adopted by the Chief of Air Force Reserve, Chief of the Air National Guard and the Gen-eral Counsel for the Secretary of the Air Force. 
Major Broussard’s final role began in July 
2012, as the AFR Program Manager for Legis-lative proposals, Office of Reserve Policy Inte-gration, in direct support of the Chief of Air Force Reserve. In this position, Major Broussard played an integral role in proactively engaging Congress as he devel-oped and defended legislation required to enact needed policy changes. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress and a grateful Nation, I extend our deepest appreciation of Major Joseph Fred Broussard for his many years of dedicated service. There is no question that the Air Force, Department of Defense, and the United States benefitted greatly from Major Broussard’s visionary leadership, planning, and foresight, and we wish him and his wife, Elaine the very best. 
f 
HONORING J’MYIAH SMITH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent at Quitman County Middle School. 
J’Myiah Smith is the daughter of Ms. Teresa 
Smith of Sledge, MS. She is a very intelligent individual, and she is an outstanding student because she continues to strive to maintain a spot on the Superintendent’s List. Among her outstanding grades, J’Myiah was also elected as Miss Seventh Grade 2014–2015 by her peers. She is an active member of the Quitman County Middle School Student Coun-cil, Newspaper Committee, and QCMS S.T.E.F. Ambassador Society. 
J’Myiah is active in her community as well. 
On this past year, she participated in the ‘‘I Support the Bond’’ meetings and marches. 
She has collected clothes and donated them to the needy. She is also a member of her church’s youth choir. J’Myiah plans to attend Jackson State University and later attend medical school. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing J’Myiah Smith as a student who is goal oriented and making a difference in her community. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on May 13, 2015, I traveled to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to be with the health care providers, first responders, and volunteers working to restore peace and safe-ty to the scene of Amtrak Northeast Regional Train 188’s derailment. For this reason, unfor-tunately, I missed some important votes on the floor of the House of Representatives, in-cluding H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act. If I were present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 224. 
f 
PEGGY PICKENS—TEACHER, COUN-
SELOR AND COMMUNITY WAR-RIOR 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Peggy 
Pickens has served as a pillar of the greater Humble/Kingwood community for over thirty- five years, devoting herself to her family, church, and school communities. A native Houstonian, Mrs. Pickens graduated from Phyllis Wheatley High School in the historic Fifth Ward, going on to earn a degree in edu-cation from the University of Houston in 1974 and a Master’s Degree in Counseling from Prairie View A&M University. She then began her career in education as a teacher in the Al-dine Independent School District at Teague Middle School, Nimitz High School, and Mac-Arthur High School. In 1987, Mrs. Pickens joined the Counseling team at Kingwood High School, serving with true distinction until her retirement from public education in 2002. 
Immediately following her first retirement, 
Mrs. Pickens began developing the Coun-seling program at Northeast Christian Acad-emy. 
During her successful tenure at NCA, Mrs. 
Pickens has assisted over three hundred grad-uating seniors earn acceptance into some of the most prestigious colleges and universities in our nation. Through the guidance of Mrs. Pickens, NCA graduates have successfully at-tended such schools as Stanford University, Duke, Vanderbilt, West Point, the United States Air Force Academy, Rice University, the University of Texas at Austin and Texas A&M University. Her love of students and commitment to their lifelong success has been the hallmark of her distinguished career. 
Yet, not only has Mrs. Pickens invested her-
self into the lives of countless students, but she has faithfully served her church commu-nity at Second Baptist Church North Campus in Kingwood for over a decade. Through the teaching of various Bible studies, the men-toring of others, as well as numerous public speaking engagements, Mrs. Pickens has modeled for others the life of a servant leader in all she has done. Her influence and impact on the lives of others has been a living testi-mony to the work of Christ and His gospel in and through her. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14MY8.006 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E704 May 14, 2015 
Peggy Pickens and her husband Al have 
five children and twelve grandchildren, each of whom have continued their legacy of service to Christ, their families, our nation, and their communities. She we will be greatly missed, yet the seeds that she has sown throughout her tenure at NCA will continue to bear great fruit in the lives of the future graduates of Northeast Christian Academy. 
As the husband and father of school teach-
ers, I know that educators, like Peggy, are the backbone of our communities. 
Thanks for the work you’ve done Peggy, 
best of luck in newest chapter of your life. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OCA—ASIAN 
PACIFIC AMERICAN ADVOCATES, SACRAMENTO CHAPTER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize OCA—Asian Pacific American Ad-vocates, Sacramento Chapter and the distin-guished leaders who are being honored at their 2015 Dragon Boat Festival and 20th an-niversary gala. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring OCA Sacramento and these fine Sacramentans. 
Dedicated to advancing the social, political, 
and economic well-being of Asian Pacific Is-lander Americans, OCA’s Sacramento chapter is an active advocate for all Asian Pacific Is-lander Americans and works diligently to de-velop strong leadership, community involve-ment and civic participation. OCA Sacramento also fosters cultural heritage by hosting a vari-ety of annual events celebrating traditional Chinese holidays and festivals, such as the Dragon Boat Festival. The events bring to-gether the Asian Pacific Islander American community, while also educating and sharing its heritage with our entire community. OCA Sacramento promotes education and leader-ship for young people by offering essay con-tests and scholarships, as well as internship opportunities. It is clear to me and so many others that OCA Sacramento’s deep involve-ment and commitment to improving Sac-ramento is exemplary. 
In keeping with their theme of ‘‘Honoring the 
Past, Celebrating the Future,’’ being recog-nized at this year’s Dragon Boat Festival are past Chapter Presidents Dwanchen Hsu, Tom Bhe, Ph.D., Felix Chen, Ph.D., RungFong Hsu, Sam Ong, Linda Ng, Joyce Eng, Michael Head, and David Low. These community lead-ers have all dedicated their lives to improving Sacramento through their work with OCA Sac-ramento. All that has been accomplished by the organization would not be possible without these individuals at the forefront of their ef-forts. 
Mr. Speaker, as the members of OCA— 
Asian Pacific American Advocates, Sac-ramento Chapter gather at the Dragon Boat Festival to celebrate their 20th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their unwavering commitment to the Sacramento region. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on May 12, 
2015, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on #216. I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on #217 and 218. I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on #219 and 220. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF THE 
HONORABLE BRUCE REYNOLDS ALGER 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the life of an outstanding citizen and public servant, my former congressman, Bruce Reynolds Alger. He recently passed away in Palm Bay, Florida at the age of 96. 
The Honorable Bruce Alger served the 5th 
District of Texas in the House of Representa-tives from 1955 to 1965. Congressman Alger served in a very significant time in Texas his-tory with President Lyndon B. Johnson and Speaker Samuel T. Rayburn, both of the Lone Star State, leading the country during his ten-ure. He was a pioneer of his time by being the only Republican Congressman in the Texas delegation for eight years. It wasn’t until his final term in Congress that he could hold a Republican meeting of Texas Representatives with more than just himself. Congressman Ed Foreman from Odessa, Texas was elected in 1963 to double the size of the Texas GOP delegation. 
Congressman Alger was one of the earliest 
Republican members of the Texas Delegation in the mid-20th Century and the first Repub-lican Representative from Dallas County. He fought and spoke for limited government, bal-anced budget, flat income tax, and many other ideals that became the basis for conservative principles for years to come. He was the elev-enth Texan to be appointed to the Ways and Means committee, which I sit upon today. 
Prior to being elected to Congress, he was 
also a distinguished veteran. Like many of the greatest generation, he answered the call to service. He served during World War II in the United States Army from 1941–1945. As a pilot, he received the Distinguished Flying Cross and attained the rank of Captain. He devoted much of his life to public service and did what he could to better our country. Con-gressman Alger’s endless energy benefited so many who he served. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to celebrate the 
life of the Honorable Bruce Reynolds Alger. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in celebrating our former House col-league’s remarkable life and service in Con-gress and to our country. HONORING MIKE WOLF, NAPA 
VALLEY GROWER OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize and honor Mike Wolf upon being named the Napa Valley 2015 Grower of the Year. 
For more than 35 years, Mr. Wolf has been 
involved with developing and managing Cali-fornia vineyards. Michael Wolf Vineyard Serv-ices was founded in 1997, and oversees all phases of the vineyard development process for many of Napa Valley’s leading independent growers, and premium and ultra-premium wineries. Mr. Wolf currently farms over 800 acres across Napa County. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Wolf has been 
committed to innovation and the advancement of viticultural best practices in the Napa Val-ley. Never afraid of new ideas, he has re-searched and applied new technologies to continually improve the quality of the grapes that he grows. Also widely respected for his humble leadership, Mr. Wolf has graciously contributed his approach to farming and exten-sive experience in viticulture to the mentorship of the next generation of Napa Valley’s grape- growers. 
Mr. Wolf has been a consistent and com-
mitted benefactor to his community through his patronage and support of innumerable causes and events in Napa County from the annual NVG Pruning Contest, Harvest STOMP, and the Napa Valley Farmworker Foundation to his ongoing sponsorship for the County Crop Report. As part of his contribu-tions to the Napa Valley grape-growing com-munity, he has served in a number of posts in-cluding Board Trustee of the California Grower Foundation since 1987, a member of the Napa Valley Viticultural Technical Group’s Executive Committee, and as a professional member of the American Society of Enology and Viticul-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor Mike Wolf for his professional and philanthropic contributions to Napa Valley. He is an invaluable asset to our district and the grape-growing community of California. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,446,693,102.28. We’ve 
added $7,525,569,644,189.20 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.004 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E705 May 14, 2015 
HONORING MR. CEDRIC GARDNER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, Cedric Gardner is a John F. Kennedy 9th grade student of Mound Bayou, Mississippi and is a very diligent young student who is committed to learning and being an out-standing athlete. 
Prior to joining the Hornets football, base-
ball, basketball, cross country and track ath-letic programs, Cedric participated in numer-ous community athletic activities. Starting in 2006, he played in the Mound Bayou Mis-sissippi Little League and Cleveland Mis-sissippi Park Commission athletic programs. 
He was selected to be included in the 2011 
edition of the United States Specialty Sports Association baseball. In 2012 he was one to be selected to participate in the Down Under Sports for Cross Country Runners and partici-pated in the World Series for youth in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. 
Even with facing prejudice, Cedric helped 
lead the John F. Kennedy’s Cross Country team in winning their 1 A Title in 2014. 
Besides being an athlete, Cedric is also a 
member of The Future Business Leaders of America, Wander’s Home Baptist Choir and Sunday School Records Clerk, as well as, playing the drums. 
Cedric is exciting, loveable and down to 
earth and loves to teach young youth athletics. He will always greet you with a handshake, hug or a smile. He made it his life’s mission to continue the legacy of his late cousin, Coach Sank Powe, help others and encourage them that you can do anything you set your mind to. 
Cedric has decided, when he graduates in 
high school 2018, he will continue his edu-cation at The University of Oregon. He plans on becoming a professional Baseball Player or Coach/ Teacher. 
Cedric is the son of Tabithia Gardner and 
his motto is: ‘‘Stay positive and always believe in yourself.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing an amazing student. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE EQUAL 
RIGHTS AMENDMENT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been forty-three years since Congress passed the Equal Rights Amendment (also known as the Women’s Equality Amendment). This historic amend-ment is intended to enshrine in our United States Constitution fundamental equality based on sex in all areas of society. 
In 1972, Congress passed the ERA with a 
measure that it had to be ratified by the nec-essary number of states (38) within 7 years. The deadline was ultimately extended an addi-tional three years, but with this narrow and ar-bitrary time limit, the ERA fell just three states shy of full ratification when the deadline passed. Other constitutional amendments 
have been afforded much longer for ratifica-tion. One example is the 27th amendment, 
concerning Congressional pay raises, which was accepted after a 203-year ratification pe-riod. 
This Congress, I am joined by my colleague 
Representative C
YNTHIA LUMMIS in this impor-
tant bipartisan effort to finally add women to the Constitution. It is time for our nation to de-finitively declare that we will not tolerate dis-crimination against half the population. While we have made cracks in the glass ceiling throughout history, we have yet to shatter it. We believe that this amendment is far more than a symbolic demonstration of equality, but rather would provide protections that are vital to the wellbeing and prosperity of women and their families. 
The ERA will ensure all citizens have the 
opportunity to reach their full potential. Women and men must have equal rights for a democ-racy to thrive. 
The ERA will put women on equal footing in 
the legal systems of all 50 states, particularly in areas where women have historically been treated as second-class citizens, including in cases of public education, divorce, child cus-tody, domestic violence, and sexual assault. 
Passing the ERA will put the full weight of 
the U.S. Constitution behind employment laws relating to the prevention of sex discrimination in hiring, firing, promotions, and benefits—es-pecially in the public sector. 
Pregnancy discrimination continues to be 
prevalent in the workforce. The ERA can pro-tect women from being harmed by a policy simply because she is a woman. 
The 14th amendment is not enough. Only 
the ERA would provide for gender equity and offer an ‘‘overriding guarantee’’ of equal pro-tection for women. 
The ERA would protect the progress made 
on women’s rights from any shifting political trends. 
The ERA will ensure that the rights of Amer-
ican women and girls will not be diminished by any Congress or any political trend, but in-stead be preserved as basic rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution. 
Over the past several decades, legislative 
efforts have aimed to advance the rights of women—but this progress is not irreversible. Without the ERA, women have often been de-nied the ability to seek justice when they have experienced discrimination. We have seen that constitutional ambiguity on women’s rights can have negative consequences when cases that affect the lives of women are brought before the Supreme Court. Until women’s equality is clearly acknowledged in our Constitution, half of our population will continue to be without constitutionally guaranteed equality. The time is now to make women’s equality a constitu-tional reality. 
Our democracy rests on the principle of ‘‘lib-
erty and justice for all.’’ We need the ERA to ensure that this concept applies equally to all. 
I am pleased to introduce this bill with 171 
of my bipartisan colleagues. I urge my fellow Members of Congress to join in support. OFFICER BENJAMIN DEEN 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the bravery, fortitude, and sacrifice demonstrated by Officer Benjamin J. Deen, a member of the Hattiesburg Police Department, who was tragically slain in the line of duty on Saturday, the ninth day of May in the year two thousand and fifteen. 
Officer Benjamin J. Deen, known as ‘‘B. J.’’, 
was thirty-four years old, a resident of Sumrall, Mississippi, and a graduate of Sumrall High School. He was a loving husband to his wife, Robin, and devoted father to his son Walker and daughter Melah. Prior to becoming a po-lice officer, B. J. attended the Mississippi Fire Training Academy and served his community as a firefighter. He later attended the Hatties-burg Police Training Academy and became a patrolman with Hattiesburg Police Force. Deen soon after trained to become a K–9 officer and bonded with Tommy, his K–9 counterpart, who also became a beloved member of the family. 
Together, B. J. and Tommy successfully ap-
prehended and arrested numerous drug-re-lated offenders. Officer Deen was not only an exceptional citizen and neighbor, but he chose to live a life of service, stepping into harm’s way daily in order to protect his community. 
An exceptional member of the force, Deen 
was named Hattiesburg Police Department’s 2012 Officer of the Year. He was an out-standing and respectable man and a valuable asset to the Hattiesburg Police Department, even earning perfect attendance during two of his nearly six years on the force. 
The City of Hattiesburg and the Great State 
of Mississippi have suffered the loss of one of our own: a family member and a protector and defender of our Constitution and laws. Every citizen deeply and sincerely feels the loss of such a devoted law enforcement officer, and his service, heroism, and sacrifice will not be forgotten. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NORMAND 
DRAPEAU FOR BEING AWARDED THE CHEVALIER OF THE FRENCH LEGION OF HONOR 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this 
opportunity to recognize Normand Drapeau for being awarded the chevalier (knighthood) of the French Legion of Honor by the French Government for his courageous actions while serving in the United States Navy during World War II. 
Normand was born on May 1, 1925 in Hol-
yoke, Massachusetts into a large Catholic family as the oldest boy of twelve children. He attended the Immaculate Conception School for his primary education as well as spent a year at LaSalette Seminary in New Hampshire before ultimately deciding to work as a butcher at his family’s business, Drapeau’s Market. In 1942 on Holy Thursday when he was only seventeen, Normand enlisted in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.010 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E706 May 14, 2015 
States Navy and was shipped off to boot 
camp the next day on Good Friday. After he completed amphibious training in Little Creek, Virginia and Fort Pierce, Florida, he was sent off to Dartmouth, England in preparation for the invasion of France. 
However, Normand did not have to wait until 
D-Day to see some action. On April 27, 1944, German gunboats attacked Normand’s flotilla while they were on an exercise in the English Channel. One of the blasts threw Normand into the channel but he was not seriously in-jured. A month later, when General Eisen-hower postponed the invasion of Normandy due to poor weather conditions, Normand’s Landing Craft Mechanized (LCM) flotilla de-cided to embark across the 120-mile channel when their tow got cancelled. Once the flotilla reached Omaha Beach, Normand faced the brutal fighting and harsh reality that the beach is infamous for in order to liberate France. Normand was slightly injured during the battle but was able to be treated on the battlefield. 
On June 16, 1944, Normand was hit by a 
landmine and was seriously wounded. This led to a difficult and dangerous journey back to the United States. He was put on a Landing Ship Tank (LST) to be brought back to a hos-pital in England. While on board, the ship was hit by a German torpedo and was disabled, forcing it to be towed back to England. Once in the hospital in England receiving treatment, he still had to deal with a series of German at-tacks. The hospital was hit by German V1 and V2 rockets, causing severe damage to the building. Normand was then moved to Scot-land to await a cargo plane to take him back to the U.S. His original plane was overbooked, forcing him to fly to Newfoundland first. This last minute change ended up saving Normand’s life because his original plane was shot down. He eventually got back to the United States and was treated at a naval hos-
pital. Normand was discharged from the Navy in June 1945 and received two Purple Hearts for being wounded on the battlefield. 
Mr. Speaker, Normand Drapeau is the epit-
ome for our quiet American heroes. This very humble man does not seek any recognition or special attention for his bravery. He simply wanted to serve his country and to defend the enduring cause for freedom around the world. As the French government awards Normand with one of its highest honors, I want to take a moment to thank Normand on behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the American people for his service to our na-tion and congratulate him on receiving this prestigious honor. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, I sup-
port the right for women to make their own personal health care decisions and oppose H.R. 36, the ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act.’’ I will vote against this legislation because it imposes the will of an intolerant mi-nority on our mothers, sisters, and daughters. It is a deliberate attack on women and it’s wrong. The new language in H.R. 36 is bad for 
women’s health. It would require adult women who have been raped to receive potentially unwanted medical treatment and proof of counseling before receiving an abortion. This is an attempt to shame and stigmatize rape victims, while doing nothing to provide nec-essary mental and physical health services to women in need. 
While it is couched in the language of pro-
tecting unborn fetuses from pain, this legisla-tion is nothing more than a cruel disregard for personal circumstances of women’s lives. 
f 
REMEMBERING HARVEY MILLER 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to note the 
passing of one of this nation’s preeminent bankruptcy attorneys, Harvey R. Miller. Harvey was a giant of the profession, having played a leading role in some of the most significant cases of the last half century. These cases in-cluded Texaco Inc., Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc., Eastern Airlines Corp., Continental Airlines, R. H. Macy, WorldCom, Global Crossing, Enron, Lehman Brothers, and Gen-eral Motors, just to name a few. 
Harvey was also a mentor to some of this 
nation’s top practitioners, and an outstanding law professor. He even took the time to help me understand the Bankruptcy Code and many complex legal issues arising from it when this House considered a rewrite of the Code a decade ago. 
Speaking to the New York Times in 2007, 
he said, ‘‘Life should be an adventure. My practice at Weil was and still is exactly that. By working on reorganizations and restruc-turing work in so many different businesses— such as energy, retail, manufacturing and even satellites—that’s the glory of the practice and that’s what I love about it. I’ve always said that about restructuring practice. It is probably the last area of the generalist.’’ 
As a member of the National Bankruptcy 
Conference, Harvey worked with his col-leagues in the profession to advise Congress on changes to the Bankruptcy Code, advice that was both scholarly and informed by the real world experience of the nation’s top prac-titioners. That advice was too often ignored by this institution and the state of the law is the poorer for it. 
Harvey was a consummate New Yorker. He 
would note with satisfaction that his office in the General Motors building on Fifth Avenue was ‘‘across from Bergdorf’s men’s shop and close to Barneys.’’ He was also a great lover of the opera, and served as an Advisory Di-rector of the Metropolitan Opera. 
Mr. Speaker, I was proud to count Harvey 
Miller, a fellow son of Brooklyn, as a friend. He was greatly admired by all who knew him. His contributions to the profession, and to the development of bankruptcy law in the United States, are incalculable. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring the life and work of this great legal scholar and practi-tioner, and to join me in extending to his wife, Ruth, our deepest sympathies. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, as I was summoned 
to serve on jury duty in my district, I was un-able to be present for votes on the House floor on May 12, 2015. Below is an expla-nation of how I would have voted and why. 
I would have voted for H.R. 606, the Don’t 
Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act, which excludes benefits paid to survivors of public safety officers killed in the line of duty from federal income tax. While such federal survivor benefits are generally exempt from taxation, this bill would ensure that the griev-ing families of brave officers who give their life in the line of duty do not also bear an unex-pected income tax burden. 
I would have voted for Rep. Edwards’s 
amendment to H.R. 1732, the Regulatory In-tegrity Protection Act, which aims to address criticisms of the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) proposed rule defining ‘‘Waters of the United States.’’ This amend-ment would have clarified that the new defini-tion does not expand the scope of EPA’s au-thority under the Clean Water Act, and pro-vided specific exemptions that help prevent spikes in the cost of water in our desert com-munities. 
However, I would have voted against final 
passage of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, which would prevent the EPA from finalizing a proposed rule clarifying which bodies of water are subject to the Clean Water Act. This bill would undermine the EPA’s abil-ity to safeguard our water supply, and invali-dates the thousands of public comments sub-mitted on the proposed rule without even see-ing the final product. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
SOUTHLAKE MAYOR JOHN TERRELL 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am proud 
to recognize the Honorable John Terrell, who is retiring from the Southlake City Council after six years of service as Mayor and five years as Councilmember of Place 3. 
Mayor Terrell was elected Mayor of 
Southlake in 2009 after serving two terms as a councilmember. He has been an instru-mental leader in the successful growth of Southlake. Throughout his tenure, the City of Southlake has developed into a premiere loca-tion where families want to live, businesses want to operate, and people want to visit. 
Mayor Terrell has served on a number of 
Southlake committees that address transpor-tation and taxes. Among these groups are the Audit Committee (2008–present), Tax Incre-ment Reinvestment Zone No. 1 (2004– present), and Southlake 2030 Committee (2009–present). Additionally, he has served on community boards addressing development and energy, such as the Super Bowl Planning Committee (2009–2011), Oil and Gas Drilling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.013 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E707 May 14, 2015 
Task Force (2007–2008), Joint Utilization 
Committee (2004–2009), Southlake 2025 Committee (2002–2004), Planning and Zoning Commission–Chairman (2000–2004), and Zoning Board of Adjustment (1999–2000). 
Furthermore, Mayor Terrell has been an ac-
tive member of regional organizations com-mitted to enhancing the quality of life for North Texans. These groups include the Inter-national Council of Shopping Centers, Urban Land Institute, Metroport Transit Authority, Northeast Leadership Forum, Southlake Exec-utive Forum, Southlake Sister Cities, Texas Regional Transportation Commission, and Vi-sion North Texas. 
As a leader, Mayor Terrell’s impact on the 
City of Southlake and North Texas area has been acknowledged throughout his years of service. The accolades he has achieved in-clude the 2013 Southlake Chamber of Com-merce’s Citizen of the Year, 2008 Southlake Chamber of Commerce’s Leadership Southlake Alumni of the Year, 2008 Industrial Asset Management Council’s Corporate Real Estate Executive of the Year, and City of Southlake Department of Public Safety’s Life Saving Award. Additionally, he has been rec-ognized by the Dallas Business Journal for the 2005 Best New Industrial Development, 2002 Best New Development Retail/Hospitality, and 2000 Best Development Deal. He has also been distinguished as the 2011 Best of the Best Government Official selected through the readers of the Southlake Journal, Grapevine Courier, and Colleyville Courier. 
Outside of his duties as a public servant, 
Mayor Terrell works for Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport as the Vice President of Commercial Development. He has been a Southlake resident for more than 17 years where he has lived with his wife, Joanne, and their two children. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in thanking the Honorable John Terrell for his years of service on the Southlake City Council. 
f 
HONORING RAVEYN NICOLE 
JACKSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent at Quitman County Middle School. 
Raveyn Nicole Jackson is the daughter of 
Ronnie and Bonnie Jackson of Marks, MS. She earned numerous academic awards at Quitman County Elementary School. She was the 2013–2014 Miss Quitman County Elemen-tary School. While attending QCES, she re-ceived numerous awards in reading and math. She transitions on to Quitman County Middle School, where she continues to earn aca-demic awards of achievement in Reading and Math. 
Raveyn is loved and respected by her class-
mates, community members, and parents. She is a member of the New St. John M.B. Church under the leadership of Pastor Jimmy Jones where she is very active in the choir. 
Raveyn plans to graduate from Madison 
Shannon Palmer High School and go on to a college of her choice majoring in Nursing or 
Education. She also plans to pursue and ac-quire her Master’s Degree. Upon completion of her program of study, Raveyn plans to give back to her local community as a teacher or nurse. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Raveyn Nicole Jackson as a student who is goal oriented and making a dif-ference in her community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE PUBLIC SERV-
ICE OF THE HONORABLE NANCY F. MUN ˜OZ 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-
ebrate the public service of the Honorable Nancy F. Mun ˜oz, Assemblywoman for New 
Jersey’s 21st Legislative District, as she is honored by the Somerset County Federation of Republican Women as the recipient of its Millicent Fenwick Award for Outstanding Pub-
lic Service. 
Nancy’s career as a dedicated public serv-
ant started with her interest in public health. She was graduated from Skidmore College with a bachelor’s degree in nursing and later earned a master’s degree from Hunter College as a clinical nurse specialist. She worked as a nurse in surgical intensive care at Yale-New Haven Hospital and also worked at Massachu-setts General, Lenox Hill Hospital Emergency Room and Memorial-Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. 
Nancy took an important role in the public 
school system of Summit, New Jersey where her five children, Wills, Eric, Alex, Elizabeth and Max were educated. Nancy was active in the Parent Teacher Associations at Summit’s elementary, middle and high school. Her late husband, Eric, was a renowned trauma sur-geon, member of the Summit Common Coun-cil and member of the New Jersey General Assembly. 
In 2009 Nancy was elected to complete 
Eric’s unexpired term in the General Assembly following his passing. Nancy is an outstanding legislator, championing causes important to Eric and forging ahead on new endeavors of significance to her and the 21st Legislative District. Her expertise as a health care profes-sional has led to Nancy’s service on the As-sembly Health and Senior Services Com-mittee. She also sits on the Assembly Com-merce and Economic Development Committee as well as the Assembly Committee on Women and Children. 
Nancy is a defender of those who cannot 
defend themselves. One of her most signifi-cant accomplishments was her work in secur-ing passage of the Jessica Lunsford Act, which increased penalties on sexual offenders and the people who harbor them. The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey, the Honorable Stuart Rabner, has also ap-pointed Nancy to the Supreme Court Ad Hoc Committee on Domestic Violence Resources. Her accomplishments and dedication have been recognized by her Assembly colleagues who have selected Nancy as the Deputy Re-publican Leader. 
The Millicent Fenwick Award for Out-
standing Public Service is awarded to a role model for women who serve in the tradition of 
the late Congresswoman Fenwick: never com-promise your principles, do what was in the best interests of your constituents and be of service to those in need. I congratulate Assemblywoman Nancy F. Mun ˜oz on this well- 
deserved recognition. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID D ELUCIA 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of David DeLucia. Mr. DeLucia has bravely served the 24th District of New York for over 30 years in the Emer-gency Medical Services (EMS) field. It is my honor to recognize such a distinguished cit-izen and civil servant. 
Mr. DeLucia has served the greater Central 
New York area in many capacities, within and outside of the EMS field, including at the On-ondaga County Medical Examiner’s Office and St. Joseph’s Hospital. 
In addition to his exceptional work as a first 
responder in Central New York, Mr. DeLucia has been a leading force in the development of EMS services in Jamaica. Since 2008, he has served as the Jamaica Project Coordi-nator for the Medical Relief Foundation. Mr. DeLucia has assisted in the advancement of Jamaica’s EMS system, training EMTs in the country and facilitating the receipt of nec-essary medical equipment. 
Mr. DeLucia has received a number of com-
mendation awards for emergency medical situ-ations including the rescue of a patient from a ravine in Cayuga County, multiple citations for field excellence, and he was named the ALS Provider of the Year for Central New York and New York State in 2013. 
Mr. DeLucia holds a Bachelor of Arts de-
gree in Psychology from the State University of New York at Oswego and has completed graduate coursework at the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry. Additionally, he holds provider and instructor certifications in ACLS, BLS, and PALS. 
As a provider, educator, and humanitarian, 
Mr. DeLucia goes beyond the call of duty of a first responder. He has proudly served Central New York and nobly assisted the developing country of Jamaica. I am honored to thank Mr. DeLucia for his service to the 24th District, our nation, and the international community. 
f 
COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS—50 
YEARS OF SUCCESS 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give 
thanks to all the community health centers in America and especially those in my district in California. These clinics are the workhorses of health care. Whether it be in the rural commu-nity of San Benito County, the downtown envi-rons of Seaside on the Monterey Peninsula, the ag community of Watsonville or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.017 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E708 May 14, 2015 
streetscape of Santa Cruz, community health 
clinics provide expert health care to whomever needs it. These clinics increasingly are signifi-cant sources of regular, primary health serv-ices and not just drop-in-as-a-last-resort cen-ters. In addition to providing on-the-spot health care they also run education programs on wellness, nutrition, diabetes and pre-natal care. All this is done at little or no charge to the patient with costs picked up by federal health programs, partnerships with other pub-lic and private entities and charitable dona-tions. 
The first community health centers were es-
tablished in the U.S. in 1965 and May 15, 2015 marks 50 years since their introduction. Since then they’ve serviced over 62 million persons, including 13 million new patients since the advent of the Affordable Care Act. In a district like mine which includes an agri-culture workforce that is often on the margins of health care the community health clinics are a godsend to keeping this workforce healthy and industrious. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to say for all America 
to hear: I am very proud of the community health clinics in my district. I am sure my House colleagues have similar good stories to tell about the community health clinics in their districts, too. I hope they will join me in saying ‘thank you’ and ‘good job’ to these clinics and wish them well as they embark on the next 50 years of service. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY SHERIFF 
YEVHEN ‘‘EUGENE’’ KOSTIUCHENKO 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise to pay tribute to Deputy Sheriff Yevhen ‘‘Eugene’’ Kostiuchenko, an 11-year veteran of the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office, who was tragically killed in the line of duty on October 28th, 2014. 
Deputy Kostiuchenko was born in Kiev, 
Ukraine, where he attended secondary school and later attended the Military University of Defense of Russian Federation in Moscow. Deputy Kostiuchenko served in the Ukrainian Armed Forces and as a liaison between the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Drug Enforce-ment Administration, and Central Intelligence Agency. He also held the prestigious position of serving as the adjutant to the General of the Ukrainian Army. 
While Deputy Kostiuchenko’s homeland was 
near to his heart, he loved America. He espe-cially loved serving his community. In April of 2003, Eugene began his distinguished career with the County of Ventura. He initially worked with the Sheriff’s Office of Emergency Serv-ices (OES), where he assisted with training and response plans for the County’s Terrorism Working Group. While working in OES, Eu-gene received his United States citizenship in 2006, which was a proud moment in his life as he began working toward his ultimate goal of becoming a deputy sheriff. 
Through discipline and dedication and a re-
markable work ethic, Eugene successfully completed the rigors of training and was sworn in as a deputy sheriff on November 29, 2007. Those who knew Deputy Kostiuchenko re-
member him fondly as a kind, compassionate, and caring officer. Eugene enforced the law with great distinction and it was his steadfast commitment to serving his community that made for a particularly noteworthy career. 
Above all else, Deputy Kostiuchenko is re-
membered as a loyal friend and family man. Deputy Kostiuchenko is survived by his wife of 13 years, Maura Kelley, and his two sons, Tristan and Justin. He is also survived by his parents, Anatoly and Nadiia, and his brother Oleksandra. 
Deputy Kostiuchenko’s dedicated and cou-
rageous service will never be forgotten. On behalf of the people of Ventura County, who he so bravely served and protected, I express my sincere condolences to his family and friends, and to all who knew him. He will be remembered as a husband, friend, and hero. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NOBIS DAIRY FARM 
IN ST. JOHNS, MICHIGAN 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Nobis Dairy Farm in St. Johns, Michigan. I congratulate the Nobis Farm on receiving the 2015 U.S. Dairy Sus-tainability Award. Since 2011, the Innovation Center for U.S. Dairy has presented this an-nual award to farms around the country that exhibit outstanding economic and environ-mental practices. 
In Michigan, brothers Ken and Larry Nobis 
manage their multi-generational dairy farm that was started by their father, Paul, in 1946. Em-ploying 23 people, Nobis Dairy Farm has ex-panded from its original 180 dairy cattle to 1,050, producing over 31 million pounds of milk annually. In 1974, Ken and Larry transitioned to sand bedding, which increases the comfort and health of the cattle in their care. Nobis Dairy Farm, in conjunction with Michigan State University and the McLanahan Corporation, developed an environmentally sound technique that would solve the problem of sand-laden manure while eliminating the ex-cessive use of fresh water. 
Dairy producers are a vital part of Michi-
gan’s economy. The innovative practices pio-neered by Nobis Dairy Farm will benefit the entire industry. They also keep Michigan’s economy strong and preserve a clean environ-ment for all residents to enjoy. On behalf of Michigan’s Fourth Congressional District, I congratulate Nobis Dairy Farm for this achievement and wish it continued success. 
f 
HONORING SANDRA LEVEQUE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize Sandra Leveque upon her retirement as Principal and Director of the Napa County Office of Education Juve-nile Court and Community Schools. Sandra has served as Principal and Director for 23 years, and this June she will end a forty year 
career as an educator and school adminis-trator throughout our district. This month, Ms. Leveque’s career and retirement will be hon-ored by the Juvenile Court, Community and Alternative School Administrators of California at their Annual Conference in Napa. 
Over the past forty years, Ms. Leveque has 
been a dedicated educator and advocate for special needs students, working in classrooms for the deaf, autistic, and profoundly mentally handicapped. Her devotion to helping those with special needs extends beyond the class-room and includes work as a member and Chair of the Kiwanis Club of Napa’s Special Olympics and as an interpreter for the deaf at Hillside Christian Center. She has also served as treasurer for the local Organization for School Administrators. 
Upon her retirement, Ms. Leveque’s col-
leagues recall her as a tireless advocate for her students who worked nonstop, was always available to help others, and who treated her students like her own children. In fact, Sandra has three children of her own—Jeremy, Jes-sica, and Jonathan—and four grandchildren, Emmy, Peyton, Liam, and Will. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we 
honor Sandra Leveque at this time. Her com-mitment to serving students, and particularly those with special needs, has made our schools and community stronger and her level of dedication will not be easily replaced. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WHITE CASTLE 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize White Castle, which is headquartered in my district, for their long his-tory of contributing to the Central Ohio Com-munity. White Castle has recently announced the creation of ‘‘National Slider Day’’ to cele-brate little ideas that make a big difference. 
In 1921, White Castle was founded with the 
idea of small, bite-sized sandwiches. Nearly 100 years later, this small business idea has grown into a nationwide business creating thousands of jobs for our country. 
White Castle will sell over I/2 billion sliders 
to millions of people during the month of May alone, With 10,000 employees across the country and over 2,000 employees in Ohio, the company serves as a job creator in com-munities throughout America. 
White Castle has also found great ways to 
give back to the community. To recognize ‘‘National Slider Day,’’ White Castle will be handing out 10,000 sliders in Columbus to friends and charity partners around the city. White Castle sliders have also been made available on military bases around the world to help our brave men and women in uniform enjoy a ‘‘taste of home’’ while protecting our freedom abroad. 
I wish White Castle all the best as they 
launch ‘‘National Slider Day’’ and as they con-tinue taking little ideas to make a big dif-ference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14MY8.008 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E709 May 14, 2015 
KEEP THE PROMISE ACT 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, for several years, 
I have been actively involved in a troubling off- reservation gaming issue in my home state of Arizona involving the Tohono O’odham Nation. The tribe has been attempting to move from their ancestral lands in Tucson, into another tribe’s former reservation in the Phoenix metro area, for the sole purpose of building a Las Vegas style casino. 
This comes after Tohono O’odham and 16 
other Arizona tribes adopted a compact, ap-proved by Arizona voters, which expressly promised there would be no additional casinos or gaming in the Phoenix metro area until 2027. In exchange for this promise, the voters granted the tribes a statewide monopoly on gaming and other tribes gave up significant rights. 
H.R. 308 was introduced to ensure that the 
promise of no additional casinos in the Phoe-nix area is kept until the existing tribal-state gaming compacts expire, without interfering in the trust acquisition itself 
Let me explain how this legislation came to 
be and why it must be enacted into law. In re-turn for exclusivity in Arizona, the tribes agreed to a cap on the number of casinos in the state and in the Phoenix metro area, to re-strict the number of machines in the state and to share machine revenue with rural non-gam-ing tribes so they could benefit from the com-pact. 
Every urban tribe, except for Tohono 
O’odham, agreed to this limitation. Tohono re-fused, citing the need for a new casino in Tuc-son or on the rural part of the tribe’s reserva-tion. The state and other tribes finally agreed to the restrictions on gaming being pushed by Arizona’s Governor and others, but also yield-ed to Tohono’s stated need. 
After the agreement was reached, the tribes 
and state promoted their model compact by saturating the airwaves and newspapers with the clear message that under the compact there will be no additional casinos in Phoenix and only the possibility for Tohono O’odham to build one more facility in the Tucson area. Tohono O’odham alone spent $1.8 million dol-lars urging Arizona voters to rely on this limita-tion. 
Tohono had begun efforts to find land in the 
Phoenix area to open their fourth casino. 
The voters approved the tribal state com-
pact in November 2002 and rejected two com-peting propositions. The first would have al-lowed unrestricted tribal gaming without any revenue sharing for rural non-gaming tribes; the second would have allowed for full com-mercial gaming without restriction. 
Shockingly, a few months after the voters 
approved the compact, Tohono finalized a multiyear effort to purchase land in Glendale for a casino and used a shell corporation to conceal its identity. 
Tohono’s dismissal of their promise to build 
no additional casinos in Phoenix is not some-thing that Congress can ignore when the re-sult will be so harmful to what had been a na-tional model. 
Furthermore, Tohono has falsely been 
claiming a victory in court relative to their less- than-honest dealings with other tribes and the 
State of Arizona. 
This sentiment is factually wrong and mor-
ally indefensible. The Tohono ‘‘won’’ nothing based on the merits. Rather, the case was dismissed on the draconian doctrine of sov-ereign immunity. In other words, the court ruled that the tribe cannot be sued in court be-cause . . . It can’t be sued in court. 
In fact, the Court made a statement that it 
would have likely ruled against Tohono had it not been for sovereign immunity. Mr. Speaker, I submit evidence obtained from underlying liti-gation discovery in State of Arizona v. Tohono O’odham in order to supplement the record on H.R. 308. The opponents of this bill falsely claim that the Tohono O’odham Nation (Tohono O’odham, TO or the Nation) ‘‘won’’ in court relative to TO’s less-than-honest deal-ings with other tribes and the State of Arizona. Indeed, one Member of the House publicly stated that the bill circumvents a court ruling. 
This sentiment is factually wrong and mor-
ally indefensible. The TO ‘‘won’’ nothing on the merits. Rather, the case was dismissed on the draconian doctrine of sovereign immunity. In other words, the court ruled that the tribe cannot be sued in court because . . . It can’t be sued in court. That circular logic is pretty much the extent of the victory. The merits of the case were never addressed, and that is why Congress’ oversight in these matters is so important. 
As it turned out, discovery in State of Ari-
zona v. Tohono O’odham revealed that the TO Nation was secretly looking to purchase land in the Phoenix metropolitan area during the last 18 months of the compact negotiations and during the entire referendum process when the tribes were actively seeking support from Arizona voters on the basis that the model compact would not permit additional ca-sinos in the Phoenix area. Evidence of these secret plans were primarily obtained from Vi- ikam Doag Industries (VDI), a Tohono O’odham chartered and owned corporation. Below are quotations from meeting transcripts and minutes: 
5/18/01: VDI meeting notes including a de-
scription of a presentation delivered by Mark Curry, Tohono O’odham’s lead nego-tiator in compact negotiations. The notes re-flect ‘‘107th Avenue-Stadium,’’ ‘‘gaming compact-unsure what will happen,’’ ‘‘put in a shell company-need to keep it quiet espe-cially when negotiations of compact at stake’’ 
6/26/01: VDI meeting with Tohono 
O’odham’s San Lucy District Council. ‘‘We are also looking at another project . . . based on discussions we had and continue to have about a casino on the west end of Phoe-nix. And part of that discussion that we’ve had was that—we didn’t want to publicize that because of the confidentiality in terms of that issue . . . Now, in the meeting we had last summer—with the task force and Jim had met with the casino people in their—in their environment. And the understanding is that it is a good opportunity again depend-ing on what happens with the big com-pact. . . You have a situation with a con-fidentiality issue. And that’s how we’re hold-ing it, as confidential, because we don’t want, you know, people to know we are seri-ously considering this. Because if you do, I’m sure that there’s going to be a lot of resist-ance from, you know, the general public.’’ p. 25:5–20. 
8/26/01: San Lucy District Meeting: ‘‘[Male 
Voice]—but that is why the Buckeye prop-erty has been identified as a casino-feasible 
area. And that’s really why we focused on that. There—there is some county islands closer in to Phoenix that we have looked at.’’ p. 24:10–15. 
8/22/02: VDI meeting transcript discussing 
the West Phoenix casino project, whether Governor Hull’s successor would also op-posed additional Phoenix area casinos, and the importance is confidentiality ahead of the vote on Proposition 202. ‘‘Max: Because if that’s going to be the position of the State, they don’t want any more casinos around the Phoenix area, then they’re going to fight it, whoever the new governor is, (inaudible), if he’s going to go along—he or she go along with Jane Hull regarding taking a position. Jim: Which is why we really want to wait until the initiative passes before its gets out.’’ TON0116093–94. 
9/19/02: VDI meeting transcript discussing a 
possible leak of information related to the West Phoenix project. ‘‘Jim: So there is some type of information going out or a leak or—they didn’t Jonathan and Mark [two in- house Tohono O’odham attorneys] didn’t seem too concerned, is what they had got it wasn’t up at the governor’s level or at the negotiating level . . . but it’s still a concern out there, especially prior to the propo-sitions coming up for election ....  So, we 
just need to be careful about, you know, things getting out and spoiling it’’ p. 14:18– 15:6. 
10/25/02: VDI meeting transcript discussing 
the upcoming Prop 202 vote. ‘‘Male Voice: We are . . . a week and a half, two weeks away from the vote. And that’s going to clarify a lot also on what we can do. And, you know, assuming that it is 202 that passes, then, you know, we’ll proceed in how we need to make that project develop.’’ p. 2:7–3:24. 
This evidence, attached hereto, establishes 
the fraudulent intent by the TO to deceive the state, the public and other tribes. Propo-sition 202, which authorized the existing tribal-state compacts, was approved by vot-ers on November 5, 2002, less than two weeks after VDI discussed waiting for voter ap-proval before moving forward with the West Phoenix casino plans. 
In addition to the above, additional tran-
scripts underscore the same double-dealing after the vote: 
2/10/03: VDI meeting transcript discussing 
VDI’s meetings with the Tohono O’odham Gaming Authority. ‘‘And I think that’s com-ing about because the agreement has been signed, the compact has been signed, and so there are no more real concerns that might jeopardize our chances on this discussion. So I think they’re ready to move forward.’’ p. 3:2–4:5. 
2/23/03: VDI meeting transcript discussing 
the Glendale plan. ‘‘Through 99–503 [Gila Bend Act] we could have a casino built, it al-lows it, but politically we might have prob-lems. If we decide to, we need to put it in es-crow and it needs to be kept confidential for the time being.’’ p. 17:22–18:14. 
2/23/03: VDI meeting transcript discussing 
potential political problems with the pro-posal. ‘‘Male Voice: I just hope that . . . in terms of the political (inaudible) that’s going to be coming (inaudible), that some of the metro tribes over there don’t come back and jump on us too. . . . Male Voice: Might Gila River and Salt River indicate that it’s a violation of the 202 (inaudible) metro area? Male Voice: Well, that’s what I said in terms of political impact, is that even—even those metro tribes, particularly those three that are right there, might—might say some-thing. But that’s a big question mark. That’s all.’’ p. 48:21–50:23. 
In March 2013, Tohono O’odham created 
Rainer Resources, Inc. and incorporated the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.022 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E710 May 14, 2015 
company in Delaware as an attempt to keep 
the land purchase confidential. Rainer Re-sources then purchased the Glendale parcel in August 2013. Rainer Resources and Tohono O’odham kept their plan secret until April 2009, when the Nation submitted its fee-to- trust application to the Department of the Inte-rior and finally disclosed its scheme to its sis-ter tribes. 
These statements were uncovered during 
discovery in State of Arizona v. Tohono O’odham and revealed the depth of Tohono O’odham’s conscious effort to mislead and de-fraud voters, as well as its State and tribal partners. Unfortunately, the U.S. District Court dismissed the State of Arizona’s fraud and misrepresentation claims not on the merits, but because Tohono O’odham refused to waive its sovereign immunity from suit. With regard to the State of Arizona’s ‘‘promissory estoppel’’ claim, which alleged that Tohono O’odham made false promises that induced the parties to enter into the compact to their disadvantage thus creating an enforceable promise, the court found on May 7, 2013, that the evidence supported the claim but that Tohono O’odham’s sovereign immunity never-theless barred its review of those allegations. Although Congress, through IGRA, waived tribal sovereign immunity for claims arising from executed compacts, the court determined Congress had not done so with regard to ac-tions that preceded a compact’s execution such as those that gave rise to the fraud, mis-representation, and promissory estoppel claims in State of Arizona v. Tohono O’odham. The legal conclusion is dubious as it promotes fraud and sharp dealings long since rejected in modern commerce and illegal in many con-texts. 
H.R 308, the Keep the Promise Act, is nar-
rowly crafted to address those claims that are shielded by Tohono O’odham’s assertion of sovereign immunity. 
I believe it is important for the truth to be 
known. The tribe acted immorally and covertly against its fellow tribes, the State and the gen-eral public. This incident and breach of trust has proven that TO cannot be trusted in the future relative to business dealings, tribal mat-ters and commercial relations. I urge Con-gress to resolve this issue and reaffirm its au-thority by providing proper oversight of com-merce amongst tribes. 
An identical bill, H.R. 1410, passed over-
whelmingly out of the Natural Resources passed the House last Congress by voice vote on September 17, 2013. This legislation has already passed the full Natural Resources Committee by unanimous consent in the 114th Congress. 
I urge immediate adoption of this common-
sense legislation once again by the House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SEVENTH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE IMPRISON-MENT OF THE SEVEN BAHA’I LEADERS IN IRAN 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, in 
this country, we often take for granted our ability to worship whatever faith we want with-
out fear of government persecution. Yet, for those of the Baha’i faith in Iran, this basic human right does not exist. Simply being Baha’i in Iran makes you a target for frequent discrimination. The Iranian regime’s appalling human rights record is full of cases of horrific treatment of anyone who stands up for their religious beliefs. 
Take the case of Saeid Rezaei, the Baha’i 
prisoner of conscience I adopted a few years ago as part of the Defending Freedoms Project. Arrested on false charges, he remains imprisoned on a 20 year sentence that would see him only released when the teenage son he left outside has already turned 31 years old. Rarely is outrage as justified as it is in this case of state-sponsored discrimination against members of the Baha’i faith. 
Today, on the seventh anniversary of the 
imprisonment of the seven Baha’i leaders in Iran, let us join together to highlight the ongo-ing injustices rampant throughout the actions of the Iranian regime and continue to stand up for the freedom of religion and beliefs across the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD C. ‘‘DANNY’’ 
DANIELSON 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, as you know the 
words spoken on the Floor of this House in many ways become the official record of our great Nation, as each word spoken here is made part of the official House R
ECORD . 
As such, I rise today to honor a great Amer-
ican, philanthropist, my Sigma Chi brother and good friend, Donald Danielson. Danny was widely known for his nearly 40-year career at City Securities, one of Indianapolis’ oldest in-vestment firms. He was the former president of New Castle-based Modernfold, the com-pany whose accordion-fold door helped change the way businesses, schools and churches utilized interior space. 
As a Sigma Chi, Danny was devoted to the 
ideals of the White Cross we wear. To all he came to know, his friendship was enduring; his generosities were large; and his life was an inspiration. He loved his Fraternity, but he knew that its helpfulness and sympathies were meant to broaden more than the bounds of an organization. To that end, his loyalty was grounded in the faith that fraternalism stands for better citizenship, for a more noble civiliza-tion, and for the higher ideals of life in its serv-ice to man and reverence to God. And in that, Mr. Speaker, we have found in Mr. Danielson not only the ideals of Sigma Chi, but the es-sence of America. 
He was accepted to Indiana University on a 
baseball scholarship, graduated and became one of the longest-serving trustees on record at the University, serving as its president for 11 of his 22 years of service. He helped cre-ate IU’s Wells Scholar program and in 1994 was awarded an honorary doctor of laws de-gree. 
After graduation, Danny served his Country 
in the U.S. Navy in both the Pacific and Atlan-tic theaters of World War II being discharged in 1946 with a rank of Lieutenant. He married his wife Patricia in 1947 and though being 
signed to play professional baseball by the Brooklyn Dodgers, decided to take a job at the IU Alumni Association instead. 
In 2009, Danielson received the Sachem 
award, the highest honor given by the state of Indiana. He received several Sagamore of the Wabash awards from Indiana Governors, and in 2014, the Indiana Historical Society named him a Living Legend. He was inducted into the Junior Achievement of Central Indiana Busi-ness Hall of Fame in 2010, and was appointed by President George H.W. Bush to the Credit Standards Advisory Committee. 
Preceded in death by his beloved wife Patti, 
Danny leaves three daughters, Mary, Susie and Amy, eight cherished grandchildren and 13 great-grandchildren. On behalf of many Hoosiers, I offer to all of them, their extended families, and all those who share the grief of his loss, my sincerest condolences. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONOR FLIGHT 
OF EASTERN AND PORTLAND OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the 48 World War II veterans from Or-egon who will be visiting their memorial this Friday in Washington, D.C. through Bend He-roes Foundation. On behalf of a grateful state 
and country, we welcome these heroes to our nation’s capital. 
The veterans on this flight from Oregon are: 
Joe DeMarsh, Army; Harry Galloway, Army; Donald Hoyt, Army; Robert Hughley, Army; Shige Imai, Army; Fred Krieger, Army; Steve Lund, Army; Roger Mockford, Army; Andy Riener, Army; Bud Simonis, Army; Jim Starr, Army; Bill Stewart, Army; Jack Tavenner, Army; Rodger Barber, Army Air Force; Les Barnhart, Army Air Force; Don Bennett, Army Air Force; Tom Bessonette, Army Air Force; Ralph Butterworth, Army Air Force; Nick Cassinelli, Army Air Force; Dick Ford, Army Air Force; Fred Forsythe, Army Air Force; Ed Miller, Army Air Force; Jim Murphy, Army Air Force; Sandy Porter, Army Air Force; Kenny Arnold, Navy; Betty Ashford, Navy; Don Bower, Navy; Gib Branstetter, Navy; Mike Brant, Navy; Frankie Carling, Navy; Paul Clay-ton, Navy; Dalton Fox, Navy; Bob Grills, Navy; Carroll Heckenlively, Navy; Cal Husbands, Navy; Royce Irby, Navy; Vern Kube, Navy; Harry Kuhlmann, Navy; Ken Larsen, Navy; Ernie McCabe, Navy; Donald McLaughlin, Navy; Lloyd McNary, Navy; Alice Tatone, Navy; Al Walters, Navy; Fred Warner, Navy; George Griffith, Marine Corps; Irv Kaplan, Ma-rine Corps; Ted Carlson, USCG Merchant Ma-rine. 
These 48 heroes join more than 138,000 
veterans from across the country who, since 2005, have journeyed from their home states to Washington, D.C. to reflect at the memo-rials built in honor of our nation’s veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the 
courage of these brave Americans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in de-fense of the freedoms we have today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.023 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E711 May 14, 2015 
My colleagues, please join me in thanking 
these veterans of Honor Flight of Eastern and Portland Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. I especially want to recognize Bend Heroes Foundation Chairman Dick Tobiason, and Trip Leaders Erik Tobiason and Pam Kelsay. Their tireless work will result in over 450 World War II vet-erans from Honor Flight of Eastern and Port-land Oregon visiting the memorials and U.S. Capitol. 
f 
HONORING HAROLD DAUM 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Harold Daum, an exceptional individual who has worked tirelessly to ensure vulnerable seniors receive essential legal services. 
It is with fond recollection that I remember 
my time working alongside Harold during the Legal Resources for the Elderly Program (LREP)’s infancy. His persona struck me in-stantly; Harold had this vibrant personality, de-termined fervor and you could sense that any-thing he undertook would feel the full weight of his energy. 
For over 27 years, as a retiree, Harold has 
committed himself to LREP. When seniors would call to inquire about the program Harold was the first to answer—he took in their con-cerns, assuaged their worries, and was instru-mental in our commitment to guaranteeing seniors quality legal representation. 
Those at LREP will tell you that his vitality 
is endless, and his charismatic smile is a pleasant welcome for anyone coming into the office. Harold is a truly remarkable person and deeply loves his country and community. He can often be found sharing an exciting story about his service as a United States Navy medic during World War II. 
As Harold enters his retirement and we cel-
ebrate his contributions, we are reminded of the joy that he brings all of us. It is through Harold that we recognize the profound impact one individual can have on an entire commu-nity. I am honored to have had the opportunity to work with Harold—he is an inspiration to us all. 
f 
HONORING U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS 
HON. STACEY E. PLASKETT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, as we com-
memorate National Police Week, I solemnly rise to honor and salute the sacrifice of our law enforcement officers around the country and in my district, the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
Law enforcement officers risk their lives 
every day to ensure the safety and security of our communities. With endless dedication they bear a great responsibility, as their family and friends share their sacrifices. I know that sac-rifice first-hand as my father was an NYPD of-ficer for 30 years and my grandfather was the Virgin Islands Deputy Police Commissioner. While we should honor their acts of valor 
and memorialize the sacrifice of the fallen daily, National Police Week affords us the op-portunity to join together as a nation to honor their courage and salute their sacrifice. I ask that the members of the 114th Congress join me in saluting the sacrifices of the Virgin Is-lands Police Officers who have died in the line of duty. They are: 
Patrolman Leopold E. Fredericks; Patrolman 
Leroy Alvaro Swan; Patrolman Rudel Albert Parrott; Patrolman Allan Williams; Patrolman Patrick Emmanuel Sweeney; Patrolman Wilbur Horatio Francis; Officer Dexter L. Mardenborough; Officer Steven Hodge; Officer Cuthbert Ezekiel Chapman; Officer Ariel Anton Frett; Officer Akeem Basil Newton and Officer Colvin Terrance Georges, Sr. 
f 
HONORING MIKE GRGICH AND 
GRGICH HILLS ESTATE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Miljenko ‘‘Mike’’ Grgich and Grgich Hills Estate Winery as they cele-brate the thirty-fifth anniversary of the ‘‘Great Chicago Chardonnay Showdown.’’ At a tasting of more than 200 wines thirty-five years ago this month, Grgich Hills Chardonnay was rec-ognized as the best chardonnay in the world. 
In the spring of 1980, Craig Goldwyn, the 
wine columnist for the Chicago Tribune, orga-nized a tasting that went on to be known as the Great Chicago Chardonnay Showdown. Chardonnays from across the world, from France to California, and even Bulgaria were collected for an historic first, the largest blind tasting of one single varietal. Grgich Hills Es-tate’s very first vintage was announced the winner, just a few short years after Mike Grgich won the Judgement of Paris wine com-petition with his Chateau Montelena chardonnay. The Chicago tasting is credited for helping to make chardonnay the most pop-ular varietal in the United States. 
In his native Croatia, winemaking was a 
family passion, and Mr. Grgich continued the tradition through his studies at Zagreb Univer-sity. Inspired by the stories of a better life abroad, he made his way across the Atlantic, and in a true demonstration of the American dream, went on to found his own winery. Ac-cording to Grgich, ‘‘There is no scientific for-mula for making great wines. You make wines with your heart. You pour your love into them and nurture them like children, and transmit to them the richness of your spirit.’’ 
Currently, Grgich Hills produces 70,000 
cases of wine each year using exclusively their own organically-grown grapes, and much of the winery is run by solar power. Methods that have become standard practice in the wine industry can trace their roots to Grgich. His influence has even spread back to his na-tive Croatia where he opened a winery and in-troduced these modern techniques to the in-dustry. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor Mike Grgich for his lifetime of success and influence in the wine industry, both at home and abroad. THE WUNSCHE BROTHERS CAFE ´ 
AND SALOON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, located just 
off the railroad tracks in Old Town Spring, Texas, sits a quaint cafe ´. But this is no ordi-
nary joint. The Wunsche Brothers Cafe ´and 
Saloon has been around since 1902. The cafe ´ 
fries up great American classics like burgers, fries, onion rings, chicken-fried steak, basically all the makings for a post-lunch nap. 
It originally opened its doors as a hotel and 
saloon, but the cafe ´has stayed in business for 
over 100 years. 
Wunsche Cafe ´has morphed into a commu-
nity icon and is somewhat of a local legend. It even attracts out-of-towners, why? Because it’s haunted. 
It’s said that the original owner, Charlie 
Wunsche, roams the restaurant, pranking workers. A little mischievous, but good na-tured, the spirit of Charlie hides items, messes with electronics and employees and is even said to have been spotted. 
Charlie, I’m sure, is just watching over his 
business, wanting to make sure it serves its customers well, who can blame him? 
Sadly the century old cafe ´suffered a mis-
hap recently. The newest addition to the Wunsche Brother’s Cafe ´burst into flames in 
the early morning hours. The flames engulfed the cafe ´, however thankfully there were no in-
juries reported. 
But here is where the story gets interesting, 
or maybe a little spooky, the original wooden, 1900’s structure only sustained smoke dam-age (that’s the part that is haunted). The new additions, put into place around the mid 80’s, suffered the most destruction. The historic foundation still stands strong, showing the community that amongst the piles of soot and insulation, there is hope. 
The cafe ´’s new owner, Nathan Lavaige, has 
remained firm in his promise that they will re-build. It will keep on standing, making deli-cious meals for Texans and tourists from all over. Haunted or not, someone was watching over the cafe ´in those early morning hours. I 
am more inclined to think it was Charlie, but we will never know. 
Thanks to the Wunsche Brothers Cafe ´for 
113 years of serving up comfort food to hun-gry customers and here’s to the next 113 years. Best wishes in the rebuild. The Houston community cannot wait until the cafe ´reopens. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING IRWIN STOVROFF 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate and honor Mr. Irwin Stovroff of Boca Raton for receiving his hon-orary doctorate from Florida Atlantic University on April 30th at age 92. Irwin was an Air Force 2nd Lieutenant and bombardier who flew over Normandy in the D-Day invasion during World War II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.026 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E712 May 14, 2015 
Florida Atlantic University (FAU) awards the 
Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree on a very selective basis to recognize achievements in the arts or high distinction in public service. With his golden retriever Cash by his side, Irwin addressed a group of 2,400 graduates and their families explaining his ex-perience as a Prisoner of War after being cap-tured by a Nazi soldier. 
After returning home, Irwin did what so 
many from the Greatest Generation did. He married, started a family, and went on to a successful business career. After retiring at age 75, he continued to serve his community and volunteered at our local Veteran’s Admin-istration Hospital in Riviera Beach. During his time at the VA Hospital, he spoke to many veterans and realized that they needed addi-tional emotional support, so he founded ‘‘Vets Helping Heroes’’. His organization has raised over $4.5 million dollars to provide service dogs to wounded service members. 
In honor of his continued service to our 
country during World War II and still now, I am pleased to recognize Mr. Irwin Stovroff and congratulate him on the receipt of an honorary doctorate degree from Florida Atlantic Univer-sity. I am proud to represent him in our great district. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with deep sympathy and sorrow for the countless deaths and inju-ries caused by the derailment of Amtrak Northeast Regional Train 188 in Philadelphia. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Due to this tragedy, the scale of which is unprecedented over the last decade, last night I decided to be with the grieving families, law enforcement officers, emergency responders, health care profes-sionals, and all those working in my district to preserve life, help the injured, and otherwise recover from the derailment in Philadelphia. For this reason, unfortunately, I missed some important votes on the floor of the House of Representatives. I hope my colleagues under-stand the imperative nature of my travelling to Philadelphia to be there for my constituents working to recover in the aftermath of this hor-rific disaster. 
I did not make this decision lightly. Serving 
my constituents is my highest honor and re-sponsibility as a Member of Congress. Of course, my voting decisions are also of high-est importance. Yet, after careful deliberation and with a heavy heart, I felt compelled to be on the scene of the Amtrak tragedy as we work as a community—local, state and federal governmental entities working hand-in-hand— to bring peace to impacted families and a sense of order to the scene. 
In light of these circumstances, and my sin-
cere opposition to one particular bill on the House floor last night, I submit some of the many reasons why I so strongly oppose H.R. 36, the so-called Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and state that I would have in fact voted against this misguided, unconstitu-tional legislation. This dangerous legislation is another alarming attempt by the Republican 
Party to deny women their constitutional right to family planning. The Supreme Court has spoken on the issue. This is settled law. 
This legislation is out of touch with the rights 
and health care needs of women. The bill’s in-adequate rape exception and overly burden-some reporting requirements continue to shame victims of rape and are particularly of-fensive. It is irresponsible for Members of Congress to continue to undermine and play politics with the rights of women and families throughout America. Moreover, this bill has no meaningful exceptions to protect women’s health, and criminalizes physicians for pro-viding necessary and constitutionally-protected care. 
For these reasons, I continue to strongly op-
pose and, had I been present, would in no un-certain terms have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 223, H.R. 36 final passage, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 222, the Motion to Recommit H.R. 36. How-ever, again, in light of the tragic events in Philadelphia, I felt compelled to be there with the health care providers, first responders, and volunteers working to restore peace and safe-ty to the scene. Once again, I’d like to express my condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims of Amtrak Train 188’s de-railment. I hope my colleagues and constitu-ents will understand my absence despite the importance of this vote. 
f 
HONORING THE EBONETTE SOCIAL 
& CIVICS CLUB 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a group of ladies who have shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve their community, the Ebonette Social & Civics Club. The Ebonette Social & Civics Club has served as an informational vehicle to citizens of Sharkey & lssaquena Counties. 
The Ebonette Social and Civics Club was 
established in 1968 with local ladies from Sharkey and Issaquena Counties. The mission and vision of the organization is for civic im-provement and social entertainment. The Ebonette Social & Civics Club also provides and supports activities, services, programs and opportunities for the benefit of youth ex-cellence and moral character; and to promote community and economic development. 
The Ebonettes give yearly scholarships to 
students from both South Delta High School and Sharkey Issaquena Academy. To date over $25,000 has been given. The scholar-ships given are not discriminated based on race or any ethnic background. 
The ladies also provide Christmas gifts to 
needy families, support Breast Cancer Organi-zations, provided support for burned out vic-tims, provide meals for senior citizens and worked with the Hwy 14 clean-up and numer-ous of other community activities. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the Ebonette Social & Civics Club for its dedication to serving others and giving back to the community. PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation is yet another attempt by conservative lawmakers to dictate a woman’s reproductive rights. This bill calls for a nation-wide ban on abortion care after 20 weeks of pregnancy. There are 14 similar bans in states. 
The bill also makes it much more difficult for 
sexual assault survivors to obtain abortion care by requiring that she obtain counseling or medical treatment from a list of specific loca-tions. This counseling may not be from a health center that provides abortion care. The bill also requires incest survivors who are mi-nors to provide written proof that the crime was reported to law enforcement or the gov-ernment. This is extremely limiting and an un-reasonable burden to place upon a sexual as-sault survivor. 
The legislation also forces abortion pro-
viders to divulge private health information re-garding which patients have received abortion care after 20 weeks to the government. This essentially creates a ‘‘hit list’’ of providers around the country for anti-choice supporters to target when they are merely providing legal and necessary care. 
While the right to choose is of the utmost 
importance, this bill would also add unneces-sary pain and suffering to women who experi-ence fatal fetal anomalies late in pregnancy. It is callous and uncompassionate to deny an abortion to a pregnant woman who knows that her child has no chance of survival. 
Banning abortion care based on arbitrary 
gestational limits decided by federal law-makers is unconstitutional and unjust. This legislation is extreme and blocks a woman’s access to safe health care options such as the freedom to make personal reproductive deci-sions. 
f 
HONORING NEW MEXICO CIVIL 
WAR SITES 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the landmark locations in New Mexico where thousands of Spanish speaking New Mexico Hispanos fought valiantly during the Civil War. 
When the U.S. Territorial Governor issued a 
call for service in 1861, 4,000 men aged 18 to 45 from Las Vegas, Santa Fe, Taos, Mora, Chaperito and other surrounding villages an-swered the call and were organized into five regiments known as the New Mexico Volun-teers. 
Brigadier General Henry Hopkins Sibley led 
Confederate troops into New Mexico in an at-tempt to capture Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Fort Union and the Santa Fe Trail so his army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.031 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E713 May 14, 2015 
could take control of the gold and silver mines 
in Colorado. His plan was to eventually arrive at the coast of California in order to replenish the South’s depleted funds. 
The Battle at Valverde took place on Feb-
ruary 20th and 21st, 1862, near Fort Craig in southern New Mexico with the Union Army under the command of Colonel Edward Canby. Union forces blocked the passage of Confederates at the river ford until reinforce-ments arrived and a fierce battle ensued. Dur-ing the engagement 68 Union soldiers and 36 Confederate soldiers were killed with over 300 wounded. In the end, the battle was a victory for the South. 
Union forces returned to Fort Union and the 
Confederate forces captured Albuquerque and Santa Fe before also moving on towards Fort Union over Glorieta Pass, where the armies were destined to collide. 
The Battle of Glorieta Pass took place 
March 26th through March 28th, 1862, in Apache Canyon with the bulk of Union forces in head-to-head combat with Confederate troops. During the battle, a group of New Mex-ico Volunteer scouts under the command of Lt. Colonel Manuel Chavez, and Captain Rafael Chacon, Corporal Albino Garcia, Innocencio Arellanes, and Anastasio Duran detected the Confederate supply train near Johnson’s Ranch and destroyed eighty supply wagons and drove off 500 horses and mules. 
At the end of the Battle of Glorieta Pass the 
Union lost 51 soldiers with 78 wounded, and the Confederates lost 50 soldiers with 80 wounded. Although Confederates won the bat-tle on the field, the loss of supplies and live-stock completely crippled them and they were forced to make their way back to Texas in de-feat. 
In 1993, the Congressional Civil War Sites 
Advisory Commission was tasked with identi-fying the nation’s historically significant battle sites and the Battle of Glorieta Pass received a Priority 1, Class A, as one of the principle strategic operations having a direct impact on the course of the war—Gettysburg and Antie-tam received the same distinction. 
Portions of the Glorieta Pass Battlefield 
have become a part of the National Park Sys-tem and it is also designated as a National Historic Landmark. It is fitting and proper to erect a memorial at the site of the Battle of Glorieta, honoring the Hispanic Civil War Vet-erans who lost their lives and those that fought with courage and honor for their coun-try. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 175TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF ST. MARY’S COL-LEGE OF MARYLAND 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 16, 2015, 
students, faculty, and staff will gather in his-toric St. Mary’s City, Maryland, to celebrate the St. Mary’s College of Maryland Class of 2015 Commencement. They—along with many others across Maryland and our coun-try—will also be marking the 175th anniver-sary of the College’s founding. 
Since its humble beginnings in 1840 as a 
female seminary, St. Mary’s College of Mary-land has been a center of learning and edu-
cational empowerment. Set along the St. Mary’s River, where Leonard Calvert and the first English settlers disembarked from the Ark and Dove in 1634 to found the colony of Mary-land, it expanded in the early twentieth century to become the State’s first junior college and became co-educational. In the 1960’s, the school transitioned into a four-year college and granted its first undergraduate degrees in 1971. Recognizing its tradition of excellence in liberal arts education, its high standards, and its unique history, the Maryland General As-sembly formalized St. Mary’s College of Mary-land as the state’s only public honors college in 1992. Today, it continues to graduate some of Maryland’s best and brightest students from thirty-one academic programs and ranks among the best public liberal arts colleges in the nation. 
I am proud to represent the students, fac-
ulty, and staff of St. Mary’s College of Mary-land in Congress as well as to have served as a member of its Board of Trustees since 1995. Alumni of the College run businesses, con-tribute to the arts and athletics, conduct re-search in marine biology and the environment, report the news through national outlets, and serve in government—including in my Con-gressional office. They are continuing their alma mater’s tradition of preparing graduates to make a difference wherever they live and work throughout Maryland and across our country. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in con-
gratulating the entire St. Mary’s College of Maryland community, led by its dynamic new President, Tuajuanda Jordan, on reaching its 175th year of serving as a living memorial to those first Maryland colonists’ commitment to religious freedom, tolerance, and opportunity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OPERATION THANK 
YOU 
HON. GWEN GRAHAM 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today, I’d like 
to recognize Operation Thank You, an annual event honoring veterans and active-duty serv-ice members in Leon County. 
As we mark the 65th anniversary of our na-
tion’s entry in the Korean War, the 2015 Oper-ation Thank You will honor Korean War vet-erans and their families at the Florida Korean War Memorial in Tallahassee on Saturday, May 16th. 
The event will include a presentation of col-
ors by the Godby High School JROTC Color Guard, a performance of the national anthem by the Lawton Chiles High School Choir, and remarks by Korean War veterans—along with a pancake breakfast. 
Leon County has a long tradition of sup-
porting local veterans and making sure they receive the care they deserve. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I extend our deepest appreciation to all of those working to make this year’s Op-eration Thank You a success. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICK W. ALLEN 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on 
the Motion to Recommit for H.R. 2029 on April 30, 2015. Listed below is how I would have voted if I had been present. 
Roll Call Vote 192—Motion to Recommit 
H.R. 2029—Nay. 
f 
OFFICER LIQUORI TATE 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the bravery and sacrifice dem-onstrated by Officer Liquori Tate, a recently commissioned member of the Hattiesburg Po-lice Department, who was tragically slain in the line of duty on Saturday, the ninth day of May in the year two thousand and fifteen. 
Officer Liquori Tate was twenty-five years 
old, a resident of Hattiesburg, and a graduate of South Pike High School near McComb. He was the son of Youlander Ross of Jackson and Ronald Tate of Georgia and brother to thirteen siblings. He had a passion for the Miami Heat, the Atlanta Falcons, and good blues music. 
Tate graduated from the Hattiesburg Police 
Training Academy and became a patrolman with Hattiesburg Police Force in 2014. During his training, Liquori was challenged in every way possible but, according to one of his train-ing officers, he was the only recruit who re-fused to consider failure or withdrawal as an option. 
Tate’s lifelong ambition was to serve his 
community in a policeman’s uniform. He was an exceptional young man who chose a life of service, placing himself in danger each day in order to protect the citizens of Hattiesburg. 
Officer Tate had a passion for the siren, and 
could often be heard sounding his own while on patrol. He was excited about being a po-liceman and loved going to work each day. Those who served with him knew he was ‘all smiles,’ and he was a valuable member of the Hattiesburg Police Force. 
The City of Hattiesburg and the Great State 
of Mississippi have suffered the loss of one of our own: a family member and a protector and defender of our constitution and laws. Every citizen deeply and sincerely feels the loss of Officer Liquori Tate, and his service, heroism, and sacrifice will not be forgotten. 
f 
HONORING THE BI-NATIONAL 
HEALTH ALLIANCE OF NAPA COUNTY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize and honor the Bi-Na-tional Health Alliance of Napa County’s dedi-cation to improving the health and well-being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.035 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E714 May 14, 2015 
of our underserved Latino community. Bi-Na-
tional Health Alliance of Napa County strives to improve the quality of life, promote positive physical and mental health, provide opportuni-ties to access resources in a culturally sen-sitive environment, and encourage empower-ment and growth. 
Ten years ago, Catalina Chavez-Tapia and 
Queen of the Valley Medical Center founded the Napa County Bi-National Health Week Task Force, which transitioned into a year- round effort: the Bi-National Health Alliance of Napa County. By increasing awareness of risk factors affecting health and providing informa-tion on available health services and re-sources, the Bi-National Health Alliance of Napa County brings together existing commu-nity resources to empower local Latinos to live healthier lifestyles. 
The Bi-National Health Alliance of Napa 
County also organizes a number of events to encourage the Latino community to become more engaged locally. This includes the Napa Valley Latina Women’s Conference, which is held to empower Latina women to engage in their community through cultural, mental health, and educational workshops along with free health screenings, educational informa-tion, and follow-up care. Since the con-ference’s inception, over 1,120 professional and newly immigrated, low-income, and disenfranchised Latina women have attended and been provided a forum to identify and ad-dress the cultural barriers to the advancement of Latina women locally. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we 
recognize the Bi-National Health Alliance of Napa County’s dedication to the best ideals of public service as they host their 11th Annual Napa Valley Latina Women’s Conference on May 14th, 2015. On behalf of a grateful com-munity, we honor and thank the Bi-National Health Alliance of Napa County for their many years of service, and hope for many more. 
f 
HONORING FAATIN KHALEELAH 
MUHAMMAD 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent, Faatin Khaleelah Muhammad. 
Faatin Khaleelah Muhammad is the 17 year 
old daughter of James and Latonya Muham-mad and is a member of Pilgrim Missionary Baptist Church located in Natchez, Mississippi. 
Faatin has managed to maintain a 3.5 GPA 
for 4 years, at Jefferson County High School and throughout her life, excelled in school and sports: she has been a member of the Jeffer-son County High School Track team since 2012; she has received multiple plaques, rib-bons, and metals for her performances; and she has served 2 years as a high school cheerleader. Faatin is currently president of FCCLA where she completed many commu-nity services and projects. She is also a mem-ber of FBLA, TSA, TATU and the Senior Tran-sition Program. She has been in the Jefferson County High School Marching Band since the 9th grade. 
Upon graduation, Faatin will attend Alcorn 
State University located in Lorman, Mis-sissippi. She will major in Animal Science with 
hopes to become an Animal doctor in Mis-sissippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Faatin Khaleelah Muhammad, as a student who is goal oriented and making a difference in her community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RALPH WIRTZ 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Ralph Wirtz in recognition of his many contributions to Michigan’s 4th Dis-trict as the editor of the Midland Daily News. 
Ralph Wirtz dedicated over forty years of his 
life to the Midland Daily News starting as a sports writer and, because of his outstanding journalistic abilities, accepted increased re-sponsibility until his appointment as managing editor in 1989. 
Ralph did not originally plan on a career in 
journalism but discovered a passion for sports writing while serving in the United States Navy in the 1970’s. He has won numerous awards over the course of his career, including Agri-culture Communicator of the Year in 1998, first place in editorial writing by the Associated Press in 2008, the 2008 Journalist of the Year award by the Press Association Society of America and the Midland Community Voices Rosemary Byers Award in 2009. Ralph has been the person that the community has turned to whenever they needed a trusted voice for their news and information. 
Ralph Wirtz has set the standard for journal-
istic excellence in Michigan and his tireless work on behalf of his community is worthy of recognition from this Congress. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional District of Michigan, I am honored today to recognize Ralph Wirtz in gratitude for his forty years of service to the Midland Daily News and the Midland Commu-nity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on 
May 13, I missed a Roll Call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on #221. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
POLICE WEEK 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Police Week, which was first established by a joint resolution of Congress in 1962. National Police Week was initially created to coincide with the National Peace Officer Memorial Day established by President Kennedy in the same year. This week, we give special recognition to 
those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
I want to express my personal gratitude for 
the hard work and dedication that law enforce-ment officers selflessly give to their commu-nities all over the country. I also wish to thank the family members of those officers who have paid the ultimate sacrifice for the safety and protection of others. They deserve our nation’s highest respect and admiration. 
On behalf of the residents in the 30th Con-
gressional District of Texas, I want to thank every officer in the Balch Springs, Cedar Hill, Dallas, Desoto, Duncanville, Glenn Heights, Grand Prairie, Hutchins, Lancaster, Mesquite, Ovilla and Wilmer Police Departments. I am thankful for the leadership of our capable po-lice chiefs and sheriffs, who are working hard to implement major reforms within their depart-ments to decrease the instances of police re-lated violence. I look forward to continuing our positive working relationship. 
Now more than ever, there is a great need 
to build trust in our communities between po-lice and the people that they pledge to serve and protect. I understand that what we ask of our police officers is a dangerous, difficult, and sometimes thankless job. Far too frequently, the actions of a few individuals overshadow the dedication and service of the hundreds of thousands of law enforcement officers who perform their duty with the utmost courtesy and integrity. I am thankful for their courage, their professionalism, and their daily sacrifice to protect and serve our communities across the country. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that 
the following exchange of letters be submitted during consideration of H.R. 1735: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our 
mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, which contains substantial matter that falls within the Rule X legisla-tive jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. I appreciate the cooperation that al-lowed us to work out mutually agreeable text on numerous matters prior to your markup. 
Based on that cooperation and our associ-
ated understandings, the Foreign Affairs Committee will not seek a sequential refer-ral or object to floor consideration of the bill text approved at your Committee markup. This decision in no way diminishes or alters 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.040 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E715 May 14, 2015 
the jurisdictional interests of the Foreign 
Affairs Committee in this bill, any subse-quent amendments, or similar legislation. I request your support for the appointment of House Foreign Affairs conferees during any House-Senate conference on this legislation. 
Finally, I respectfully request that you in-
clude this letter and your response in your committee report on the bill and in the Con-gressional Record during consideration of H.R. 1735 on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Foreign Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you 
concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in matters being considered in H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Our committee recognizes the importance 
of H.R. 1735 and the need for the legislation to move expeditiously. Therefore, while we have a valid claim to jurisdiction over the bill, I do not intend to request a sequential referral. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual understanding that nothing in this legislation or my decision to forego a se-quential referral waives, reduces or other-wise affects the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest will be included in the Committee Report and as part of the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill by the House. 
The Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform also asks that you support our request to be conferees on the provisions 
over which we have jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference. 
Thank you for your consideration in this 
matter. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this impor-tant legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequen-tial referral, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. M ACTHORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : In recognition of the 
importance of expediting the passage of H.R. 1735, the ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authorization Bill’’, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence hereby waives further consideration of the bill. The Committee has jurisdictional interests in H.R. 1735, including intelligence and intel-ligence-related authorizations and provisions in the amendment. 
The Committee takes this action only with 
the understanding that this procedural route should not be construed to prejudice the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence’s jurisdictional interest over this bill or any similar bill and will not be considered precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to the Committee in the future, including in con-nection with any subsequent consideration of the bill by the House. In addition, the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence will seek conferees on any provisions in the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference that may be convened on this legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that you include a 
copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-ter in the Congressional Record during the House debate on H.R. 1735. I appreciate the constructive work between our committees 
on this matter and thank you for your con-sideration. 
Sincerely, 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
f 
7TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INCAR-
CERATION OF SEVERAL PROMI-NENT MEMBERS OF THE BAHA’I COMMUNITY BY THE IRANIAN REGIME 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 7th anniversary of the incarceration of several prominent members of the Baha’i community by the Iranian regime. 
The 9th District of Illinois is home to the 
Baha’i House of Worship—which I just visited last week—and many members of the Baha’i faith. I have heard many stories about the Ira-nian government’s mistreatment of the Baha’i community, and those stories are truly heart-breaking. Members of the Baha’i community face the constant risk of violence, arrest or worse, and suffer significant discrimination as they go about their daily lives. 
The arrest and conviction of these Baha’i 
leaders is but one example of a much larger problem of human rights abuses. I call on the Iranian government to release the seven Baha’i leaders who have been in their custody for so long and to change the way it treats re-ligious minorities—including members of the Baha’i community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.044 E14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D537 Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 1295, Trade Preferences Extension Act, as amended. 
Senate passed H.R. 644, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, 
as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2897–S2948. 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-two bills and one 
resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 1338–1359, and S. Res. 179.
                              Page S2933 
Measures Reported: 
H.R. 460, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-
curity to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities. (S. Rept. No. 114–46)
                                                                          Page S2933 
Measures Passed: 
Trade Preferences Extension Act: By 97 yeas to 
1 nay (Vote No. 178), Senate passed H.R. 1295, to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the pref-erential duty treatment program for Haiti, by the order of the Senate of Wednesday, May 13, 2015, 60 Senators having voted in the affirmative, and after taking action on the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S2907 
Adopted: 
Hatch Amendment No. 1223, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                                       Page S2899 
Hatch Amendment No. 1240, to amend the title. 
                                                                                            Page S2946 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act: 
By 78 yeas to 20 nays (Vote No. 179), Senate passed H.R. 644, to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, by the order of the Senate of Wednesday, May 13, 2015, 60 Sen-ators having voted in the affirmative, and after tak-ing action on the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S2907–08 Adopted: 
Hatch Amendment No. 1224, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                                       Page S2899 
Hatch Amendment No. 1241, to amend the title. 
                                                                                            Page S2946 
Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act: 
Senate passed H.R. 606, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their depend-ents from gross income.
                                 Pages S2913–14 
Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act: Senate 
passed S. 1356, to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effective regulations relating to such provi-sions.
                                                                                Page S2933 
Kids to Parks Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 179, 
designating May 16, 2015, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’. 
                                                                                    Pages S2946–47 
Measures Considered: 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to 
Appeal Act—Agreement: Senate began consider-
ation of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an adminis-trative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                      Pages S2926–27, S2947 
Pending: 
Hatch Amendment No. 1221, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                                       Page S2926 
Hatch (for Flake) Amendment No. 1243 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program.
     Page S2926 
Hatch (for Lankford) Amendment No. 1237 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to establish consideration of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D538 May 14, 2015 
the conditions relating to religious freedom of par-
ties to trade negotiations as an overall negotiating objective of the United States.
                            Page S2926 
Brown Amendment No. 1242 (to Amendment 
No. 1221), to restore funding for the trade adjust-ment assistance program to the level established by the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011.
                                                                                Page S2926 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
Pursuant to the order of Wednesday, May 13, 
2015, the motion to proceed to the motion to recon-sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on Tuesday, May 12, 2015, was agreed to.
        Page S2908 
Pursuant to the order of Wednesday, May 13, 
2015, the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on Tuesday, May 12, 2015, was agreed to.
                                                              Page S2912 
By 65 yeas to 33 nays (Vote No. 180), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate, upon reconsider-ation, agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                                                           Pages S2912–13 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that when Senate resumes consideration of the bill on Monday, May 15, 2015, the time until 5:30 p.m., be equally divided between the managers, or their designees, and that at 5:30 p.m., Senate vote on or in relation to Brown Amendment No. 1242 (to Amendment No. 1221) (listed above) and Hatch (for Lankford) Amendment No. 1237 (to Amend-ment No. 1221) (listed above) in that order, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes, and a 60 affirmative vote threshold for adop-tion.
                                                                                  Page S2926 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at 3 p.m., on Monday, May 18, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
        Page S2947 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Leslie E. Bains, of New York, to be a Director of 
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation for a term expiring December 31, 2015. 
Leslie E. Bains, of New York, to be a Director of 
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation for a term expiring December 31, 2018. 
Juan Carlos Iturregui, of Maryland, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a term expiring June 26, 2020. 
Karl Boyd Brooks, of Kansas, to be an Assistant 
Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Nicaragua. John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. 
Samuel D. Heins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador 
to the Kingdom of Norway. 
Thomas O. Melia, of Maryland, to be an Assistant 
Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
37 Army nominations in the rank of general. 5 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-
ral. 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2947–48 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2932 
Measures Read the First Time: 
                                                                      Pages S2932–33, S2947 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2933 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2933–35 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2935–37 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2931–32 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2937–46 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2946 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—180)                                            Pages S2907–08, S2913 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:01 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, May 18, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2947.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
END-USERS AND MARKET LIQUIDITY 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine regulatory issues impacting end-users and market liquidity, after receiving testimony from Timothy G. Massad, Chairman, Commodity Futures Trading Commission; Terrence A. Duffy, CME Group Inc., Chicago, Illi-nois; Bruce Barber, ADM, Forsyth, Illinois, on behalf of Commodity Markets Council; Jeffrey L. Walker, Alliance for Cooperative Energy Services Power Mar-keting LLC, Carmel, Indiana; Michael D. Bopp, Gib-son, Dunn and Crutcher LLP, Washington, D.C., on behalf of the Coalition for Derivatives End-Users; and Sean O. Cota, Commodity Markets Oversight Coalition, Bellows Falls, Vermont. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D539 May 14, 2015 
APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL LABOR 
RELATIONS BOARD 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Labor Relations Board, after receiving testimony from Mark Pearce, Chairman, and Richard Griffin, Gen-eral Counsel, both of the National Labor Relations Board. 
AUTHORIZATION—DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 411, to authorize the approval of natural gas pipelines and establish deadlines and expedite permits for certain natural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land, S. 485, to prohibit the use of eminent domain in carrying out certain projects, S. 1017, to amend the Federal Power Act to improve the siting of interstate electric transmission facilities, S. 1037, to expand the provisions for termination of mandatory purchase requirements under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, S. 1196, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant rights-of-ways on Federal land, S. 1201, to advance the integration of clean distributed energy into electric grids, S. 1202, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to assist States in adopting updated interconnection proce-dures and tariff schedules and standards for supple-mental, backup, and standby power fees for projects for combined heat and power technology and waste heat to power technology, S. 1207, to direct the Sec-retary of Energy to establish a grant program under which the Secretary shall make grants to eligible partnerships to provide for the transformation of the electric grid by the year 2030, S. 1210, to provide for the timely consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with re-spect to oil and gas production and distribution, S. 1213, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Poli-cies Act of 1978 and the Federal Power Act to facili-tate the free market for distributed energy resources, S. 1217, to establish an Interagency Rapid Response Team for Transmission, to establish an Office of Transmission Ombudsperson, S. 1219, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the safe and reliable interconnection of distributed resources and to provide for the examina-tion of the effects of net metering, S. 1220, to im-
prove the distribution of energy in the United States, S. 1225, to improve Federal land manage-ment, resource conservation, environmental protec-tion, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Secretary of the Interior to develop a multipur-pose cadastre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, duplicate, and out-of-date Federal land inventories, S. 1227, to require the Secretary of En-ergy to develop an implementation strategy to pro-mote the development of hybrid micro-grid systems for isolated communities, S. 1228, to require ap-proval for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of oil or natural gas pipelines or electric transmission facilities at the national boundary of the United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or electricity to or from Canada or Mexico, S. 1231, to require congressional notification for certain Strategic Petroleum Reserve operations and to deter-mine options available for the continued operation of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, S. 1232, to amend the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to modify provisions relating to smart grid mod-ernization, S. 1233, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to expand the elec-tric rate-setting authority of States, S. 1237, to amend the Natural Gas Act to limit the authority of the Secretary of Energy to approve certain pro-posals relating to export activities of liquefied nat-ural gas terminals, S. 1242, to amend the Natural Gas Act to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to consider regional constraints in nat-ural gas supply and whether a proposed LNG ter-minal would benefit regional consumers of natural gas before approving or disapproving an application for the LNG terminal, and S. 1243, to facilitate modernizing the electric grid, after receiving testi-mony from Brian P. Kalk, North Dakota Public Service Commissioner, Bismarck; and Erica Bowman, America’s Natural Gas Alliance, Jonathan M. Weisgall, Berkshire Hathaway Energy, Amy Ericson, Alstom Inc., Greg Dotson, Center for American Progress, and James L. Hunter, International Broth-erhood of Electrical Workers Utility Department, all of Washington, D.C. 
IMPROVING CARE FOR MEDICARE 
PATIENTS 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine a pathway to improving care for Medi-care patients with chronic conditions, after receiving testimony from Patrick Conway, Acting Principal Deputy Administrator, Deputy Administrator for In-novation and Quality, and Chief Medical Officer, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services; and Mark E. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D540 May 14, 2015 
Miller, Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, 
Washington, D.C. 
CYBERSECURITY 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine cybersecurity, 
focusing on setting the rules for responsible global cyber behavior, after receiving testimony from Chris-topher M. E. Painter, Coordinator for Cyber Issues, Department of State; James A. Lewis, Center for Strategic and International Studies, Washington, 
D.C.; and Michael Greenberger, University of Mary-land Center for Health and Homeland Security, Bal-timore. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 32 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2315–2346; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 52–53; H. Con. Res. 45–46; and H. Res. 262–264, were introduced.
                          Pages H3211–13 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3214–15 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
Supplemental report on H.R. 1806, to provide for 
technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–107, part 2); 
H.R. 880, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–113); and 
H.R. 1907, to reauthorize trade facilitation and 
trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–114, Part 1).
                                                      Page H3211 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Holding to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2961 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:06 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H2968 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Byrne wherein he resigned from the Committee on Natural Resources.
                    Page H2972 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015: 
Concurred in the Senate amendments to H.R. 1191, to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 400 
yeas to 25 nays, Roll No. 226; and 
                                                                Pages H2972–83, H2997–98 
Hezbollah International Financing Prevention 
Act of 2015: H.R. 2297, to prevent Hezbollah and 
associated entities from gaining access to inter-national financial and other institutions, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 227.
               Pages H2983–2989, H2998–99 
Clarifying the effective date of certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014: The House agreed to discharge from com-
mittee and pass H.R. 2252, to clarify the effective date of certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014.
                                      Page H2999 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:21 p.m. and recon-
vened at 7:27 p.m.                                                    Page H3181 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2016: The House considered H.R. 1735, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, and to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, May 15. 
                                                                             Pages H2999–H3206 
Agreed to: 
Thornberry amendment (No. 1 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that makes technical, conforming, and clarifying changes in the bill;
            Pages H3154–55 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Young (AK) (No. 3) that expresses the Sense of Congress that Pacific Air Force’s F–35A basing decision should be based on a base’s capa-bility to host fighter-based bilateral and multilateral training opportunities with international partners, have sufficient airspace and range capabilities to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D541 May 14, 2015 
meet training requirements, have sufficient existing 
facilities, have limited encroachment, and minimize overall construction and operational costs; Heck (NV) (No. 4) that authorizes an additional $25,000,000 for the Office of Economic Adjustment to be available for transportation infrastructure im-provements associated with congestion mitigation in urban areas related to recommendations of the 2005 Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission; Messer (No. 6) that requires the Secretary of De-fense, no earlier than 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this bill, to conduct a study on the impact of the Environmental Protection Agency’s proposed National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone regulation on military readiness; Takai (No. 7) that enhances the authority of service members to obtain professional certifications in the maritime trades; McGovern (No. 8) that requires the Secretary of De-fense to design and produce a military service medal to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (Atomic Veterans), which are determined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, in the USC; Hanna (No. 9) that allows memorial headstone or grave markers to be made available for purchase by Guard or Reserve members who served for at least six years, at no cost to the government, and clarifies that this does not allow for any new veteran benefits, and does not au-thorize any new burial benefit or create any new au-thority for an individual to be buried in a national cemetery; Kline (No. 10) that provides a one-time election for certain military retirees to regain access to TRICARE Prime because the DOD unilaterally changed the eligibility criteria for retirees living more than 100 miles from a military treatment facil-ity, and fully off-sets the cost of TRICARE Prime by reducing the program increase in MV–22 engi-neering support; Thornberry (No. 11) that limits the funds made available to the Department of Defense Healthcare Management System for Fiscal Year 2016 so that no more than 75 percent can be spent until the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes the certification required in the Fiscal Year 2014 NDAA; Pascrell (No. 12) that directs the peer-re-viewed Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury Research Program to conduct a study on blast injury and its correlation to traumatic brain injury; Hurd (No. 13) that includes the entire federal gov-ernment in the Independent Study of Matters Re-lated to Bid Protests; Chabot (No. 14) that amends the Small Business Act to ensure that the Small Business Administration (SBA) negotiates agency prime contracting goals with a view towards encour-aging participation by a wide variety of small busi-nesses; requires that any SBA procurement scorecard assesses the use of small businesses as prime contrac-tors and subcontractors, and looks at the small busi-
ness participation rate; Perry (No. 18) that prohibits the use of funds for realignment of forces at or the closure of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; Hanna (No. 19) that requires the Sec-retary of Defense to submit a report to Congress that assesses the degree to which existing defense capa-bilities are able to detect, identify, and potentially disable remotely piloted aircraft within special use and restricted airspace; requires the Secretary to identify how existing research and development De-partment resources can be leveraged to strengthen our nation’s ability to detect, identify, and disable unidentified or potentially malicious remotely pi-loted aircraft; Kline (No. 20) that expresses a sense of Congress that U.S. military forces should have the proper resources at all times during an ordered evac-uation of an embassy abroad and that no restrictions should be placed on the ability of our military to maintain and use weapons and equipment to protect themselves and evacuees during an ordered embassy evacuation; Engel (No. 25) that requires a report to assess the effectiveness and operational requirements of establishing a no-fly zone in Syria; Connolly (No. 29) that prohibits the authorization of funds to im-plement any action that recognizes Russian sov-ereignty over Crimea or provide assistance to the central governments of countries that support the il-legal annexation of Crimea; provides a national inter-est waiver for the prohibition on assistance to central governments supportive of the illegal annexation of Crimea; Davis (CA) (No. 36) that provides an excep-tion to the regulations governing minor military construction in the case of military child care facili-ties; authorization would sunset three years following enactment; Scalise (No. 76) that exempts Ability One products from the Afghan First, Central Asian States, and Djibouti procurement program; and Engel (No. 94) that ensures a focus on the protection of human rights will be maintained as part of U.S. efforts to train Afghan National Security Forces; 
                                                                                    Pages H3156–60 
Hunter amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that establishes an Interagency Hostage Recovery Coordinator to direct hostage rescue efforts; 
                                                                                    Pages H3170–72 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Stivers (No. 22) that permits participation in a pilot program for DoD and FAA to jointly award competitive grants to airports that support both civilian and military operations for tower or other infrastructure improvements; Thornberry (No. 24) that requires the Secretary of Defense to submit reprogrammings to be able to use funds from the Syria Train and Equip Fund to execute the Syria 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D542 May 14, 2015 
Train and Equip program; requires the SECDEF to 
submit a comprehensive strategy for Syria and Iraq (and an update with the reprogramming requests), and requires the SECDEF to submit a certification on support provided to the trained Syria opposition; Lamborn (No. 26) that adds language to the under-lying Iran Sense of Congress regarding the sale of S–300’s and the importance of terrorism related sanctions; Turner (No. 28) that limits the avail-ability of any funds, authorized through this act, which may be used to facilitate the United States &amp; Russia’s conduct of bilateral military-to-mili-tary engagement until the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies certain criteria; Rogers (AL) (No. 30) that ex-presses a sense of Congress on opportunities to en-hance the United States Alliance with the Republic of Korea; Ros-Lehtinen (No. 31) that authorizes the Secretary of Defense to deploy assets, personnel and resources to SOUTHCOM, in coordination with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, to combat transnational criminal organization, drug trafficking, bulk shipments of narcotics or currency, narco-ter-rorism, human trafficking and the Iranian presence in SOUTHCOM’s AOR; Mulvaney (No. 33) that in-structs the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to Congress a report on how funds author-ized for overseas contingency operations were ulti-mately used; Walker (No. 34) that provides that de-fense contractor information concerning breaches can be shared with DOD and disseminated for additional purposes including cybersecurity, national security, and law enforcement; Sherman (No. 40) that adds two certifications to section 3119 of the NDAA, which concerns the transfer of nuclear technology to foreign countries, regarding (1) the recipient coun-try’s compliance with its agreement for nuclear co-operation with the US; and (2) its efforts to prevent transfers of sensitive items to countries of prolifera-tion concern; provides further that any arrangement granting a country permission to reprocess U.S. ori-gin spent fuel be submitted to Congress; Jackson Lee (No. 43) that provides guidance to the Secretary of Defense on identifying HBCUs and minority serving institutions to assist them in developing scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities; Aguilar (No. 47) that requests a report, form the Secretary of Defense, outlining the number of racial or ethnic minority groups, women, and disabled per-sons that have participated in the DOD’s National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellow-ship; the barriers that have been found in recruiting participants from these groups; and a set of policy recommendations focused on increasing these groups participation; Clark (MA) (No. 48) that expresses the Sense of Congress that the quality of America’s fu-ture STEM workforce is a matter of national security concern, that Federally Funded Research and Devel-
opment Centers employ a highly skilled workforce that is qualified to support STEM initiatives, and that the Department of Defense should explore its existing authority to permit these Centers to help fa-cilitate and shape a high-quality future STEM work-force capable of supporting Department of Defense needs; Veasey (No. 49) that increases authorization amount for digital up- grades, Research and Devel-opment for the V–22 Osprey by $75,000,000, offset by a identical reduction for Navy spares and repair parts; and Peters (No. 50) that asks DOD to report on the merger between the Office of Assistant Sec-retary for Operational Energy Plans and Deputy Under Secretary for Installations and Environment; 
                                                                                    Pages H3172–77 
Brooks (AL) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that strikes section 538, relating to a sense of the House of Representatives regarding Secretary of Defense review of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding enlisting certain aliens in the Armed Forces (by a recorded vote of 221 ayes to 202 noes, Roll No. 229); 
                                                                Pages H3163–64, H3178–79 
Walorski amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that extends and strengthens provisions re-lated to detainees at Guantanamo Bay (by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 230); 
                                                                      Pages H3164–66, H3179 
McCaul amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that amends 10 USC 2576a to include border security activities to the list of preferred ap-plications the Department of Defense considers when transferring excess property to other federal agencies; 
                                                                Pages H3169–70, H3180–81 
Lummis amendment (No. 35 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that prohibits reducing the alert posture of the ICBM force;
                                            Pages H3185–87 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Hardy (No. 37) that ensures that national monument designations under the Antiquities Act will not endanger our national security; guarantees our men and women in uniform access to land lo-cated beneath or associated with a Military Oper-ations Area (MOA) for vital training and readiness activities; Zinke (No. 39) that renames the Captain William Wylie Galt Great Falls Armed Forces Read-iness Center in Honor of Captain John E. Moran, a Recipient of the Medal of Honor; Costello (No. 42) that expresses a sense of Congress in support of pro-viding the necessary funding levels for the Army to meet its tactical wheeled vehicle protection kits ac-quisition objectives; Collins (NY) (No. 44) that re-quires a report to Congress from the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D543 May 14, 2015 
Army detailing market survey findings and flight as-
sessment of commercial-off-the-market wide-area sur-veillance sensors for Army unmanned vehicles; Hun-ter (No. 45) that requires a report on Tactical Com-bat Training System Increment II; Palazzo (No. 46) that clarifies and improves language to foster coordi-nation and communication of defense research activi-ties to provide open data to other entities that were previously not included in the law; Farenthold (No. 51) that ; encourages the Department of Defense to enter into contracts with third party vendors to pro-vide free access to wireless high-speed internet to all members of the Armed Forces who are deployed overseas at any United States military facility; Loebsack (No. 53) that amends 10 USC Chapter 434 Section 4554(a)(3)(A) to authorize the inclusion of an option period of up to 25 years, in addition to the current 25 year term limitation, for a combined maximum term of 50 years; Fleming (No. 54) that requires a report and certification by the Secretary of Defense that an Army active duty end strength below 490,000 soldiers will be adequate to meet the U.S. national military strategy; McKinley (No. 55) that requires the Secretary of Defense to establish an electronic tour calculator so that reservists could keep track of aggregated active duty tours of 90 days or more served within a fiscal year; Crowley (No. 56) that Honors those from diverse backgrounds who have made sacrifices as members of the Armed Serv-ices; Takano (No. 57) that includes in the report to Congress on the direct employment pilot program for members of the National Guard and Reserve (Sec. 567) a comparison of the pilot program to other DOD and VA unemployment and under-employment programs; Israel (No. 59) that requires a report on civilian and military education require-ments that are necessary to meet anticipated threats in the future security environment as described in the Quadrennial Defense Review; Keating (No. 63) that expresses the Sense of Congress in support of fully implementing a service-wide expansion of the Army’s Gold Star Installation Access Card; provides entry to military installations for events and memo-rials for the survivors of members of the Armed Forces who have died while serving on certain active or reserve duty; Meng (No. 64) that requires a VA Regional Office (VARO) to carry out certain steps if it does not adjudicate claims within 125 days with a 98% accuracy; requires the Under Secretary for Benefits to explain how the failure of the regional office to meet the goal affected the performance eval-uation of the director of the regional office; and Adams (No. 66) that recognizes the complexities of post-traumatic stress disorder among service mem-bers, its effect on children, and the need for current health programs to not only reduce a veteran’s symp-toms but to also allow them to reconnect with their 
families;
                                                                  Pages H3187–91 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 52 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that requires outreach for small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities before conversion of certain functions to contractor performance;
                            Pages H3194–95 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Hurd (No. 58) that amends Title 10, U.S. Code on the payment of expenses to obtain profes-sional credentials to authorize DOD and DHS to pay for both the training and exams needed to obtain IT and cybersecurity credentials for all personnel identi-fied as critical to network defense; Stivers (No. 60) that restores the commission to Captain of Medal of Honor recipient Milton Holland; Moore (No. 61) that expresses the Sense of the Congress regarding the Posthumous promotion granted to Master Ser-geant (retired) Naomi Horwitz; Austin Scott (GA) (No. 65) that ensures that the network of preferred retail pharmacies for TRICARE established under Sec. 714 allows for sufficient small business partici-pation; Grayson (No. 67) that makes permanent the requirement that DOD, for dependents of members of the military stationed in remote locations outside the United States, provide transportation to persons requiring ‘‘obstetrical anesthesia services for child-birth that is equivalent to the obstetrical anesthesia services for childbirth available in a military treat-ment facility.’’; Austin Scott (GA) (No. 68) that en-sures that sustainment needs are sufficiently consid-ered by clarifying that Sec. 804 of the bill regarding the process for commercial item determinations does not conflict with existing Title 10 requirements for core logistics capabilities; Cole (No. 69) that ensures that sustainment requirements are considered and that the Centers of Industrial and Technical Excel-lence (CITES) are consulted, when DOD conducts a DOD Board Study related to the intellectual prop-erty rights of private sector firms; Foxx (No. 70) that amends the report required by Sec. 835 to in-clude information on DoD practices regarding intel-lectual rights to facilitate competition in sustainment of weapons systems throughout their life-cycles; Bost (No. 71) that amends the Small Business Act to codify an independent Office of Hearings and Appeals; Hanna (No. 72) that requires training of contracting officers, and provides a defi-nition of reverse auction; Jackson Lee (No. 75) that ensures that changes made to DOD computing sys-tems using software bought and modified for agency use will not result in disruption of DOD operations; Connolly (No. 79) that ensures the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation clarifies that acquisition personnel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D544 May 14, 2015 
are permitted and encouraged to engage in respon-
sible and constructive communication with industry; Connolly (No. 80) that requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, to develop a plan to improve the management of information technology programs and projects; Farr (No. 81) that requires DAU to annually con-vene a board of faculty representatives from relevant professional schools and DOD degree granting insti-tutions to review and synchronize defense acquisition curricula across all of DOD; and Farr (No. 82) that strengthens academic research and analysis of the de-fense acquisition decision support system from both a business, public policy, operation, and information sciences perspective;
                                         Pages H3195–99 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 5 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Thompson (PA) (No. 62) that provides an individual with a mental health screening at enlist-ment and uses the results as a baseline for any subse-quent mental health examinations; prohibits the Sec-retary from considering the results of such screening in determining promotions and is respective of pri-vacy information in the same manner as medical records; Russell (No. 73) that adds an additional ex-ception from requirement to buy certain articles from American sources for use in the production of fire hoses; McGovern (No. 74) that maintains the simplified acquisition threshold at current level of $150,000 applying to certain textile and clothing purchases by the Defense Department; Walker (No. 77) that requires the Secretary of Defense to assess the Open Trusted Technology Provider Standard for information technology and cyber security acquisi-tions and provide a briefing to Armed Service House of Representatives no later than one year of the en-actment of this Act; Young (AK) (No. 78) that re-peals section 811 of the FY2010 NDAA and re-moves the exemption in 10 USC 2304(e)(4) and 41 USC 3304(f)(2)(D)(ii) for contracts exceeding $20,000,000 which are awarded pursuant to Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act. This will require that contracting agencies comply with the standard jus-tification and approval process prior to sole sourcing these contracts; Palazzo (No. 84) that pushes back the authorized period for the transfer of certain AH–64 Apache Helicopters from Army National Guard to Regular Army from March 31, 2016 to June 30, 2016; Ellmers (No. 85) that prohibits funds from being used to deactivate the 440th Air-lift Wing until the Secretary of Defense certifies that this movement will have no impact on Airborne and Special Operations units readiness; Katko (No. 86) that requires a report from the Secretary of the Air Force to the congressional defense committees ad-dressing the immediate and critical training and 
operational needs of the remotely piloted aircraft community; Thornberry (No. 87) that excludes the application of Section 10 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act to meetings of the National Com-mission on the Future of the Army with less than five members present as a lessons learned from pre-vious commission reports; Heck (NV) (No. 88) that requires a report after the Military Lending Act rule-making on compliance mechanisms for identifying covered borrowers and requires the Defense Man-power Data Center (DMDC) to report to Congress on systems reliability and plans to strengthen capa-bilities, and consult with private-sector users of DMDC to address issues of common concern; Crawford (No. 89) that makes it clear that EOD in-cident response in support of civil authorities is au-thorized, and does not require reimbursement by civil authorities for EOD to pick up military ord-nance that has escaped government control; DeFazio (No. 92) that expresses the Sense of Congress calling for a technical correction to Section 3095, Fiscal Year 2015 National Defense Authorization regarding refinancing of Pacific Coast groundfish fishing capac-ity reduction loan; Lynch (No. 93) that calls for the observation of two minutes of silence on Veterans Day in honor of the service and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the United States; Con-nolly (No. 95) that authorizes up to 5% of humani-tarian assistance program funds to be used for moni-toring and evaluation of said programs; requires a Congressional briefing 90 days after enactment de-scribing how the Department evaluates program and project outcomes and impact, including cost effec-tiveness and whether the programs met their goals; Cicilline (No. 97) that requires the Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense to submit a report within 180 days describing efforts to engage United States manufacturers in procurement opportunities related to equipping the ANSF; Sinema (No. 98) that di-rects the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State to pursue efforts to shut down ISIL’s illicit oil revenues and to report on resources need to counter ISIL’s oil revenues; Blumenauer (No. 100) that ensures that our Afghan allies are not made ineligible for the Special Immigrant Visa pro-gram as a result of the change in mission name from ISAF to Resolute Support, and other technical change; and
                                                    Pages H3199–H3206 
Burgess amendment (No. 83 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that requires a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law.
                   Pages H3205–06 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D545 May 14, 2015 
Rejected: 
Polis amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that sought to reduce from 11 to 10 the statutory requirement for the number of operational carriers that the U.S. Navy must have (by a recorded vote of 60 ayes to 363 noes, Roll No. 228); and 
                                                                                    Pages H3177–78 
Smith (WA) amendment (No. 16 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that sought to provide a framework for closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by December 31, 2017 (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 229 noes, Roll No. 231). 
                                                                                    Pages H3179–80 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Rohrabacher amendment (No. 23 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that seeks to acknowledge Dr. Afridi’s instrumental role in identifying the hiding place of Osama bin Laden and further state that it is the Sense of Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an international hero and that the Government of Paki-stan should release him immediately from prison; 
                                                                                    Pages H3181–82 
Lamborn amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that seeks to limit funding for imple-menting the New START treaty;
             Pages H3182–84 
Blumenauer amendment (No. 32 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that seeks to require funding for the Navy’s new Ohio-class replacement submarines to come from their traditional Navy accounts, instead of the Sea-Based Deterrent Fund; transfer funds from the Sea-Based Deterrent Fund back into their his-toric Navy budget lines;
                                Pages H3184–87 
Lucas amendment (No. 38 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that seeks to reverse and prohibit the fur-ther listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken as a threat-ened or endangered species until 2021, thereby al-lowing the states to implement their voluntary Range-Wide Conservation Plan for the Lesser Prairie Chicken’s habitat; delists the American Burying Bee-tle as a threatened or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act; and
                       Pages H3191–92 
Nadler amendment (No. 41 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that seeks to strike section 3121, which places limits on funding for dismantlement of nu-clear weapons.
                                                      Pages H3192–94 
H. Res. 260, the rule providing for further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 225.
                                                                Pages H2989–97 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:28 p.m. and recon-
vened at 9:35 p.m.                                                    Page H3206 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H2972, H2999, H3181. Senate Referrals: S. Con. Res. 10 and S. 1356 
were held at the desk.
                             Pages H2972, H3181 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and five recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H2997, H2998, H2998–2999, H3177–78, 3178–79, 3179, 3179–80, and 3180–81. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a 
markup on a bill to reauthorize the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission. The bill to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was ordered reported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a markup on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2016. The Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill, FY 2016 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
EXAMINING THE FEDERAL 
GOVERNMENT’S MISMANAGEMENT OF NATIVE AMERICAN SCHOOLS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Fed-eral Government’s Mismanagement of Native Amer-ican Schools’’. Testimony was heard from Charles M. Roessel, Director, Bureau of Indian Education, De-partment of Interior; and William Mendoza, Execu-tive Director, White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native Education, Department of Education. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a markup on the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’; and H.R. 1321, the ‘‘Microbead-Free Waters Act of 2015’’. The ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’ was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. H.R. 1321 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a markup on the ‘‘TSCA Modernization Act of 2015’’. The ‘‘TSCA 
Modernization Act of 2015’’ was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D546 May 14, 2015 
PROTECTING CONSUMERS: FINANCIAL 
DATA SECURITY IN THE AGE OF COMPUTER HACKERS 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Consumers: Financial Data Security in the Age of Computer Hackers’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
TILA–RESPA INTEGRATED DISCLOSURE: 
EXAMINING THE COSTS AND BENEFITS OF CHANGES TO THE REAL ESTATE SETTLEMENT PROCESS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘TILA–RESPA Integrated Disclosure: Examining the Costs and Benefits of Changes to the Real Estate Settlement Process’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. 
ADVANCING U.S. ECONOMIC INTERESTS IN 
ASIA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Economic Interests in Asia’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel R. Russel, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Department of State; and Charles H. Rivkin, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs, Department of State. 
ENERGY REVOLUTION IN THE WESTERN 
HEMISPHERE: OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES FOR THE U.S. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘En-ergy Revolution in the Western Hemisphere: Oppor-tunities and Challenges for the U.S.’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES; A PATHWAY 
TO FREEDOM: RESCUE AND REFUGE FOR SEX TRAFFICKING VICTIMS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a markup on H.R. 2140, to promote freedom, human rights, and the rule of law as part of United States-Vietnam relations; and H. Res. 213, condemning the April 2015 terrorist attack at the Garissa University College in Garissa, Kenya, and reaffirming the United States support for the people and Government of Kenya, and for other purposes; and a hearing entitled ‘‘A Pathway to Free-dom: Rescue and Refuge for Sex Trafficking Vic-tims’’. H.R. 2140 and H. Res. 213 were both for-warded to the full committee, without amendment. Testimony was heard from Sean Reyes, Attorney General, State of Utah; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a markup on H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Re-sponder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2206, the ‘‘State Wide Interoper-able Communications Enhancement Act’’. H.R. 1300 and H.R. 2200 were reported to the full com-mittee, as amended. H.R. 2206 was reported to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduc-tion Act (LARA) of 2015’’; H.R. 526, the ‘‘Fur-thering Asbestos Claim Transparency (FACT) Act of 2015’’; and H. Con. Res. 13, expressing the sense of Congress that the radical Islamic movement in Af-ghanistan known as the Taliban should be recog-nized officially as a foreign terrorist organization by the United States Government. The following legis-lation was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 758, H.R. 526, and H. Con. Res. 13. 
LITIGATION AND INCREASED PLANNING’S 
IMPACT ON OUR NATION’S OVERGROWN, FIRE-PRONE NATIONAL FORESTS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Litigation and Increased Planning’s Impact on Our Nation’s Over-grown, Fire-Prone National Forests’’. Testimony was heard from Randy Hanvelt, Supervisor, District 2, Tuolumne County, California; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 1644, the ‘‘Supporting Transparent Regulatory and Environmental Actions in Mining Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
INADEQUATE STANDARDS FOR TRUST 
LAND ACQUISITION IN THE INDIAN REORGANIZATION ACT OF 1934 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-
dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Inadequate Standards for Trust Land Acquisition in the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934’’. Testimony was heard from Kevin Washburn, Assistant Secretary of Interior, Indian Affairs, De-partment of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D547 May 14, 2015 
U.S. SECRET SERVICE: ACCOUNTABILITY 
FOR MARCH 4, 2015 MISCONDUCT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Secret Serv-ice: Accountability for March 4, 2015 Misconduct’’. Testimony was heard from John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security. 
COAST GUARD MAJOR ACQUISITIONS 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Major Acquisitions’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Ad-miral Baffer, Assistant Commandant for Acquisi-tions, Coast Guard; Michele Mackin, Director, Ac-quisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE IN VA’S 
PURCHASE CARD PROGRAM 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in VA’s Purchase Card Program’’. Testimony was heard from Edward J. Murray, Acting Assistant Secretary for Management 
and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Office of Man-agement, Department of Veterans Affairs; and Linda A. Halliday, Assistant Inspector General for Audits and Evaluations, Office of Inspector General, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a mark-up on H.R. 675, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost- of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 677, the ‘‘American Heroes COLA Act of 2015’’; H.R. 732, the ‘‘Veterans Access to Speedy Review Act’’; H.R. 1067, the ‘‘U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims Reform Act’’; H.R. 1331, the ‘‘Quicker Vet-erans Benefits Delivery Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1414, the ‘‘Pay As You Rate Act’’; H.R. 1569, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify that the es-tate of a deceased veteran may receive certain accrued benefits upon the death of the veteran, and for other purposes; and H.R. 1607, the ‘‘Ruth Moore Act of 2015’’. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 1067, H.R. 1414, H.R. 732, and H.R. 1607. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, without amend-ment: H.R. 675, H.R. 677, H.R. 1331, and H.R. 1569. Joint Meetings 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Joint Committee on the Library: Committee announced 
designation of Chairman and Vice Chairman, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 114th Con-gress. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Joint Committee on Printing: Committee announced 
designation of Chairman and Vice Chairman, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 114th Con-gress. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MAY 15, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on En-
vironment and the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Current State of Nuclear Waste Management Policy’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Improving Com-mission Transparency Part II’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Subcommittee on Regulatory 
Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Antitrust Enforcement Agencies’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Subcommittee on Health, 
markup on H.R. 271, the ‘‘COVER Act’’; H.R. 627, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the defini-tion of homeless veteran for purposes of benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘Toxic Ex-posure Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2256, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; and H.R. 2257, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the reproductive treatment provided to certain disabled veterans; hearing entitled ‘‘Overcoming Barriers to More Efficient and Ef-fective VA Staffing’’, 9:45 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD548 May 14, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, May 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 3 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Brown Amend-ment No. 1242 (to Amendment No. 1221) to the bill and Hatch (for Lankford) Amendment No. 1237 (to Amendment No. 1221) to the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, May 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
1735—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Allen, Rick W., Ga., E713 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E706 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E703, E712 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E708 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E701 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E704 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E701 Farr, Sam, Calif., E707 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E704 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E711 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E709 Graham, Gwen, Fla., E703, E713 Graves, Sam, Mo., E714 
Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E713 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E710 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E712, E714 Kato, John, N.Y., E702, E707 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E707 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E711, E712 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E705 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E704, E706 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E704 Moolenaar, John R., Mich., E708, E714 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E706 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E705 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E705, E713 Plaskett, Stacey E., Virgin Islands, E711 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E703, E711 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E710 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E706 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E715 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E701 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E701 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E708 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E703, E705, E707, E712, 
E714 
Thompson, Mike, Calif., E704, E708, E711, E713 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E714 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E701 Walden, Greg, Ore., E710 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:53 May 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14MY5.REC D14MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST