Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1503 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 2, 2015 No. 35 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 2, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable T OM 
EMMER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
DHS FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, there is a 
letter from me sitting on your desk today asking you to pass a clean fund-ing bill for the Department of Home-land Security. All Democrats in the House have introduced and cosponsored a clean bill, and the Republican-con-trolled Senate has passed one as well. 
Mr. Speaker, clause 2 of House rule 
XXI prohibits inclusion of language ‘‘changing existing law,’’ commonly re-ferred to as the prohibition on legis-lating on appropriations bills; yet that 
is why the House comes in today facing another deadline that puts our na-tional security and DHS workforce at risk—because we are trying to legislate through appropriations. 
I am completely in favor of the delib-
erative process by which this body is supposed to conduct itself, and, while I support the President’s executive ac-tion on immigration reform, I would also support a robust debate on it in this House. 
However, you know as well as I do 
that forcing this debate through hold-ing hostage the funding of a critical component of our Nation’s security is not the proper way to go about having this debate. 
At the beginning of the 114th Con-
gress, you wrote an op-ed with Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL en-
titled ‘‘Now We Can Get Congress Going.’’ That is what I wrote to you and urged you to do today, Mr. Speak-er. 
Let’s pass a clean DHS funding bill 
and get going with the tough legisla-tive choices that we have to make this year. 
f 
FORT DRUM SEQUESTRATION AND 
CENTCOM CODEL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor the 10th Mountain Division, their service to Fort Drum, the 21st District of New York, our North Country community, and our Nation. 
For 30 years, the brave men and 
women of the 10th Mountain Division have stood in harm’s way to protect and defend our country. Since Sep-tember 11, 2001, the 10th Mountain Di-vision has been the most actively de-ployed division to Iraq and Afghani-stan. Too many of our soldiers have 
made the ultimate sacrifice and lost their lives in service. 
As leaders in Congress, we have an 
obligation to protect and serve our constituents and members of our Armed Forces. We cannot repay the debt we owe these servicemembers and their families, but we can work to honor their legacy and recognize what they have done for us. 
We must protect the promises we 
have made to these brave individuals 
and strengthen our Nation’s commit-ment to helping them as they return from combat. In Congress, I will do ev-erything I can to protect the interests of Fort Drum and to ensure the 10th Mountain Division has the necessary resources they need to do their work. 
It is critical for Fort Drum and the 
entire 21st Congressional District to have a voice at the table to fight on be-half of our military families and vet-erans. 
To that end, I am honored to serve on 
the House Armed Services Committee as the vice chair for the Subcommittee on Readiness and as a member of the Military Personnel Subcommittee and Intelligence, Emerging Threats, and Capabilities Subcommittee. 
As a member of these subcommittees, 
I will work to ensure the Defense De-partment, our troops, and Fort Drum have the necessary tools they require to defend our Nation from those that wish to do us harm. 
However, we continue to see threats 
to our national security increase, and reductions to our military remain due to the Budget Control Act and seques-tration. These substantial budget cuts will have significant negative impacts to Fort Drum and the U.S. military. 
Under sequestration, the Pentagon’s 
proposal states that Fort Drum could lose up to 16,000 soldiers and civilian jobs. This loss of jobs will have severe and devastating effects to the installa-tion, the North Country community, New York, and the entire Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR7.000 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1504 March 2, 2015 
General Dempsey and our military 
leaders have declared time and time again that sequestration reduces our Armed Forces’ readiness and their ca-pabilities, and it unnecessarily puts our men and women in uniform at in-creased risk. 
Here, we expect our servicemen and 
-women to protect our Nation; how-ever, the imposed budget cuts due to sequestration inhibit their readiness and threaten our national security. It is our duty to ensure our Nation is pro-tected and, in doing so, maintain the operational readiness of our military. 
I pledge to work to preserve and 
strengthen our Nation’s Armed Forces and follow in the footsteps of Rep-resentative John McHugh by advo-cating for our troops and veterans sta-tioned in the 21st Congressional Dis-trict of New York and in our sur-rounding communities. 
Two weeks ago, I had the honor to at-
tend a small congressional delegation visit to Jordan, the United Arab Emir-ates, Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan. On this trip, I was privileged to meet with soldiers who are based out of Fort Drum, as well as many others who have trained there. 
What an opportunity it was to visit 
with the troops from the Resolute Sup-port headquarters forces, USFOR–A soldiers, and counterterrorism oper-ations forces. I thanked them for their service and discussed ways we can pro-tect and strengthen Fort Drum for our district. 
This trip was truly essential in order 
for me to gain a personal perspective of the circumstances under which so many of our brave soldiers from Fort Drum have served abroad. 
Additionally, I was able to meet with 
many important foreign dignitaries, in-cluding King Abdullah of Jordan, Af-ghan President Ashraf Ghani, and Iraqi President Fuad Masum, to discuss issues of concern to the region. These nations and their leaders play a key role in the effort among Arab nations to combat ISIS and other terrorist or-ganizations. 
The discussions and meetings with 
these dignitaries were informative and useful. I believe that continued open dialogue and conversation with these leaders will be incredibly beneficial to maintain and establish our Nation’s perspective on defense policy. 
This trip gave me a chance to hear 
from our servicemen and -women on the ground and other national leaders about real solutions related to stabi-lizing the region, continued threats to our own national security, the readi-ness of our Armed Forces, and the tools they need to keep our country safe. 
Serving the Fort Drum community 
in Congress and as a member of the House Armed Services Committee is an incredible honor. I am beyond thankful to our men and women in uniform and grateful to their families for their serv-ice to our community. 
Thank you to you and your loved 
ones for keeping our Nation safe. CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTH-
DAY OF MRS. ALLIEFAIR ROG-ERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the milestone in the life of Mrs. Alliefair Rogers who, this week, is celebrating her 100th birthday. Mrs. Rogers is also, inciden-tally, a second-generation centurion, as her mother, Ida Jane, also lived to the age of 103. 
Throughout her life in the past cen-
tury, Mrs. Rogers has witnessed some of the most significant moments that have shaped our Nation. Born during the onset of World War I, Mrs. Rogers was only 2 years old when America en-tered the Great War, sending our doughboys across the Atlantic. 
By the time she was 5 years old, the 
first radio stations were going on the air in America, prohibition was en-acted, and women for the first time had the right to vote. By her 12th birthday, Charles Lindbergh had flown across the Atlantic Ocean, and the first motion picture with sound was played in thea-ters. At the age of 14, she witnessed the beginning of the Great Depression. 
Just months before turning 25, Mrs. 
Rogers learned of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and, over the next 5 years, said goodbye to family members and friends as they left Walhalla, South Carolina, to fight against the Axis Powers. 
Before her 31st birthday, she had wit-
nessed the D-day invasion, the Battle of the Bulge, the Battle of Iwo Jima, the bombing of Hiroshima and Naga-saki, and the surrender of both Ger-many and Japan. By the age of 33, she witnessed the rebirth of Israel as a na-tion; and, at 40, America sent troops overseas to fight in Korea. 
By her 50th birthday, she had lived 
through the building of the Berlin Wall, America’s first satellite in space, the deployment of forces to Vietnam, the Cuban missile crisis, and the assas-sination of President John F. Kennedy. 
By 60 years old, Mrs. Rogers wit-
nessed the end of the Vietnam war, the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the first human to step foot on the moon. 
Within the next 15 years, by the age 
of 75, Mrs. Rogers experienced the first resignation of a United States Presi-dent, the invention of the personal computer, the first woman Supreme Court Justice, the end of the cold war, and the beginning of the space shuttle program. 
In her lifetime, Mrs. Rogers has wit-
nessed the administration of 17 United States Presidents and a significant por-tion of this Nation’s history. 
Today, I join with the many friends 
and family who are celebrating the vir-tuous and faith-led life of my aunt Mrs. Alliefair Rogers and wish her a very happy 100th birthday. ONGOING IRAN NUCLEAR TALKS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my serious concerns about the ongoing Iran nuclear talks. Iran is no friend to the United States or our allies. Iran remains the foremost state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
Iran has continued to develop inter-
continental ballistic missile tech-nology. The only legitimate purpose of such technology is to deliver a nuclear payload. 
Don’t just take my word for it. Lieu-
tenant General Vincent Stewart, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, recently wrote in his state-ment for the record to the House Armed Services Committee: 
The Islamic Republic of Iran continues to 
threaten U.S. strategic interests in the Mid-dle East. Iran’s actions and policies are de-signed to further its goal of becoming the dominant regional power, as well as to en-hance its strategic depth. Tehran views the United States as its most capable adversary and has fashioned its military strategy and doctrine accordingly. 
In terms of nuclear capabilities, Gen-
eral Stewart goes on to say: 
We continue to assess that Iran’s goal is to 
develop capabilities that would allow it to build missile-deliverable nuclear weapons, should a decision be made to do so. The re-gime faces no insurmountable technical bar-riers to producing a nuclear weapon, making Iran’s political will the central issue. 
One Arab official recently told The 
Wall Street Journal: ‘‘We prefer a col-lapse of the diplomatic process to a bad deal.’’ 
Since they started in 2009, the nego-
tiations with Iran have been marked by missed deadline after missed deadline. It seems like each time details of the deal are leaked to the press, the United States is giving up more, whether it is the number of centrifuges or the length of the deal. 
b1215 
Just last week, Secretary of State 
John Kerry came before the House For-eign Affairs Committee and pleaded for more time and understanding as the State Department continues to hold talks about Iran’s nuclear program. He asked it to sit silently while the details are negotiated in secret. He urged us to just trust him and his team. 
Mr. Speaker, it is becoming increas-
ingly hard to trust an administration that continually fails at these kinds of negotiations. Look at the Bergdahl deal when he gave away five high-level al Qaeda officials. Look at the recent talks with Cuba in which the United States received very little while we re-
leased Cuban spies and pledged open trade relations. And we can’t forget about President Obama telling Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that he will have ‘‘more flexibility’’ to deal with nuclear issues after the 2012 Presi-dential elections—flexibility to deal with Vladimir Putin. Far too often they give away the bank, and we get very little in return. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.002 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1505 March 2, 2015 
Tomorrow, Israeli Prime Minister 
Benjamin Netanyahu will come to this Chamber to share his perspective on the threats posed by a nuclear Iran. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have complained that the speech is somehow out of line or for political purposes only. They have pledged to boycott the event, and the Vice President has refused to attend. 
Mr. Speaker, I remain greatly dis-
turbed by the way the Obama adminis-tration has treated Israel, our greatest and most important ally in the Middle East. I suspect the real reason the Obama administration is so opposed to Prime Minister Netanyahu’s speech is because they are afraid of what he is going to say. They know he will speak the truth and that his statements will stand in direct contrast to what is being said by Secretary of State Kerry. Prime Minister Netanyahu won’t hide the real issues. These nuclear talks threaten not only Israel, but also the Middle East and the entire world. 
Last summer, I traveled to the Mid-
dle East with the Armed Services Com-mittee. During that trip, we met with Prime Minister Netanyahu, and he really impressed me. He has a clear vi-sion and message about his country’s defensive needs, and he is very deter-mined to meet those needs. 
Mr. Speaker, Israel is our strongest 
and most consistent ally in the Middle East. We should listen to what they have to say. 
f 
THE REPUBLIC OF TEXAS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, today 
is March 2, 2015. March 2, 1836, marked the beginning of what would become the Republic of Texas. Today on that day, 59 men signed the Declaration of Independence from Mexico and created the Republic of Texas. The events of January through April of 1836 are rel-atively significant, and I will walk through some of this history. 
I stand here today to honor the in-
credible events of those days and the 179 years of Texas experience that I am proud to be a part of. It is a great honor to be able to have been born in Texas and to claim a part of that in-credible legacy. 
One of the signature events of the 
Texas revolution with Mexico, of course, was the battle of the Alamo, which began on February 23, 1836, where Colonel William Barret Travis began to gather men at the Alamo. 
Mr. Speaker, I include for the 
R
ECORD a transcription of his letter 
written to the people of Texas and all Americans on February 24. 
TO THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS & ALLAMERICANS  
IN THE WORLD : Fellow citizens & com-
patriots—I am besieged, by a thousand or more of the Mexicans under Santa Anna—I have sustained a continual Bombardment & cannonade for 24 hours & have not lost a man. The enemy has demanded a surrender at discretion, otherwise, the garrison are to 
be put to the sword, if the fort is taken—I have answered the demand with a cannon shot, & our flag still waves proudly from the walls. I shall never surrender or retreat. Then, I call on you in the name of Liberty, of patriotism & everything dear to the Amer-ican character, to come to our aid, with all dispatch—The enemy is receiving reinforce-ments daily & will no doubt increase to three or four thousand in four or five days. If this call is neglected, I am determined to sustain myself as long as possible & die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor & that of his country—Victory or Death. 
W
ILLIAM BARRET TRAVIS , 
Lt. Col. comdt. 
P.S. The Lord is on our side—When the 
enemy appeared in sight we had not three bushels of corn—We have since found in de-serted houses 80 or 90 bushels & got into the walls 20 or 30 head of Beeves. 
Travis. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Travis and his other 
fellows stood watch at the Alamo from February 23 until March 6. As they were fighting and looking at their ulti-mate death, the Declaration of Inde-pendence was signed on March 2. Four days later, Santa Anna, with the Mexi-can Army, overran the Alamo and killed every single one of the defenders there. 
There are other events, such as the 
massacre at Goliad in which Santa Anna ordered the murder and execu-tion of 400-plus Texans who had been a part of that fight. It was cold-blooded, it was ruthless, and it was unnecessary, but Santa Anna chose to take those 
steps specifically on his order on more than one occasion. And then, culmi-nating on the 21st of April, the Battle of San Jacinto took place, in which Santa Anna and his entire army were surrounded by Texans in a decisive vic-tory in which very few Texans lost their lives. Santa Anna was defeated, and the Texas experience—our inde-pendence—was secured with that bat-tle. 
Mr. Speaker, I honor today the men 
and women who stood that ground, that hallowed ground, at the Alamo, at Goliad, San Jacinto, and other battles across Texas. They were stouthearted; they were resolute; they were self-suffi-cient; they were independent; they loved freedom; they loved independ-ence; and as a result of that, they cre-ated Texas, an experience that has now gone on for some 179 years. There were almost 9 of these years in which Texas was the Republic of Texas, becoming a part of the United States in 1846 under that proud Lone Star Flag that we still fly today. 
My purpose here this afternoon, Mr. 
Speaker, is to call attention to the Declaration of Independence, and, more importantly, call attention to the faith that the men and women had in free-dom and liberty and were willing to put their lives on the line. Many of those lives were lost in the fight for freedom and to create Texas. I am proud to call myself a Texan. 
I ask God to continue to bless Texas, 
and I ask God to continue to bless the United States of America. RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 20 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Dear Lord, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
At the beginning of a new workweek, 
we use this moment to be reminded of Your presence, and to tap the resources needed by the Members of this people’s House to do their work as well as it can be done. 
May they be led by Your spirit in the 
decisions they make. May they possess Your power as they steady themselves amid the pressures of persistent prob-lems. 
May their faith in You deliver them 
from tensions that tear the House apart, and from worries that might wear them out. 
All this day, and through the week, 
may they do their best to find solu-tions to pressing issues facing our Na-tion. Please hasten the day when jus-tice and love shall dwell in the hearts of all peoples, and rule the affairs of the nations of Earth. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE 
CASS BALLENGER 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.004 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1506 March 2, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on February 
18, the State of North Carolina lost one of its most generous and devoted public servants when former Congressman Cass Ballenger passed away at the age of 88. 
Cass served 38 years in public office 
and was a beloved colleague to many who serve in this Chamber for 18 of those years. He never lost an election, which tells you plenty about the hon-esty and tenacity with which he lived his life. 
In addition to his reputation as a 
straight-talking legislator who re-formed the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, he was known for his extensive humanitarian efforts in Latin America, where he helped build medical clinics, supported or-phanages, and delivered medical and relief supplies with his wife, Donna. 
Although I never had the opportunity 
to serve with Cass in Congress, I con-sidered it a great privilege to know this remarkable man and always looked forward to seeing him when our paths crossed in North Carolina. Cass was a man of integrity who said ex-actly what he thought and fought for what he believed was right. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well this 
week in Congress it is deja vu all over again. 
Last week, instead of bringing up a 
clean, long-term funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security, the House again kicked the can down the road. We know that we need to keep open and keep funding the operations of the Department, and we certainly can’t make this yet another manufac-tured political crisis this week. 
We know, and everybody in this Hall 
knows, that there is support in the House, bipartisan support, for a clean Homeland Security bill. I don’t know precisely what the numbers are, but more and more we hear from our friends on the Republican side that they would like to see a vote to fully fund DHS for the remainder of the year, and then take up in regular order the process of determining what immi-gration policy ought to look like in this country. 
We have big problems in this Nation. 
We have big challenges across the globe. We need to focus our attention on getting an economy that works for everyone and not continue to fight bat-tles over manufactured political crises intended to pander to the smallest minds in this body. That is not the way the American people want us to work. 
We need to get back to the business of the American people. 
f 
NATIONAL FFA WEEK 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, last 
week we celebrated National FFA Week and the national FFA organiza-tion’s more than 80 years of commit-ment to providing students with a path to leadership and career success through agricultural education. This year’s theme, ‘‘Go All Out,’’ asks more than 600,000 students from over 7,600 local FFA chapters to ‘‘go all out for agriculture’’ and show their commu-nities how they live the FFA motto: Learning to Do, Doing to Learn, Earn-ing to Live, Living to Serve. 
As a former FFA member, I have al-
ways been impressed with how well FFA helps hone certain skills and pre-pare students for the future. I find that FFA not only helps to advance their knowledge of agriculture and develop community relationships, but you can always tell an FFA student by how ar-ticulate and well-spoken they are. 
My own experience in FFA not only 
helped shape my career as a farmer but also prepared me to represent the Fourth District of Washington State. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-
gratulating the FFA on 80 years of commitment to agriculture and edu-cation. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. VARGAS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on behalf of the millions of Americans who are concerned about the state of our national security. In today’s world, we face many threats from foreign enemies who intend to do us harm. Americans expect that Con-gress will fulfill its duty to act in the best interests of those we serve. The question of whether or not to fund the Department of Homeland Security should never even be up for debate. I respect the difference of opinions some of my colleagues hold with respect to the President’s recent executive action on immigration. But taking hostage a funding bill that is intended to keep American families safe in order to get what you want is reckless, and it is not the way this body was intended to function. 
Let’s pass a clean DHS funding bill, 
and then let’s have a serious debate on immigration. We need to find a com-prehensive solution to our immigration challenges, and the only way to do that is by working together to pass a bipar-tisan bill. Let’s utilize this Chamber to debate and pass meaningful legislation, and let’s start right now by approving the Department of Homeland Security funding for the remainder of the fiscal year. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KENNETH 
LEHR 
(Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a man who was dedicated to pro-tecting and serving the public. Kenneth Lehr, the fire chief for the village of Medora in Macoupin County, Illinois, died in the line of duty earlier this month. 
Chief Lehr was entering his 21st year 
as a member of the Medora Fire De-partment and had served as fire chief since 2006. 
While preparing to respond to a 911 
call on February 5, Chief Lehr was struck by a firetruck that was heading to the scene. This tragic event reminds us all to never forget the selflessness and sacrifices our first responders make on our behalf, especially when many give their lives for our safety. 
Earlier this month, more than 500 
first responders, family, and friends packed the gymnasium at South-western High School in Piasa, Illinois, to pay their respects to Chief Lehr. Some firefighters traveled more than 2 hours to honor Chief Lehr. 
Friends and coworkers of Chief Lehr 
noted his unwavering willingness to help others, both as fire chief and as a member of the Medora community. Chief Lehr is survived by his wife, one son, and three grandsons. My thoughts and this House’s thoughts and prayers are with his family, friends, and the Medora community as they continue to mourn. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Friday, February 27, 2015: 
H.R. 33, to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1702 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 5 o’clock and 2 
minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.006 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1507 March 2, 2015 
on which a recorded vote or the yeas 
and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
AUTHORIZING SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS TO RECOUP BONUSES AND AWARDS 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 280) to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bo-nuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 280 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORITY TO RECOUP BONUSES OR 
AWARDS PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 715. Recoupment of bonuses or awards paid 
to employees of Department 
‘‘(a) R
ECOUPMENT .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary may issue an order directing an employee of the Depart-ment to repay the amount, or a portion of the amount, of any award or bonus paid to the em-ployee under title 5, including under chapters 45 or 53 of such title, or this title if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary determines such repayment 
appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(2) before such repayment, the employee is 
afforded notice and an opportunity for a hear-ing conducted by another department or agency of the Federal Government. 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW .—A decision regarding a repay-
ment by an employee pursuant to subsection (a)(2) is final and may not be reviewed by any department or agency or any court. 
‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe regulations to carry out this section.’’. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘715. Recoupment of bonuses or awards paid to 
employees of Department.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 715 of title 38, 
United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to an award or bonus paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the 
amendments made by this Act may be construed to modify the certification issued by the Office of Personnel Management and the Office of Management and Budget regarding the perform-ance appraisal system of the Senior Executive Service of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 280, as amended, is 
similar to a bill that I introduced last Congress. I would like to thank my 
friend Mr. C HAFFETZ for helping us 
bring this bill to the floor today. It would authorize and provide for the Secretary to have the authority to re-scind a bonus or a performance award from VA employees when the Secretary deems it appropriate. To ensure a fair process, the provision would also give the employee an opportunity to hold a hearing on the Secretary’s decision to recoup that bonus. 
Now, I proposed this legislation last 
Congress because VA had given the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs con-flicting statements whether or not they had the authority, and later they confirmed that they did not have that authority. So it is clear to me that this is still an authority that the Secretary still needs as more and more investiga-tions, in fact, are being completed by the Department, the VA inspector gen-eral, and the Committee on Veterans’ 
Affairs. 
As these investigations into falsified 
wait times, data manipulation, and several other issues at the VA con-tinue, I hope this authority will be ap-plied appropriately and that it will be utilized as yet another tool for the Sec-retary to use to instill true account-ability throughout his agency on be-half of America’s veterans. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, February 26, 2015. 
Hon. J EFFMILLER , 
Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
Cannon House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 280, to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. As you know, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs received an original re-ferral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on January 12, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform will forego ac-tion on the bill. 
The Committee takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 280 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the ap-pointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference convened on this or related legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-
change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, February 27, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : In reference to 
your letter on February 26, 2015, I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 280, as amended, ‘‘To authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs.’’ 
I appreciate the House Committee on Over-
sight and Government Reform’s waiver of consideration of provisions under its juris-diction and its subject matter as specified in your letter. I acknowledge that the waiver was granted only to expedite floor consider-ation of HR. 280, as amended, and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form’s jurisdictional interests over this leg-islation or similar legislation. I will support a request from the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for ap-pointment to any House-Senate conference on H.R. 280, as amended. 
Again, thank you for your assistance with 
these matters. 
With warm personal regards, I am 
Sincerely, 
J
EFFMILLER , 
Chairman. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
280, as amended. This measure would provide the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs with the authority to issue an order directing an employee of the VA to repay a bonus or a portion of the bonus provided to that employee. H.R. 280 provides the Secretary may do this if the Secretary determines that the repayment is appropriate. This author-ity would apply to an award or a bonus paid by the VA before, on, or after the date of the enactment of H.R. 280. The bill provides that any affected em-ployee be provided with notice and the opportunity for a hearing conducted by another agency or department. 
I support this measure, but I want to 
take this opportunity to address a few concerns for the R
ECORD . 
I believe that the Secretary should 
have a limited authority, beyond ad-ministrative error, to recoup a bonus paid to the VA employee when the un-derlying basis of that bonus is false or the result of wrongdoing, fraud, or criminal conduct by the employee. I hope that the Secretary will use this broad grant of rulemaking authority provided in H.R. 280 to provide narrow and specific grounds for recoupment. 
Secondly, I am concerned about the 
application of this authority to bo-nuses provided before the date of the enactment. I know that Chairman M
IL-
LERand all of us are concerned over bo-
nuses that may have been awarded over the last number of years to VA man-agers who took activities, steps to cover up the delay and wait time faced by our veterans. Even though I am un-happy with their action, I would not like to see the authority provided to the Secretary under the bill to be done away with because of a constitutional challenge to this authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.009 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1508 March 2, 2015 
Finally, I would like to point out 
that if this bill is enacted, the VA will be the only Department that I am aware of where the Secretary will have the power to recoup bonuses. I hope the Secretary and those that follow this Secretary will use this authority with caution. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
280, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the First District of Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ), the subcommittee 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Health. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise in support of H.R. 280, legislation to allow the VA Secretary to claw back bonuses from senior employees who were found to have manipulated vet-erans’ care data. 
Frankly, I can’t believe that this 
wasn’t already the case. No business in America would allow employees to not only stay at work, but to hold on to bo-nuses that they earned by cooking the books. This is exactly what the VA has done. The VA has paid more than $380,000 in 2013 to directors and top ex-ecutives at VA hospitals that were under investigation for falsifying data. 
I am the father of a veteran. I know 
exactly the character of those who choose to serve the cause of freedom. They deserve so much better. Bonuses should be awarded only for exceptional performance. This kind of severe mis-management has to end. I know I speak for all my colleagues when I say it will 
not be tolerated by this Congress. 
Secretary McDonald says he is work-
ing to change the culture of the VA, and I give him credit for that. Too often the VA seems to be focusing on the health of the organization, not the health of the veteran. I agree with him that the VA must return the focus to the veteran. However, I would like to see more meaningful strides toward ac-countability than I have seen thus far. Congress will keep giving him the tools, but it is ultimately up to him to use them. This is a management prob-lem, and it is best solved by good man-agement. 
I thank Chairman M
ILLER for his 
leadership on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it, but even more so, I urge Secretary McDonald to use this authority. You have a willing partner in Congress in the fight to change the culture at the VA. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Florida has yielded back the balance of her time. The gen-tleman from Florida is recognized. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I have two more speakers at this point. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Sixth District of Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ), who chairs the Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. 
Mr. COFFMAN. I thank the chairman 
for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 280 because, like most Ameri-cans, I am appalled at the bonuses awarded to officials within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs despite gross mismanagement and incompetence by those very same officials. 
In my home State of Colorado, a VA 
director conveniently announced her retirement just days after yet another secret waiting list was discovered at her hospital in Denver. Incredibly, she had received over $100,000 in bonuses over the past 7 years. 
I believe bonuses are a reward for ex-
ceptional work and not an entitlement for simply showing up at the job. How-ever, the VA’s broadly abused bonus system has spread a sense of entitle-ment and a complete lack of account-ability. 
This law gives the VA Secretary the 
ability to reclaim bonuses paid to cor-rupt VA officials. On behalf of the American taxpayer, I urge my col-leagues to support this commonsense measure to help combat VA’s broken culture. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Sixth District of Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), a new member of 
the committee, an outstanding sup-porter of America’s veterans. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, bringing more accountability and transparency to our Veterans Af-fairs system is something Members of both parties can and should support. As a member of the Committee on Vet-erans Affairs, I believe this is an area where we can make immediate and sub-stantive reforms that are supported by both parties. 
After months of being in the spot-
light for scandal after scandal, after widespread and systemic lack of ac-countability, we all agree that we need real change in an effort to assist our Nation’s veterans. H.R. 280 is one such piece of legislation that will help bring accountability to a Department where it is severely lacking. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a cospon-
sor of this legislation that will author-ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to em-ployees at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The VA paid more than $380,000 in cash bonuses to top executives at 38 hospitals that are under investigation for falsifying wait times for medical care. 
At every twist and turn, these execu-
tives received a bonus, while so many of our veterans have been faced with long wait periods or failed care at VA 
hospitals around the country. It is dis-graceful that employees would be bene-fiting while so many veterans are struggling. 
It is only right that we would author-
ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup many of these bonuses and awards in an effort to instill more ac-countability at the Department. In fact, it is common sense. If you receive a bonus under false pretenses, you should have to pay it back. I, along with so many other Ameri-
cans, am asking the question, Where is the accountability? H.R. 280 will not only ensure our veterans receive the care they deserve and have earned, but it also promotes transparency and ac-countability where it is greatly needed. 
I want to thank Chairman M
ILLER for 
his leadership and his work on this im-portant issue. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I appreciate my colleague from Florida and her support, and at this point I urge all Members to support H.R. 280, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 280, a bill which au-thorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses paid to VA executives who knowingly falsified data on the treatment of our nation’s veterans. 
Last year, it was discovered that a VA hos-
pital in Phoenix, Arizona falsified waitlist records for veterans to see a doctor in order to make it appear that the facility was meeting waitlist goals. 
This deliberate, and deplorable, action al-
lowed VA executives to receive performance bonuses and awards, while veterans waited up to six months to a year for care, and it was reported that some died as a result. 
To date, the VA has paid more than 
$380,000 in cash bonuses to top executives at 38 hospitals that are under investigation for falsifying wait times for medical care. 
In response to the waitlist scandal, many 
members of Congress on both sides of the aisle have called for the VA to take action to recover bonuses paid to VA officials who fal-sified waitlist records. 
However, the VA has said it is uncertain 
whether it has that authority. 
This bill directs the Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs to require VA employees to repay, in part or in full, bonuses or performance awards in appropriate circumstances under regulations to be established by the department. 
This authority would apply to bonuses or re-
wards paid on or after the date of enactment and would not authorize the VA to recover previously paid bonuses. 
Furthermore, under the bill, VA employees 
would receive notification and be given a hear-ing at which they could contest allegations about their performance. 
The measure requires that an appeal deci-
sion would be final and not reviewable by any other agency or court. 
Our nation supports more than 2 million 
troops and reservists, their families, and 22 million veterans, including 32,477 in the 18th Congressional District of Texas. 
We have a responsibility to ensure that they 
will be provided the quality job opportunities they have earned. 
I cannot, in good conscience, allow VA ex-
ecutives who knowingly falsified data which kept our nation’s veterans from receiving prop-er care, to keep bonuses that they do not de-serve. 
This money should be used to help those 
who have risked their lives to protect our free-dom, not for awarding VA executives who shamefully put these veterans’ health at risk. 
I ask my fellow Members to support H.R. 
280. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.011 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1509 March 2, 2015 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 280, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
b1715 
LONG-TERM CARE VETERANS 
CHOICE ACT 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 294) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to non-Department medical foster homes for certain vet-erans who are unable to live independ-ently, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 294 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Long-Term 
Care Veterans Choice Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CON-
TRACT AUTHORITY FOR PLACEMENT OF VETERANS IN NON-DEPARTMENT MEDICAL FOSTER HOMES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1720 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h)(1) During the three-year period begin-
ning on October 1, 2015, and subject to para-graph (2), at the request of a veteran for whom the Secretary is required to provide nursing home care under section 1710A of this title, the Secretary may place the vet-eran in a medical foster home that meets De-partment standards, at the expense of the United States, pursuant to a contract or agreement entered into between the Sec-retary and the medical foster home for such purpose. A veteran who is placed in a med-ical foster home under this subsection shall agree, as a condition of such placement, to accept home health services furnished by the Secretary under section 1717 of this title. 
‘‘(2) Not more than 900 veterans placed in a 
medical foster home, whether placed before or after the enactment of the Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act, may have their care covered at the expense of the United States under subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘medical 
foster home’ means a home designed to pro-vide non-institutional, long-term, supportive care for veterans who are unable to live inde-pendently and prefer a family setting.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Subsection (h) of title 
38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall take effect on October 1, 2015. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AWARDS AND BONUSES .— 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 
113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 705. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BO-
NUSES PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
‘‘The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall 
ensure that the aggregate amount of awards and bonuses paid by the Secretary in a fiscal year under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other awards or bonuses authorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, does not exceed the fol-lowing amounts: 
‘‘(1) With respect to each of fiscal years 
2015 through 2018, $300,000,000. 
‘‘(2) With respect to each of fiscal years 
2019 through 2024, $360,000,000.’’. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to 
enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 294, as amended, 
the Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act, would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs for 3 years, begin-ning October 1 of 2015, to enter into a contract or agreement with a certified medical foster home to pay for long- term care for not more than 900 eligible veterans. 
An eligible veteran is defined as one 
who is eligible for VA-paid nursing home care and would agree to receive VA home health services. The bill would also limit the amount of awards and bonuses paid to VA employees at $300 million for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2018. 
Medical foster home care is a non-
institutional, long-term care alter-native for those who prefer a smaller, more homelike, and familial care set-ting than many traditional nursing homes are able to provide. 
VA has been helping to place vet-
erans in medical foster homes for over a decade and providing the oversight and the safeguards needed to ensure that veterans receive safe, high-quality care. 
According to VA, over 900 veterans 
currently receive medical foster home care. However, VA does not currently have the authority to pay for the cost of medical foster home care, regardless of whether or not the veteran who chooses medical foster home care is eli-gible for more costly VA-paid nursing home care. 
This creates a situation, Mr. Speak-
er, where many service-connected vet-erans are limited with their financial resources and are unable to access the medical foster home care that they de-sire because of limited financial re-sources; instead, these veterans often move into nursing homes at a much greater expense to VA. With the creation of the choice pro-
gram last August, Congress, on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis, agreed that our veterans deserve the right to choose for themselves where and how they receive health care that they have earned. 
With today’s passage of H.R. 294, as 
amended, we will reaffirm that right to choose for the growing population of veterans in need of long-term care services. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in support of H.R. 294, as amend-ed. 
Providing high-quality health care to 
our Nation’s veterans has always been a number one priority for this com-mittee. Ensuring that the VA is a lead-er in the provision of long-term care to our veterans has also been a priority. 
We must work to make sure that VA 
provides a full range of long-term care programs, and H.R. 294, as amended, is a valuable improvement in providing veterans the choice of obtaining long- term care in a medical foster home. 
H.R. 294 gives VA the authority to 
pay for veterans’ long-term care in VA- approved medical foster homes. These homes provide care in a private home at much lower cost than nursing home care. Medical foster homes are safe, and we know through experience that many veterans prefer them to the tra-ditional nursing home. 
Older veterans also indicated that 
they prefer to receive care closer to home. The Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act would provide the oppor-tunity for more veterans to take ad-vantage of this home care setting. 
I fully support this legislation and 
thank the chairman for introducing it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further speakers at this time, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 294, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Once again, 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 294, as amended. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on both H.R. 280, as amended, and H.R. 294, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 203, the ‘‘Long-Term Care Veteran Choice Act’’, which will help expand access to healthcare for our nation’s veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.012 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1510 March 2, 2015 
In 2014, it was found that some VA Depart-
ment employees were responsible for delib-erately falsifying wait-time records for vet-eran’s medical appointments in order to create the appearance of reaching wait-time targets. 
This falsification of records even resulted in 
the unfortunate death of several veterans who were forced to wait unreasonably long periods of time before receiving the healthcare they unquestionably earned. 
H.R. 294 is intended to prevent another un-
acceptable incident and to ensure our vet-erans receive the healthcare they deserve. 
H.R. 294 allows veterans to obtain health 
care at non-VA health care facilities if they live more than 40 miles from a VA clinic or cannot be scheduled for an appointment at a VA clin-ic within 30 days. 
Further, the bill increases the VA’s capacity 
to provide health care services by providing expedited authority to hire more doctors and nurses and by providing for leases for the opening of 27 additional VA health facilities across the nation. 
This bill will also propose a three year pilot 
program which will transfer certain veterans to non-department medical foster homes if they are unable to live independently at the cost of the VA. 
It is our duty to make available only the best 
health care to our veterans, and I cite as an example the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in Houston. 
The DeBakey VA Medical Center provides 
world-class services to almost 130,000 vet-erans in southeast Texas and employs over 4,000 health care professionals. 
The DeBakey VA Medical Center has 
earned prestigious awards and accreditations for the quality of care provided, including: 
Accreditation from Joint Commission for 
hospital, long-term care, behavioral health care, home care, and substance abuse; 
Re-designation for Magnet Recognition for 
Excellence in Nursing Services by the Amer-ican Nurses Credentialing Center; 
Gold Seal of Approval in 2011 from the 
Joint Commission as an Advanced Primary Stroke Center; and 
Specialty accreditation by the American 
Psychological Association Commission on Ac-creditation for its Clinical Neuropsychology Postdoctoral Program. 
Mr. Speaker, our veterans have given this 
country so much and we owe it to them and to ourselves-that they have the best and most accessible health care services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 294, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-
proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 23 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 294, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 280, de novo. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Any re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
LONG-TERM CARE VETERANS 
CHOICE ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 294) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into con-tracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 405, nays 0, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 107] 
YEAS—405 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost 
Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR7.008 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1511 March 2, 2015 
Turner 
Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—27 
Bass 
Castor (FL) Conyers Crawford Crenshaw Engel Fincher Flores Gutie´rrez Hartzler 
Hinojosa Hultgren Knight Long Meeks Nadler Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher 
Rush Sanchez, Loretta Speier Stutzman Tonko Valadao Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1856 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title was amended so as to read: 
‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into con-tracts and agreements for the place-ment of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain vet-erans who are unable to live independ-ently.’’ 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 107, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS TO RECOUP BONUSES AND AWARDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 280) to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bo-nuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mil-ler) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
PRESIDENT’S EXPORT COUNCIL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to Executive Order 12131, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the President’s Export Council: 
Mr. K
ILDEE , Michigan 
Ms. D ELBENE, Washington 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO MI-
GRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION COMMISSION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 2 of the Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 715a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Migratory Bird Conservation Commis-sion: 
Mr. T
HOMPSON , California 
f 
b1900 
FCC DECISION 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, last week, the FCC voted 3–2 on bipartisan lines to allow unprec-edented government regulation of the Internet and reversing nearly two dec-ades of bipartisan policy. 
In a recent interview, FCC Commis-
sioner Ajit Pai said, ‘‘This is a solution that won’t work to a problem that doesn’t exist.’’ Mr. Speaker, the FCC Commissioner is exactly right. Why are trying to fix a problem that simply does not exist? 
This decision by the FCC represents a 
dangerous and reckless disregard for free market principles and is just an-other example of government over-reach by this administration. 
Mr. Speaker, President Obama’s 332- 
page plan to regulate the Internet will lead to slower services, less invest-ment, and more taxation. 
Together with my colleagues, I will 
continue to fight to keep a free and open Internet. 
f 
WELCOMING PRIME MINISTER 
BINYAMIN NETANYAHU 
(Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the spe-cial friendship between the United States and Israel and to welcome Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu before his address on the challenges facing our two nations. 
In their campaign of unparalleled 
savagery, the radical Islamic terrorists known as ISIS have made the slaughter 
of innocent Christians a priority. In the face of this senseless violence, Israel stands as a beacon of safety. To end this barbarism, the United States, Israel, and all our allies should develop a long-term strategy to wipe ISIS off the Earth. 
The United States and Israel are also 
confronted with the potential emer-gence of a nuclear Iran. Like Israel, our government should keep all options on the table to prevent this outcome. 
In facing these and future challenges, 
our Nation is fortunate to call Israel a friend. Israel and the United States share common ideals of freedom, jus-tice, and fair elections by the people in a republic. 
I welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu 
back to Congress, and I look forward to his remarks on protecting our shared values against terrorism and a nuclear Iran. 
f 
THE LONE STAR STATE OF THE 
MIDDLE EAST 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
nation of Israel is surrounded by some mean, aggressive neighbors that want Israel destroyed. The leader of the pack of jackals is Iran. The Supreme Leader of Iran has made it clear he wants the Jewish state to vanish into the sands of time. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel 
will be here tomorrow to speak to Con-gress on the serious plight that Israel faces from our mutual enemy, Iran. The White House is snubbing the head of state because Congress supposedly violated protocol with the invite. 
Meanwhile, the White House is bliss-
fully working on a backroom deal with Iran regarding their nuclear weapon program, a deal that will end up to be good for Iran, with a short pause in work on its nuclear enrichment. 
Mr. Speaker, Israel is the lone star 
state in the Middle East for freedom. So on this Texas Independence Day and on behalf of the people of the State of Texas, the Lone Star State, I want to welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu to speak candidly and openly about the true threat from the jackal of the desert, Iran. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HOME, 
THE REPUBLIC OF TEXAS 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, 179 years 
ago, a document from home changed the world with 102 final words. These words are: 
We, therefore, the delegates with plenary 
powers of the people of Texas, in solemn con-vention assembled, appealing to a candid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR7.007 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1512 March 2, 2015 
world for the necessities of our condition, do 
hereby resolve and declare that our political connection with the Mexican nation has for-ever ended and that the people of Texas do now constitute a free, sovereign, and inde-pendent republic and are fully invested with all the rights and attributes which properly belong to independent nations; and, con-scious of the rectitude of our intentions, we fearlessly and confidently commit the issue to the decision of the Supreme arbiter of the destinies of nations. 
Happy birthday to my home, the Re-
public of Texas. 
f 
WELCOMING PRIME MINISTER 
BINYAMIN NETANYAHU 
(Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to welcome our friend and ally Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu to the United States of America. 
Tomorrow, the Prime Minister will 
address this Chamber as a head of state. Some are protesting and will not attend. This is shortsighted and, frank-ly, disheartening. We have no greater ally in the Middle East than Israel, and Israel’s very existence is being threat-ened by its neighbors in the region. 
Words like ‘‘total destruction’’ are 
being thrown around by its enemies. Iran marches towards a nuclear bomb; yet we do nothing, we say nothing. Sure, we negotiate, but we don’t lead. 
Mr. Speaker, the President needs to 
step forward and lead, tell the world that we will do what it takes to protect our Israeli friends, as we have done for over 70 years. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu, welcome 
to the United States. I look forward to your remarks tomorrow and to our na-tions’ continued friendship, as do the majority of Americans. 
f 
WELCOMING PRIME MINISTER 
BINYAMIN NETANYAHU 
(Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, fol-
lowing my friend from Mississippi, it is important that we recognize that it is not just a person coming tomorrow to speak to us, it is the leader of Israel, our best friend in the Middle East. 
You think I like to come here and get 
lectured about the Citizens United case by a guy that doesn’t understand that case? You think I enjoy coming over here and being told, You pass my American Jobs Act right now, when he didn’t even have one for a couple of weeks? 
Of course not—I come and listen to 
the President because of the respect for the position. This is a dangerous prece-dent some are thinking about starting tomorrow: Well, I am just not going to show up because I don’t like the man that is leading Israel. 
They are our ally, and if you want 
people to stop showing up for others like the President, then start that tra-
dition. 
It is a wrong move. Let’s pay respect 
to our best friend’s leader in the Middle East. 
f 
GOD BLESS TEXAS 
(Mr. BARTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, 179 years 
ago, in a hamlet in what is now Grimes County, Texas, called Washington-on- the-Brazos, a handful of brave Texans voted to declare independence from Mexico. We call this day Texas Inde-pendence Day. 
As those brave men were declaring 
their independence at a decrepit old mission in San Antonio, Texas, less than 200 patriots—led by people like Davy Crockett and William Barret Travis and James Bowie—were fending off an army of somewhere between 3,000 and 5,000 Mexican soldiers under the leadership of a General Santa Ana. 
The Alamo fell on March 6, but on 
April 21, 1836, General Sam Houston, at a bayou called San Jacinto, led about 350 Texans in a surprise attack on the Mexican Army and won independence for Texas from Mexico. 
God bless Texas, and God bless all 
those patriots 179 years ago for what they did. 
f 
BRIDGING THE DIVIDE: OBSERVA-
TIONS ON RACE AND JUSTICE IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia). Under the Speak-
er’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
this evening, the Congressional Black Caucus will take a moment to discuss our strong support for the confirma-tion of U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch as the next Attorney General of the United States, and we will examine the larger issue of justice in America. 
Tonight’s CBC hour is entitled 
‘‘Bridging the Divide: Observations on Race and Justice in America.’’ As we reflect on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches, the events of Bloody Sunday, and the progress that has been achieved in the years since, we must remember that the Voting Rights Act was achieved not only because of those who marched, it succeeded because of those who cared enough to get in-volved, a Congress that became en-gaged, and an active Department of Justice that was diligent about enforc-ing the Voting Rights Act. 
Loretta Lynch is exactly the type of 
active, educated, and principled char-acter we need as our next Attorney General. Last week, the Senate Judici-ary Committee voted to confirm her as the next AG, paving the way for her confirmation by the full Senate. This 
confirmation must come soon and can-not be held up for partisan political purposes. 
With experience as a frontline pros-
ecutor, a U.S. attorney, and as some-one with a strong record of service over several decades, Ms. Lynch is more than qualified to sit at the helm of the Department of Justice and protect the rights of our American democracy. 
On the issue of justice, there is so 
much more we can discuss tonight, but right now, it is most appropriate for us to examine a few topics that so many citizens in the districts we represent want to look at. 
In addition to Ms. Lynch and the De-
partment of Justice, we would like to take time to explore the value of black lives in America and the fact that they do really matter, perceptions in minor-ity communities regarding police treatment, the impact of black incar-ceration on communities, and voting rights and disenfranchisement. 
I want to thank the distinguished 
gentleman from the Garden State, my good friend and anchor for this hour of action, Representative D
ONALD PAYNE . 
Congressman P AYNE has been a forceful 
advocate for justice issues in America and a leader in the true sense of the word. 
I yield to Congressman P
AYNE . 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank the gentlelady from Illi-nois who has demonstrated her leader-ship throughout her time here in Con-gress, and I am just delighted to also be working with her. 
Mr. Speaker, we want to thank the 
Congresswoman, once again, for open-ing tonight’s Congressional Black Cau-cus Special Order hour. It is an honor to join with her and the other members of this caucus to speak directly to the American people and keep them up to date on our efforts. 
b1915 
We are here tonight to talk about the 
urgent need to ensure the nomination of Loretta Lynch as the next Attorney General of the United States of Amer-ica. 
Ms. Lynch has a distinguished legal 
career in private and public service, earning the respect of her colleagues and establishing herself as a topnotch lawyer and Federal prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York. 
She has successfully prosecuted cases 
on far-ranging issues, including public corruption, violent crime, and ter-rorism. They have included a number of high-profile cases, such as United States v. Volpe. In that case, Ms. Lynch was part of the trial team that convicted several New York police offi-cers involved in the torture of Haitian immigrant Abner Louima in 1997. She also prosecuted the Bangladeshi man convicted of attempting to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 2012. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Lynch’s profes-
sional credentials are matched by her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.020 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1513 March 2, 2015 
strength of character. Throughout her 
career, Ms. Lynch has demonstrated unparalleled strength of character, in-tegrity, and independence. She has dis-played an unwavering commitment to the rule of law, to public service, and to this Nation. She has proven time and time again that she is a highly ca-pable, independent leader who care-fully considers all sides of an issue and does not cave to outside influences. 
These are the characteristics we look 
for, characteristics we should and do demand when considering nominees for U.S. Attorney General. 
Ms. Lynch’s professional background 
and outstanding character suggest she would be capable of using her position to address a number of issues that are important to achieving true equality and justice for African American com-munities. These include perceptions of police treatment, voting rights, and sentencing disparities, which under-mine the foundations of African Amer-ican communities. 
There is every indication that Ms. 
Lynch would make an outstanding U.S. Attorney General, and it is the hope of this caucus that she can quickly be confirmed by the Senate. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it is my honor to yield to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ), the chair of the Con-
gressional Black Caucus. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank Ms. K ELLY for her lead-
ership and for yielding me this time as a representative of the 46 men and women comprising the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Mr. P
AYNE , I want to thank you for 
all you do for our caucus and what you mean to not only the State of New Jer-sey, but also what you mean to all of us. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we 
have set aside this hour to remark about the confirmation process for Lo-retta Lynch. President Obama should be commended for choosing an Attor-ney General nominee who is well quali-fied in every respect. Though she lives in New York City, she is a native of Greensboro and Durham, North Caro-lina. She is a North Carolinian for sure. 
Her father, the Reverend Leonzo 
Lynch, whom I have known for most of my life, is a native of Martin County, North Carolina, from the town of Oak City, which is right in the heart of my congressional district. The Lynch fam-ily has deep roots in eastern North Carolina. 
Ms. Lynch has a 30-year career, dis-
tinguished legal career. She is a well- respected lawyer and Federal pros-
ecutor in the Eastern District of New York, which serves 8 million people throughout Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and Long Island. Loretta Lynch is consistently recognized among her peers as a tough, fair and independent lawyer who has twice headed one of the most active and effective U.S. Attor-ney’s Offices in the country. 
Ms. Lynch has a proven record of 
prosecuting hate crimes and cracking down on public corruption without re-gard to political party or affiliation. She has a reputation for being com-mitted to protecting human rights and ensuring equal opportunity for all Americans. Ms. Lynch possesses high moral character and integrity. She has the perfect set of professional creden-tials to lead the U.S. Department of Justice. 
She remains steadfast and 
unflappable when facing the court of public opinion and upholds the letter of the law in all circumstances, even when it is unpopular. 
Throughout Ms. Lynch’s confirma-
tion process, Senators in both parties have lauded her qualifications and her sterling career. However, Ms. Lynch has waited longer for a confirmation vote than any U.S. Attorney General in modern history. Her nomination has been pending for more than 100 days. The politics that Republicans have played with Ms. Lynch’s nomination are deplorable, and opposition to her nomination is nothing more than, in my opinion, a political ploy to once again use any means necessary to show their disdain for the President. 
I am deeply disappointed, as I am 
sure many other North Carolinians are, at Senator T
HOMTILLIS ’ vote last week 
in the Senate Judiciary Committee against the nomination of one of North Carolina’s own. Senator T
ILLIS had an 
opportunity to be on the right side of history in supporting her nomination, but he did not. 
If confirmed, Ms. Lynch would make 
history as the first African American woman to serve in the role as United States Attorney General. She is an outstanding nominee and an excellent choice. The Senate should move swiftly to confirm Loretta Lynch as Attorney General for the United States of Amer-ica. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate Congressman B
UTTERFIELD ’s 
remarks. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to the 
gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F UDGE ), 
past chairperson of the Congressional Black Caucus and Congressperson extraordinaire. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my good friend for yielding. I want to thank my colleagues, P
AYNE  
and K ELLY , for leading the Congres-
sional Black Caucus Special Order hour. You are our message team. You are the people who let all of the world, all of America know what the CBC is dealing with on a daily basis, and I thank you for your work. Last week, Loretta Lynch’s nomina-
tion to serve as the next U.S. Attorney General was finally passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee by a vote of 12–8. I use the word ‘‘finally’’ be-cause there has been a significant delay with her confirmation. Why her confirmation has taken so long confounds me. I mean, what exactly is the Senate majority waiting for? What is the delay? 
The fact that it took over 100 days to 
just get her to a committee vote is par-ticularly troubling when one considers how long it took to actually confirm former Attorneys General: Janet Reno, 29 days; John Ashcroft, 42 days; Mi-chael Mukasey, 53 days; and Alberto Gonzales, who had to resign as Attor-ney General, 86 days. 
Clearly, Attorney Lynch’s confirma-
tion has been singled out for delay. Ash Carter’s confirmation moved expedi-tiously, and he is now the Secretary of Defense. His hearing took place on Feb-ruary 4. He was voted out of committee on February 11, and ultimately con-firmed on the Senate floor on February 12. 
When testifying before the Senate 
Judiciary Committee, Attorney Lynch showed grace under pressure while en-during long hours of vigorous ques-tioning. Later, she provided answers to hundreds of questions, all on the record, resulting in more than 200 pages of testimony. Her profes-sionalism and responsiveness are well documented. 
Further, Senators in both parties 
have lauded Attorney Lynch’s quali-fications. Her record speaks for itself. Senator H
ATCH , one of the three Repub-
licans—shamefully, three Repub-licans—who recently voted in favor of Attorney Lynch’s nomination in com-mittee, stated: 
I have concluded that Ms. Lynch’s full 
record, including but hardly limited to her hearing testimony, shows that she is quali-fied to serve as Attorney General. 
That is all that they are trying to 
show to the American public. All they need to say is that she is qualified. If they had the President and the White House, they would pick who they want. But they don’t have the President and the White House, so they have to deal with who he picks. And she is qualified. 
Further, Senators in both parties un-
derstand how important it is to fill the position of Attorney General. Yet she continues to be penalized by many members of the majority party for President Obama’s immigration poli-cies and a general disdain for Attorney General Holder. Here we are stopping the Attorney General nomination be-cause of immigration, we won’t fund the Department of Homeland Security because of immigration—there is a problem in the Congress of the United States. In fact, she is being judged for the actions of others, and we know that. This is nothing more than polit-ical gamesmanship. 
I call on my colleagues in the other 
Chamber to stop the charade and get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.021 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1514 March 2, 2015 
on with the confirmation. I urge the 
Senate to put Attorney Lynch’s nomi-nation on the floor immediately. Judge Attorney Lynch on her record and her merit, and do it now. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank Con-
gresswoman F
UDGE for her very, very 
pertinent remarks. 
It is now my honor to yield to the 
freshman gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for the oppor-tunity to speak. I want to thank Ms. K
ELLY from the great State of Illinois, 
as well as Mr. P AYNE from the great 
State of New Jersey for yielding me this time. I want to extend my support for the confirmation of Ms. Loretta Lynch for the position of Attorney General. 
As a New Yorker, indeed a 
Brooklynite, a former Bronx district attorney, as well as having worked at the Justice Department, I have the ut-most respect for Ms. Lynch, who has served the people of New York, and in-deed this great country, is eminently qualified to be the Attorney General and should be confirmed. 
TERRITORIAL VOTING RIGHTS  
Ms. PLASKETT. I additionally, Mr. 
Speaker, would like to discuss another issue that is of grave importance to the people of the territories, and that is territorial voting rights. 
As we commend the 50th anniversary 
of the March on Selma this week, and the subsequent passage of the Voting Rights Act, I want to once again call to the attention of my colleagues here in Congress that there are still American citizens today who do not have equal voting rights. While we may discuss the irrational and truly illogical mech-anism which has excluded those who have been convicted of felonies from society for voting, I want to discuss an-other group which has been disenfran-chised, that is some 4 million people to be exact. These are citizens of Amer-ica’s island territories—the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Northern Marianas—American citizens who willingly risk life and limb in de-fense of a great nation for which they do not have a vote. American citizens who, in their great patriotism, have paid the ultimate sacrifice, the sac-rifice of their lives, and in this last conflict in Iraq and Iran, have died at a rate of seven times the national aver-age. 
Citizens of the current U.S. terri-
tories have bravely fought in every American conflict, indeed, including the American Revolution, when we gave our own person in Alexander Hamilton from the Virgin Islands to fight in that war. Some have even been awarded the Medal of Honor, which is the Nation’s highest military honor. Yet, these citizens who have contrib-uted and sacrificed so much still can-not vote for their Commander in Chief. 
This inability to vote has a direct 
correlation to the poverty and dis-enfranchisement in so many areas that the people of these island territories 
experience. Poverty in the 21st century is a shameful reality in our great Na-tion, and for decades it has been a seri-ous and persistent problem in the Vir-gin Islands. Child poverty for us in the territories is a heartbreaking reality. 
A recent report from the Community 
Foundation of the Virgin Islands and Kids Count says 31 percent of the chil-dren in the Virgin Islands are living in poverty. To further underscore this troubling statistic, Virgin Islands fam-ilies are struggling with a very high cost-of-living, driven by the fact that much of our food supplies must be im-ported, along with the very high cost of electricity. We pay some of the highest prices in the Nation. And while, thank-fully, the American economy is on the rebound and reports of job growth are very good news, unemployment on the islands on which I live is 15 percent or more. 
b1930 
The benign neglect of this great Na-
tion to the territories has got to end. Each island was bought for military purposes, and now that it is believed by the country that the physical geo-political need is not there, the people have been forgotten. Indeed, some have even questioned whether the people were ever remembered on these islands, that the lands and the resources were what this Nation wanted, not the peo-ple. But we have contributed much, and we deserve better. Not tying citi-zenship and the right to vote to the soil—the sovereign soil—on which an individual is born controverts the most basic English and, thus, American law. 
Mr. Speaker, Virgin Islanders, who 
are proud people dedicated to their families, committed to their faith, and are so very willing to work hard for a better and brighter future for them-selves, their children, and, indeed, this country, deserve the right to vote. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congresswoman P
LASKETT , for edu-
cating our public on the challenges people on the Islands face. Your words are so pertinent as we go to Selma to remember the events of 50 years ago. 
Mr. Speaker, it is now my distinct 
honor to call to the podium the gen-tleman from New York, Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-
guished gentlewoman from Illinois for yielding, and of course I want to thank Congresswoman K
ELLY and Congress-
man P AYNE for their wonderful leader-
ship in creating this opportunity for members of the Congressional Black Caucus to speak directly to the Amer-ican people on an issue of great signifi-cance, the justice system generally, but specifically, the urgent need to confirm Loretta Lynch as our next At-torney General. 
Let me say parenthetically that it 
feels good to be in the presence of my two classmates, R. K
ELLY and D. 
PAYNE . I feel like I am in the midst of 
celebrity. Certainly, they have done a tremendous job in calling us all to-
gether. 
We have got a serious issue that we 
need this Capitol to confront. In the midst of terrorists who are all across the world who want to strike at our homeland, not only are we dealing with a dynamic where some in the House of Representatives refuse to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security because of an unnecessary obsession with the President’s executive action on immigration—let me note, of course, though individuals may differ on its legality, every President since Dwight Eisenhower has taken execu-tive action on immigration. It has oc-curred 39 times since the 1950s. 
President Eisenhower did it; Presi-
dent Nixon did it. President Ford did it; President Reagan did it; President George Herbert Walker Bush did it; and President George W. Bush did it. Every President since Eisenhower has taken executive action to provide some form of immigration relief. But, of course, when President Obama steps forward to deal with our Nation’s current prob-lems, a constitutional crisis has been provoked. 
What also seems to be interesting, 
Mr. Speaker, is that the effort to ad-dress the issues that some may have with President Obama’s executive ac-tion has crossed over into trying to stop, delay, and obstruct Loretta Lynch from becoming our Nation’s next Attorney General. Some over on the Senate side have even said as such: Well, we are concerned that she has got a supportive attitude as it relates to President Obama’s executive action. 
Well, many of my good friends on the 
other side of the aisle are so-called strict constructionists. They believe in the sanctity of original intent as it re-lates to the Constitution. Well, the Constitution had an article I legisla-tive branch, an article II executive branch, and an article III judicial branch. And the Founders suggested that if there are issues that need to be worked out, it is the court’s job to do it. So there is a lawsuit right now pending in Texas challenging the legal-ity and the constitutionality of the President’s executive action on immi-gration. Let the courts do their job. Stop holding hostage our Nation’s safe-ty and security, and stop holding hos-tage the confirmation of Loretta Lynch. 
If you take a look at her resume, no 
reasonable person could argue that she is not exquisitely qualified. Her resume reads like the American Dream: a Southern girl born in North Carolina, raised by a school librarian mother and a Baptist preacher father. She excelled in her elementary and high school studies so much so that she went off to college at Harvard University and then got a law degree from that same insti-tution, one of the best law schools in the world. 
She then joined a high-powered liti-
gation law firm in New York, excelled there, but then after several years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.022 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1515 March 2, 2015 
took, I believe, what was a 75 percent 
cut in salary and left the private sector so she could go work as a Federal pros-ecutor and do some good. In that office, she quickly rose through the ranks, tried high-profile cases in the rough and tumble of New York City with grace and with dignity, always making sure that she was guided by the law and the facts—not politics, drama, and hyperbole. 
Loretta Lynch was confirmed twice, I 
believe, by the United States Senate unanimously. The American people recognize that this is a Congress that can’t agree on basic things, yet unani-mously Loretta Lynch has been con-firmed twice as the lead prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York. 
By the way, she is a proud Brooklyn 
resident now, and I had the honor and privilege of representing Ms. Lynch when I was in the State legislature. She has excelled as the consummate law enforcement professional. She is fair, she is equitable, she is tough, and she is just. 
So we are here today simply to say it 
is time to confirm her. The President has made the observation: You can’t stand Eric Holder. The easiest way to get rid of him is to confirm Loretta Lynch. 
What is the hold up? Allow her to 
take the helm over these final 20 or so months so that we have some stability at the all-important Department of Justice. We need all hands on deck right now as it relates to the war on terror. We need the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, and the Department of Homeland Security. We have got to be correct 100 percent of the time. Terrorists only have to be right once. It seems to me that if you have a confirmation pend-ing of a clearly qualified individual to head the Department of Justice, the re-sponsible thing to do is to act, and to act now. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank my 
good friends R. K
ELLY and D. P AYNE for 
giving me this opportunity to spend a few moments on behalf of a tremendous Brooklynite, by way of North Carolina, who is clearly qualified to be our Na-tion’s next Attorney General. It is time to bring the confirmation to the floor and to allow her to serve the American people. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you 
kindly to the gentleman from New York, Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , 
a man of much wisdom and truth. 
Congressman P AYNE , we have heard 
from a number of Members why Loret-ta Lynch would be a great Attorney 
General. Hopefully, we can move on this and she will be confirmed very soon. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I would 
like to introduce one of my freshman colleagues, the woman from the great State of Ohio, Congresswoman extraordinaire J
OYCE BEATTY . 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my classmate and colleagues for hosting us this evening for the Con-gressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, during the past month, 
we honored the great achievements and rich history of African Americans and the African American community. We reflected on an unfortunate journey through slavery and segregation, preju-dices and discrimination. Though we bring Black History Month to a close, the Congressional Black Caucus will continue to fight for justice. Tonight our Special Order hour is Bridging the Divide: Observations on Race and Jus-tice in America. 
Our attention to the divides in our 
society, however, does not end because we entered a new month. We must re-main focused on how we can bridge the divides in our society and how we can bring our Nation closer together. The divides are striking, and we know them all too well: the school-to-prison pipe-line, education disparities, health dis-parities, the injustices in our justice system. 
It is well established in fact that stu-
dents of color face harsher punish-ments in schools than their White peers, leading to a higher number of youth of color in detention, suspension, and, yes, expelled. Mr. Speaker, Afri-can American students are arrested far more often than their White class-mates. Black and Hispanic students represent more than 70 percent of those involved in school-related arrests or re-ferrals to law enforcement. Currently, African Americans make up two-fifths and Hispanics one-fifth of confined youth today. 
Disparities are found not only in how 
we punish behavior in schools, but also how we fund education. Mr. Speaker, this is true in K–12. It is also true in higher education. And we know that a college degree is a path to a middle class life. As African American stu-dents graduate with more debt than their White classmates, the cuts to Pell grants are threatening African American access to a better education. Without the Pell grant program, hun-dreds of thousands of young African Americans would not be able to afford college. 
The disparities in access to health 
coverage are startling. The infant mor-tality rate among African Americans is 2.3 times that of non-Hispanic Whites, and African American infants are four times more likely than non-Hispanic White infants to die, mostly due to complications related to birth weight. 
Mr. Speaker, we must confront these 
prejudices and these injustices in our Nation head-on. The Congressional Black Caucus is committed to resolv-ing these challenges. The Congres-sional Black Caucus has fought to en-sure funding the Pell grant. Pell grants are contained in each year’s appropria-tions bills. We have worked hard to make sure that the maternity and new-born care are part of health care plans under the Affordable Care Act. Over 390,000 African American women in the individual market alone are projected to gain maternity coverage thanks— yes, thanks—to the Affordable Care Act. Our task force on the elimination 
of sentencing disparities is moving the ball on how Black men and women are treated in the judicial system. 
As we have been working here in 
Congress, our partners, the Deltas, my sorority, Delta Sigma Theta sorority, held their annual Delta Days in the Na-tion’s Capital today with thousands of women from across this Nation gath-ering and advocating for these same disparities and injustices. 
As Deltas were uniting in their ef-
forts today in our Nation’s Capital, my sorors and I were also uniting for one of our very own—nominee Loretta Lynch. Last week, the Senate Judici-ary Committee voted 12–8 to approve the confirmation of Loretta Lynch as the next United States Attorney Gen-eral, bringing her confirmation to the full Senate for consideration. 
I remember it all too well a couple 
weeks before that when we were in that hearing room. It looked like a sea of red as Deltas marched in and lined up one after another wearing our colors, crimson and cream. Deltas lined the outside of the hearing room. Mr. Speaker, we did that because, prior to entering that room, media and some of my colleagues on the other side had tried to make it a bad thing that she organized and was a founder of her col-lege chapter of Delta Sigma Theta so-rority. 
b1945 
What we were able to do was to show 
them when we work together, whether that is Democrats and Republicans or sorority members or nonsorority mem-bers, when it is the right thing to do, we can make a difference. 
I was so proud last week to sit there 
on the front row with my other col-leagues—with our chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, Congressman G.K. B
UTTERFIELD ; with the 100th 
woman sworn into the United States Congress, Congresswoman A
LMA 
ADAMS ; to be there with the 21st na-
tional president of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Congresswoman M
ARCIA  
FUDGE . 
We sat there next to Loretta Lynch’s 
father, Reverend Lorenzo Lynch of North Carolina, while the Judiciary Committee favorably reported the nomination on a vote that was closer than it needed to be. 
Ms. Lynch’s nomination is well de-
served and historic. Ms. Lynch testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee for nearly 8 hours, and she responded to nearly 900 written questions, which is unprecedented. Many of the written questions, Mr. Speaker, were from Sen-ators who had already declared their opposition to her nomination. 
Ms. Lynch’s nomination has now 
been pending far longer than any re-cent Attorney General’s nomination which, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, is shameful. She deserves to be voted our next Attorney General. If Senators have a reason to vote against her nomi-nation, they should make their case 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.023 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1516 March 2, 2015 
public. Yes, hiding behind procedural 
tactics does not help our Nation. 
As the Senate has an opportunity to 
unite behind a well-qualified nominee for a critical position, Congress Mem-bers will have an opportunity to be united this weekend when Democrats and Republicans will travel to Alabama to march to celebrate the 50th anniver-sary of the Selma marches. 
Fifty years ago, people marched for 
equal voting rights. Out of those marches, we got the Voting Rights Act. However, disparities remain, and the Voting Rights Act has been eroded. 
We can end this divide, Mr. Speaker, 
of who votes if my Republican col-leagues would bring up the Voting Rights Amendment Act, H.R. 885. Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker. We can end the divide of who can vote if my Republican colleagues would bring up the Voting Rights Amendment Act, H.R. 885. 
How long will it take? How long must 
we wait to have equal rights and jus-tice? It is well past time that we de-liver to all Americans what they de-serve. 
Like we did 50 years ago in Selma, we 
must do so again today and stand united arm in arm, as my Congres-sional Black Caucus colleagues and I did recently in Ferguson and as we will do tomorrow and tomorrow and tomor-row. 
Together, united, we can bring an 
end to the disparities that hold our hardworking families back from achieving the middle class dreams and the dreams of all Americans: that we should be equal. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you to 
the gentlewoman from the great State of Ohio. You have done a great job de-scribing the challenges and sharing the progress that has been made thus far for our constituents of color. You have given us a call to action. 
Mr. Speaker, once confirmed, Loretta 
Lynch will replace Eric Holder as At-torney General. In that role, she will be in charge of managing and directing the policies of our Nation’s law en-forcement officers. 
Ms. Lynch, as we have heard, is 
uniquely fitted to serve that role for our Nation, especially at this critical point in our national discourse. As U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Ms. Lynch currently serves as the chief Federal prosecutor for Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and Long Island. 
The death of Eric Garner this past 
July occurred on Staten Island, within Ms. Lynch’s jurisdiction. Eric Garner’s death—followed by the death of Mi-chael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, this past August—stirred a national discussion on use of force by police. Unfortunately, this discussion has pro-duced increased animosity and distrust between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve. This is es-pecially true in communities of color. 
This is not the right approach, Mr. 
Speaker. This is not the way to move our country forward. We cannot afford 
distrust between law enforcement and the communities they are tasked with protecting. What we need is increased compassion, increased understanding, and increased trust between police and communities, and Loretta Lynch un-derstands this. 
In her opening statement before the 
Senate Judiciary Committee last month, Ms. Lynch stated: 
Few things have pained me more than re-
ported tensions and division between law en-forcement and the communities we serve. If confirmed as Attorney General, one of my key priorities will be to work to strengthen the vital relationships of courageous law en-forcement personnel in the communities we serve. 
My family members have served and 
do serve in law enforcement. I have many friends in law enforcement. I have been fortunate enough to have many positive experiences with the law enforcement community. I understand just how courageous and brave the men and women who dedicate their lives to keeping us safe truly are. 
However, I also understand the fear 
many citizens in communities of color have toward law enforcement following these tragic events. Nobody should live in fear of the institutions put in place to protect them. To move forward, we must change the conversation from law enforcement versus community to law enforcement and community. 
Essential to advancing this coopera-
tive and mutually beneficial relation-ship is the Office of Community Ori-ented Policing Services, or COPS of-fice, within the Department of Justice. COPS is tasked with building trust and mutual respect between police and their communities. 
Increasing trust is essential to ad-
vancing public safety. A citizen who trusts their local police office and un-derstands their mission is less likely to engage in antisocial and unlawful be-havior; and a police officer who can empathize with the fears, sensibilities, and concerns of community members will be less likely to take rash, unwar-ranted, or disproportionate responses to those unlawful actions. 
These focused efforts allow for law 
enforcement agencies and communities to work together and, instead of simply addressing immediate concerns, ad-dress systemic issues plaguing commu-nities, many of which serve as the root cause of the violence and crime that occurs. 
The COPS program’s motto is: 
‘‘Building Relationships, Solving Prob-lems.’’ For the past 20 years, COPS has done just that. COPS grants have given billions of dollars to State and local law enforcement agencies to hire police officers, provide technical assistance, and conduct training programs teach-ing collaboration skills, increasing shared understanding, and advancing sensitivity training. 
Mr. Speaker, I can think of no better 
person to lead our Justice Department and further advance the efforts of the COPS program than Loretta Lynch. 
Ms. Lynch is exactly right in her de-sired focus of prioritizing improving re-lationships between law enforcement and communities. Her vision is exactly what the Justice Department and the COPS program, in particular, need at this critical point in time. 
I fully understand the frustration, 
anger, and deep concern felt in commu-nities across the country; however, it is simply unsustainable to have a dy-namic where police fear communities and communities fear the police. 
In order to ensure that all State and 
local law enforcement agencies and the entire justice system treat all Ameri-cans fairly and value all American lives equally, we must hold law en-forcement to high professional stand-ards and provide them with necessary training to effectively protect and po-lice diverse communities. 
Mr. Speaker, this month, we recog-
nize the 50th anniversary of the March on Selma, Alabama. The brave men and women who marched across the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge that day and the countless others through the Jim Crow South were on the receiving end of hor-rendous and unspeakable actions of po-lice brutality. 
We have come a long way over the 50 
years, Mr. Speaker; however, much work remains. I can think of no better person to lead that charge than Loret-ta Lynch. I look forward to her service as our Nation’s Attorney General and the robust COPS program she will ad-vance. 
I yield to my great partner from the 
great State of New Jersey. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank the gentlewoman from Il-linois for her concise assessment of the nomination of an outstanding pros-ecutor, outstanding attorney, and out-standing American. 
As it was stated by one of my col-
leagues, Ms. Lynch has followed and been a part of the American Dream, coming from meager beginnings, hav-ing a mother and father who cared for her and nurtured her, allowed her to get a good education and move on to— as it was stated—one of the best schools in our Nation and in the world and also to get her law degree from that same school. 
Now, it appears to me, based on the 
hearings that I saw, Ms. Lynch has one problem. Is it her qualifications? No. Is it her demeanor? No. Has she done ev-erything that she has been asked to do as a prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York? Yes. 
Well, why is she not qualified? Well, 
no one is saying that she is not quali-fied. There is a political issue in the way, and that political issue is that she is the nominee of President Barack Obama, and that is her only issue, as I see it. 
She has done everything that a good 
American should do: played by the rules all her life, pulled herself up by her bootstraps, got a good education, went into the private sector and then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.025 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1517 March 2, 2015 
decided, Do you know what, I am going 
to go be a Federal prosecutor at a 75 percent decrease in salary. 
Now, if that is not an American com-
mitted to this Nation, I don’t know what is, so her only violation is that she was nominated by this President. Immigration continues to be the issue that is the rub. That is why we don’t have funding for the Department of Homeland Security: because of immi-gration, because my colleagues on the other side don’t agree with what the President did. 
This is outrageous, this is absolutely 
outrageous, that a person that has done everything that they are supposed to do gets to this point and was con-firmed twice by the Senate—now, I don’t know if President Obama nomi-nated her either one of those times, but now that he is nominating her for this position, well, she just doesn’t cut it, there are issues. 
They are not her issues. They are 
issues with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and their disdain for their President at times, absolute dis-dain. It is a matter of you are better off not saying that you are involved with the President the way it is going around here. It makes no sense. It ab-solutely makes no sense. 
Now, here is a woman that has al-
lowed herself to go through this proc-ess and knew it was going to be rig-orous, knew there were going to be challenges, knew she would be chal-lenged, and came through the com-mittee 12–8. But people initially that were going to support her, Mr. Speak-er, had decided, Well, now, there is something wrong. 
I mean, what happened? What hap-
pened in 2 weeks, in the space of 3 weeks, that has made you anti-Loretta Lynch? 
b2000 
We have issues all over this Nation, 
Mr. Speaker, that we need to be deal-ing with, and the Department of Home-land Security is one of them. We need to fund the Department of Homeland Security. It is interesting. I hear my colleagues’ interest and concern about immigration and people coming across the border. 
If you don’t fund the Department of 
Homeland Security, how do you think that work continues? If you think it is bad now, don’t fund the Department. You have people listening—the terror-ists. You don’t think terrorists are lis-tening to this? You don’t think this is a great opportunity for them to decide to maybe go rogue, to come out of their lone wolf status and do what they need to do because they know no one is minding the store because we decided to furlough people? You are concerned about this Nation and its security? It doesn’t make sense to me. 
We have many issues in the African 
American community, and we are here every other Monday night to express them—criminal justice, the issue around ‘‘Black lives matter,’’ and the perceptions of police treatment in the 
African American community. I can tell you a personal story about my interaction, as a youngster, with a member of the police force back in my home in Newark, New Jersey. 
It was a horrendous, horrendous epi-
sode in my life, but I got a break be-cause the officer realized that my fa-ther was a member of the city council of that town. Prior to seeing my name on my driver’s license and learning that, he told me that, if I didn’t produce the papers that he wanted, they would throw me so far under the jail that they would never find me. But once I produced this document that said that I was all of a sudden some-body—I am a person; I am relevant— then he became nurturing. He said: Don’t you know that making a U-turn is dangerous? and became paternal, but prior to that, it was that they would throw me so far under the jail that they would never find me. 
So I stand here, Mr. Speaker, on be-
half of all of the people who wouldn’t have gotten that break. It is my obli-gation to make sure that the playing field is level, not because you are re-lated to someone, not because you know someone, not because you have connections. Every American should be afforded the opportunity I was afforded that day. 
In closing, I would just like to thank 
the gentlewoman, R
OBIN KELLY , for her 
leadership in leading tonight’s Con-gressional Black Caucus hour. These Special Orders give us the opportunity to speak directly to the American peo-ple about the work on their behalf and the issues that we care about. This is something that we do, and we are hon-ored to be able to do it. 
I would also like to thank the people 
at home who have tuned in tonight. It is our point to engage in an ongoing and meaningful dialogue, and I hope that they will continue to join us on Monday nights. 
We began by discussing the nomina-
tion of Loretta Lynch as the next U.S. Attorney General. Ms. Lynch’s nomi-nation has been slow-walked by the Re-publicans, who would rather make it more about the President’s immigra-tion policy than about Ms. Lynch’s qualifications and strength of char-acter. Ms. Lynch has earned a number of outside endorsements, including from the International Association of Chiefs of Police, and her record is im-peccable. It is the hope of this caucus that the full Senate comes to realize the urgency of her nomination and con-firms her immediately. 
Ms. Lynch’s professional record sug-
gests that she will embrace the vision of the Department of Justice, whose mission is to advance the cause of jus-tice and equality for all Americans. 
This is absolutely critical to the Af-
rican American community, whose needs are not currently being met by our criminal justice system. Today, we see a criminal justice system that does not treat all Black lives as though they matter. From Staten Island to Fer-
guson, unarmed Black men have been the victims of excessive, deadly force by law enforcement. This creates and perpetuates a distrust in our commu-nities, and it makes it increasingly dif-ficult to have a meaningful dialogue between law enforcement and the com-munities they are charged with pro-tecting. 
These negative perceptions of police 
treatment are compounded by a num-
ber of other factors, including the dis-turbing gaps in incarceration rates. Af-rican Americans are incarcerated at a rate that is seven times higher than that of our White counterparts. These individuals are removed from the workforce often for drug-related crimes during their prime working years. They struggle to reenter society, hav-ing difficulty finding jobs and becom-ing productive members of their com-munities. Instead of immediately in-carcerating those who commit drug-re-lated, nonviolent crimes, more effort should be devoted to rehabilitation. 
At the same time, we need to re-
evaluate the effectiveness of the war on drugs, a war that disproportionately affects African Americans and dev-astates African American and minority communities. When ex-felons reenter society, we need to ensure that our criminal justice system avoids purely punitive measures against them, in-cluding ex-felon disenfranchisement. 
Finally, there is the reforming of our 
criminal justice system so as to elimi-nate disparities in sentences. Accord-ing to the National Urban League, mandatory minimums and disparities in crack cocaine sentencing incarcer-ated countless numbers of African Americans for an inhumane length of time and had the U.S. as the world leader in prison population. This has created a modern-day caste system in America. When we address these issues, we will make significant progress to-ward a criminal justice system that re-flects our values of full equality for all Americans. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my col-leagues, Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE , JR. 
and Congresswoman R OBIN KELLY, in support 
of the CBC Special Order Hour entitled: ‘‘Bridging The Divide: Observations on Race and Justice in America.’’ And as I reflect on some of the issues affecting the intersection of race and justice that still plague this country, I am deeply saddened. 
Just on the other side of the Capitol, the 
Republican-led Senate has delayed the con-firmation of Loretta Lynch as our next Attor-ney, General, forcing her to wait for a vote longer than any other attorney general nomi-nee in the last three decades. Despite this long delay, the Senate was able to quickly confirm the nomination of our new Defense Secretary Ashton Carter. Critics in the Senate have called into question Ms. Lynch’s quali-fications, dismissing her as ‘‘just another Eric Holder,’’ choosing to ignore her exceptional academic record and impressive career ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.026 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1518 March 2, 2015 
In the past few months, this nation has been 
rocked by the deaths of black men at the hands of police, and the fiery nationwide pro-tests in response. The lost lives of Tamir Rice, Eric Garnet, Mike Brown, and so many others have only contributed to the painful perception that black life is devalued in America. Many pundits have observed these tragedies and the various responses to them as proof that race relations in this country have regressed. 
There are currently more black men behind 
bars in 2015 than there were enslaved in 1850, and these sentencing disparities have far reaching consequences. Among demo-cratic nations, the United States enforces some of the world’s most restrictive disenfran-chisement laws for felons, keeping millions of men and women from ever being able to fulfill their civic duty. We ask them to pay their debt to society, we require them to re-enter society as productive adults, yet we strip them of such a basic democratic freedom. Without question, these laws disproportionately affect African Americans, and Mr. Speaker, it is time for a change. 
While the picture I have briefly painted may 
seem bleak, I remain encouraged by the re-solve of so many Americans around the coun-try Nationwide protests by people of all back-grounds have forced local lawmakers to con-front their policies and make sure that they re-flect the communities they govern. But as we all know, there is a long road ahead. And as the conscious of the Congress, it is the re-sponsibility of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, to ensure that this august chamber ad-dresses these issues essential to the quality of life for all Americans. 
f 
WILL THE U.S. AND THE INTER-
NATIONAL COMMUNITY ALLOW IRAN TO DEVELOP A NUCLEAR WEAPON? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored tonight to lead this Special Order on what is one of the most crit-ical issues facing our Nation in genera-tions. Now, I know that sounds dra-matic and that it sounds like it is a statement that is just designed to cap-ture people’s attention, but it is actu-ally true. This is a question that will define our safety and our security for generations to come. 
The question we face and the issue 
that we want to address tonight is: Will the U.S. and the international community allow Iran to develop a nu-clear weapon? 
For generations, it has been the pol-
icy of Republican and Democratic ad-ministrations that we would not allow that to happen. It is critical to the se-curity of our friends and allies in the region that we are successful in deny-ing them this. It is critical to our own national security, to the interests at home, and to our interests abroad that we not allow Iran to nuclearize their weapons program. So we come to this question: Will we allow that to happen? Tonight, I stand here, along with 
many of my colleagues, to express my great concern about what the Presi-dent is doing and the state of the nego-tiations as they are now. Tomorrow, we get to hear from the Prime Minister of Israel. I look forward to hearing his comments. He certainly has, as they say, a dog in this fight, but so do we. Let me begin by telling you a little bit about my background. 
I spent 14 years as a pilot in the Air 
Force. I flew the B–1. At one point, I was the pilot rep for the implementa-tion of the Strategic Arms Reduction Talks, or START I and START II, im-plementing a treaty that we had with the former Soviet Union. This was a very interesting experience. I learned a 
lot from this. I certainly learned of the details and the necessity of following through with every tiny detail of these treaties and of implementing them. Our Russian counterparts could show up at our base at any time with only a few-hours’ notice. They had access to the most highly sensitive areas. They would measure; they would observe; they would talk; they had incredibly sophisticated ways of verifying that we were complying with elements of the START Treaty, as we did with Russia. 
These elements, in my opinion, are 
one of the keys to making sure that this treaty that the President is nego-tiating is successful, which brings us then to, really, one of our central ques-tions, because I learned from my own experience that, for a treaty as sophis-ticated as this would have to be to be successful, there has to be a modicum of trust, an element of trust, between the two parties—a grain, a core of trust—where they both want the treaty to succeed. I don’t know if we have that now. 
I had the opportunity to address this 
concern with Secretary Kerry just last week. I asked him very simply: Can you name me a single example where the United States or our allies for gen-erations have had a positive, construc-tive experience with Iran? Can you show me any example of how they have worked with us in a positive manner? He could not provide me with a single example. 
Once again, this is one of the central 
questions that we have to address, so let’s ask this question: Can we trust Iran? Let me explain to you why I think the answer to that is ‘‘no.’’ 
You see this map beside me. This in-
dicates Iran’s range of influence around the world, and it reaches, as you see, from North Korea, through central Asia, through the Middle East, through parts of Europe, to South America and to Mexico. Iran has been a state spon-sor of terrorism for more than 30 years. They, by themselves, have developed an extensive military complex—the De-fense Industries Organization, as they call it. The DIO is able to supply Iran with all of the materials that they need in order to carry out their ter-rorist activities around the world—all of the ammunition, all of the equip-ment, all of the weapons. In fact, Iran is the primary supplier 
of the weapons and ammunition of two other officially recognized state spon-sors of terror—Sudan and Syria. It is the primary sponsor of a number of listed foreign terrorist organizations, including Hezbollah and Hamas and nu-merous Shi’a militias in Iraq. 
Iran has directed the terrorist activi-
ties of numerous of these Shi’a mili-tias, and let me point out this fact: over the last dozen years or so, these Iranian-backed militias have been re-sponsible for the deaths of hundreds of American soldiers working in the the-ater. Hundreds of American soldiers have lost their lives due to the direct activities of Iran. 
As I mentioned, and as you can see 
on the map, they engage in narcotics trafficking and human smuggling in Mexico. In the tri-border area of Brazil and Argentina and Paraguay, Hezbollah has a safe haven for recruit-ing, training, and fundraising. Even Venezuela is, similarly, a safe haven. In India, they provide support for Syed 
Kalbe Jawad, who is recruiting Shi’a militias to fight in Iraq and Syria. They cooperate with North Korea in cyber warfare. The list of their inter-ventions in a negative and a destruc-tive way around the world is, indeed, very long. 
b2015 
They are a strategic ally of Russia 
and China. They provide port facilities. They are a strategic ally of North Korea. They have cooperated with North Korea to develop ballistic mis-siles. 
So, once again, let me come back to 
my conversation with the Secretary of State, where I ask him: Can you give us a single example of a positive or constructive alliance or agreement or partnership that we have had with this Nation of Iran? 
And the answer has, once again, been 
no. 
Iranian leaders have stated their ob-
jective is to destroy Israel and, of course, the great Satan, the U.S. In fact, I can show you. 
Look at this picture, and you may 
wonder what it is. It is not something taken from World War II or from an-other war. This actually happened last week, where Iran completed a success-ful exercise in a simulated attack on a U.S. aircraft carrier. Does that sound like the activity of a potential partner? 
Hezbollah has stockpiled approxi-
mately 60,000 surface-to-surface rock-ets in Lebanon. Hamas has stockpiled approximately 10,000 surface-to-surface rockets in Gaza. Iran is, of course, the primary supplier of both of these, and their stated purpose is to destroy Israel, to wipe it off the map. 
As the current Iranian President 
Rouhani said: ‘‘The Zionist regime has been a wound in the body of the Is-lamic world for years, and the wound should be removed.’’ 
The former President said, in 2012, 
that Iran has no roots in the Middle East and that it would be eliminated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR7.009 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1519 March 2, 2015 
So let me conclude my part of this 
hour by emphasizing once again that Iran has demonstrated several genera-tions now of destructive, war-like, deadly activities around the world de-signed to destroy Israel, designed to weaken or destroy the United States, killing American soldiers overseas, and this is the partner that we think we can trust with one of the most critical issues of our day. I hope the President realizes the danger that we would face if they prove not to be a reliable part-ner. 
I will let others share in my time 
today. First, I would like to invite my friend, D
ENNIS ROSS from Florida, a 
member of the Financial Services Com-mittee, to speak. 
Mr. ROSS. I thank my good friend 
from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). 
Madam Speaker, on November 4, 1979, 
the American Embassy in Tehran was seized and Iranians held 50 American hostages for more than 444 days. Each year, on November 4, Iranians cele-brate death to America day to com-memorate the 1979 seizure of our Em-bassy. So while we are celebrating Thanksgiving, President’s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, and Labor Day, for the last 35 years, Iran has been celebrating, once a year, death to America day. The party with whom we are negotiating nuclear capa-bilities celebrates death to America day. 
In 1983, two car bombs exploded in 
Beirut, killing 300 United States ma-rines. Iranian-backed Hezbollah mili-tants claimed responsibility for this mass murder. 
Make no mistake, Iran is the lead 
sponsor of radical Islamic terrorism throughout the world today, including sleeper cells in the United States. 
As Mr. S
TEWART just pointed out, 
last week, Iran’s Revolutionary Guard staged war games in the Strait of Hormuz. When they blew up that mock U.S. aircraft carrier, Iran’s Supreme Leader, the Ayatollah Khamenei, pro-claimed that ‘‘Americans are ready to be buried at the bottom of the water’’— the supreme commander, leader of the party with whom we are negotiating a nuclear capabilities deal. 
Madam Speaker, my point is that 
Iran has a ruthless track record of ter-rorizing the West, including the United States. Let’s be perfectly clear: Iran wants to destroy America, as they claim every November 4, and as they demonstrated last week in the Strait of Hormuz. Iran is a nuclear threshold state. 
Recently, just 2 weeks ago, I had the 
privilege of traveling to Israel and meeting with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu. During my visit, the Prime Minister and I discussed in great detail the threat posed by Iran to Israel and the region. Iran openly de-clares its intention to destroy the State of Israel. 
Today, Iran has the largest and most 
diverse missile arsenal in the Middle East. The missiles are capable of car-rying nuclear and chemical weaponry 
within a rage of 1,500 miles. With bared teeth, Iran, in conjunction with North Korea, is developing a longer range missile capable of reaching the United States. In just a few years, they will have that technology. 
I am deeply concerned about the cur-
rent round of negotiations between President Obama and Iran. The current deal coming out of the White House would allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons after 10 years. A long-term deal that allows Iran to develop nu-clear capabilities only strengthens the hand of Iran and fortifies their deter-mination to destroy Israel, dominate the Middle East, the Muslim world, and the entire globe, including the United States. 
Iran says its nuclear program is en-
tirely for peaceful purposes and not aimed at developing nuclear weapons. However, Madam Speaker, history is replete with examples that argue quite the opposite. Iran is not our friend. Iran should never be allowed to develop nuclear weapons. 
Madam Speaker, I look forward to 
hearing Prime Minister Netanyahu de-tail his opposition to this agreement that would grant Iran a license to de-velop nuclear weapons. 
President Obama cannot unilaterally 
implement this dangerous plan. Con-gress has the responsibility to prevent this foreign policy disaster from ever occurring. We must stand firmly with Israel. Unless Iran is willing to forgo its entire nuclear program, the United States should not ease sanctions and should allow Iran to become a nuclear state. 
Mr. STEWART. Thank you, Mr. 
R
OSS, for your comments tonight and 
for your defense of these concerns that we have. 
I would ask the question, to empha-
size something that you said, sir: Why is Iran building ICBMs? 
As Charles Krauthammer pointed out 
in the last few days in an article, he said: You don’t build ICBMs to deliver dynamite. 
It is very clear what their intentions 
are, I would think. And although we will come back to this, I would like to follow up with one other point that you made. But before we do that, let me turn the time now to my friend, Mr. R
OGER WILLIAMS from Texas. He also 
serves on the House Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Madam Speaker, on 
Tuesday, Israel’s Prime Minister will make a direct appeal to the American people. His plea will not be made in front of cameras at a press conference. They will not be made from his home country 6,000 miles away. Tomorrow morning, Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu will stand right here behind me at this podium to ad-dress this Congress. 
The Prime Minister will speak before 
us to directly petition Congress and the American people because, sadly, he has, like so many, lost faith in the abilities of our Commander in Chief. 
The Prime Minister has lost faith in an administration whose foreign policy summarized the President’s guiding ad-vice: Don’t do stupid stuff. 
He no longer trusts this American 
President, whose aids slander his name to the press. He is skeptical about the State Department’s trust above all else policy with Iran, whose leaders have publicly proclaimed their desire for Israel to be wiped off the map. He re-grets the President’s inability to out-right condemn Hamas, a U.S.-des-ignated terrorist organization, without blaming Israel in the same sentence. 
Mr. Netanyahu has rightly ques-
tioned America’s once unwavering commitment to his homeland, Israel— Israel, our partner, our ally, but most importantly, our friend. 
Madam Speaker, we have responsi-
bility—no, we have a commitment—to watch over and protect our greatest ad-vocate in the Middle East. To my col-leagues in this body that do not believe in the United States’ moral obligation to watch over Israel, I remind them about the United States’ strategic obli-gation. Israel’s interests are closely aligned with ours. Israel benefits from a secure America, just as America ben-efits in having a secure, stable, and trustworthy ally in a very volatile, dangerous region. 
Despite my personal beliefs that 
America has a moral obligation to en-sure Israel’s peace and prosperity, I cannot disregard the obvious strategic benefits our relationship has brought us. The Obama administration’s inabil-ity to realize this twofold bond be-tween the United States and Israel il-lustrates how out of touch they really are. 
Mr. Prime Minister, I welcome you to 
the Chamber of the United States House of Representatives. 
Mr. President, you and your sup-
porters who refuse to meet with our friend, I must remind you of your for-eign policy advice. Simply, you said: Don’t do stupid stuff. 
In God we trust. Mr. STEWART. Thank you, Mr. W
IL-
LIAMS . 
I can’t let the moment pass without 
reemphasizing something you said: Don’t do stupid stuff. 
Is it stupid to trust Iran? Is it stupid 
to negotiate an agreement that is fa-tally flawed? And I have deep concerns about this agreement in that it is fa-tally flawed. 
For example, and perhaps most glar-
ingly, there is this provision that al-lows for a sunset. We are not pre-cluding Iran from developing nuclear weapons. In the very best case sce-nario, we are simply delaying them from developing nuclear weapons. 
How in the world is it within the in-
terest of the United States or our allies in the region or others in the area, as well, to simply say we are going to stop you from developing nuclear weapons for 10 years, which is reportedly one of the provisions of this agreement? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.029 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1520 March 2, 2015 
That doesn’t stop them. It delays 
them. It delays them only if it assumes that they adhere to the agreement, something that many of us are very skeptical about. 
I could elaborate, but let me turn the 
time now to my friend, R
OBERT  
PITTENGER from North Carolina. We 
came to Congress together. He is active in the foreign affairs community, and, I am proud to say, he is the chairman of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional War-fare. 
Mr. P
ITTENGER . 
Mr. PITTENGER. Thank you, my 
good friend, Congressman S TEWART , for 
your leadership tonight on the very im-portant timing of this, precluding the important meetings we will have this week. 
Madam Speaker, I am here tonight to 
pay tribute and gratitude to Prime Minister Netanyahu for taking the time to come to the United States to express his grave concern over the per-ilous threat that he sees for the United States and for Israel. 
Since 1948, with the inception of 
Israel, they have been a steadfast, loyal, democratic ally for the United States. They have stood strong as a surrogate on our behalf, fighting ter-rorism, Hamas, Hezbollah, and al Qaeda. 
Being there in Israel last week, in 
the Golan Heights, I saw young men and women, 20 and 21 years old, in the tank division prepared for battle. They were courageous. Down in Gaza, the same type of commitment. They had the recognition of the realities of those missiles firing across, those missiles that are funded by Iran. 
I met with the Prime Minister and I 
asked him the same question I asked him a year ago: Mr. Prime Minister, at such time that you need America, will America be there for you? 
The best answer he could say was: 
Congressman, I hope so. 
What a sad commentary on a rela-
tionship that we have with our most important ally in the Middle East. 
The footprint of the terrorism of Iran 
is throughout the Middle East and, yes, throughout the world. They have been the primary funding agent for ter-rorism for the last 35 years. Every inci-dent that you have seen in Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon, Yemen and other parts has their hand of funding and commit-ment. 
b2030 
The Prime Minister understands the 
critical role that is played in address-ing this threat. Like Winston Church-ill, he is coming to America to awaken the world to this perilous threat, a threat that Winston Churchill saw, that he spoke of time and again. While the world allowed Germany to take Austria and Czechoslovakia, we de-ferred, we appeased, we thought noth-ing else would happen. 
We have given concession after con-
cession after concession to Iran, $12 bil-lion in repatriated oil profits have been 
remunerated back to Iran. We have fueled their economy, sustaining their economy, enabling them to go forward. 
You know, in any negotiation—and I 
have been involved in many—you suc-ceed with your adversary when you tighten the screws, not when you loos-en them. We have had an inverse effect in this entire communication and dia-logue with Iran. 
What we have done has created an 
entity that is willing and able to con-tinue this further negotiation because we have sustained their economy. Yes, the oil prices have come down, but what if we had kept the screws on them? 
You know, the Soviet Union came to 
the table back in the late 1970s and the early 1980s and through the 1980s. Why did that happen? Because we had sus-tained economic pressure, sustained political pressure, sustained military pressure, sustained human rights pres-sure—we kept the pressure on. 
We have relieved the pressure from 
Iran; and, as a result, we are faced with the consequences now where they have changed the entire narrative. The nar-rative in the beginning was: Should Iran have nuclear materials? Now, the narrative is: What level of nuclear ma-terials should we allow Iran to have? That is how much we have lost in this process. 
This is no time to be weak-kneed. 
This is a time to work with our allies in the Middle East. I have been and sat down with the Crown Prince in United Arab Emirates. I have sat down with the Emir in Qatar and with President el-Sisi. They all understand the gravity of terrorism. They all understand the issue of Iran. The world sees this threat. This is no time to appease; this is no time to defer. 
This is the time to be strong. Ronald 
Reagan was strong. The world knew America was strong—yet he never fired a shot, and the Wall came down. When America is strong, the world is at peace. God help us to understand the gravity of this hour, the importance of the message that will come from Prime Minister Netanyahu. 
Mr. STEWART. I thank Mr. 
P
ITTENGER for his remarks and for the 
great work that he does as the chair-man of the Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare. 
I have to interject here for just a mo-
ment something that others have al-luded to as well, and that is this idea of a sunset provision. We have to recog-nize what a dramatic change in policy that is. 
It is no longer our policy that we 
would not allow Iran to have nuclear weapons. It is simply our policy if that provision is agreed to that we would delay them from having nuclear weap-ons. 
The sunset provision allows them to 
grow their economy. It lifts the sanc-tions. They can sell their oil. They can continue to finance terror operations around the world, all under the under-standing that, in 10 years, they could 
resume their nuclear program. Again, that assumes that they don’t cheat in the interim which is, in my opinion, likely that they will. 
Let me ask this question: Why a sun-
set provision? Do you think the world is going to be more stable in 10 years than it is now? Will Iran become our trusted friend and ally over the next 10 years? Will they lose all of their re-gional ambitions? It will lead inevi-tably to a dangerous and chaotic and destabilizing arms race in the region. 
Let me quote our own President. In 
an interview with The Atlantic about 3 years ago, he said: ‘‘It will not be toler-able to a number of States in that re-gion for Iran to have a nuclear weapon and them not to have a nuclear weapon . . . and so the dangers of an Iran get-ting nuclear weapons that then leads to a free-for-all in the Middle East is something that I think would be very dangerous for the world.’’ 
Mr. President, I could not agree 
more, which is why it makes no sense for your agreement to contain any-thing close to a sunset provision that allows them to develop their nuclear weapons a few years down the road. 
I would like to turn the time now to 
the gentleman from New Jersey, my friend T
OMMACARTHUR . He serves on 
the House Committee on Armed Serv-ices, as well as the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. He is one of the bright, young Members of the Congress. 
Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today with so many of my col-leagues to not only reaffirm our friend-ship with the State of Israel, but to ex-press my deep appreciation for it. 
Our two countries share an unbreak-
able commitment to the democratic ideals of individual, religious, and eco-nomic freedom. Israel stands as a bea-con of democracy in a region charac-terized by political repression. For that, she should be honored and pro-tected. 
Our friendship with Israel should not 
be a political talking point. It shouldn’t be a friendship of conven-ience. We can’t settle merely for main-taining the relationship between our two countries. We must strengthen it. Too often, we talk about the threats to Israel or what is in Israel’s interest. 
Madam Speaker, a threat to Israel is 
a threat to us. Israel’s interest is our interest. As our closest ally in a highly unstable part of the world, Israel faces countless threats and challenges to her very existence. Without qualification or hesitation, the United States must stand by Israel’s right to defend herself 
against terrorism and aggression by those who would do her harm. 
The rise of the Islamic State and the 
growing instability in the region re-mind us that we cannot take our ally for granted. We must stand against a nuclear-capable Iran, as we have heard tonight, a very real and imminent threat that would jeopardize not only our ally, not only this region, but the freedom Israel deserves and the sta-bility of the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.030 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1521 March 2, 2015 
The partnership between the United 
States and Israel is strong. Our shared history of cultural exchange and col-laboration has enriched countless lives. Our open lines of trade have benefited not just Israel, but both of our great countries. 
This is a friendship that will endure 
for generations, but we have to commit ourselves to it. If we continue our ro-bust military aid and cooperation to Israel to ensure her security in the re-gion, then the United States and Israel will continue to stand together as shin-ing examples of democracy and free-dom in the world. 
Mr. STEWART. Madam Speaker, I 
would like to thank my friend, Mr. M
ACARTHUR . 
I now recognize another friend, some-
one who I have come to respect tre-mendously from the tireless work that she does on the House Committee on Armed Services and has become a lead-er among her peers here in Congress, the gentlelady from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. I thank the gen-
tleman from Utah, and I commend those of my colleagues tonight who are here as well talking about the existen-tial threat of a nuclear Iran. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to ex-
press my deepest concern over the growing threat of a nuclear Iran and the threat it poses to the rest of the world. Satellite images show that Iran’s nuclear weapons can reach the eastern seaboard of the United States. 
If Iran, the world’s largest state 
sponsor of terrorism, achieves nuclear weapons capability, the effects would be catastrophic. While it is certain that a rogue Iran would target Israel as a one-bomb country, it is also certain that the U.S. is their target and final target. 
News from last week’s nuclear nego-
tiations with Iran is troubling. Iran will be allowed the right to enrich, re-tain thousands of centrifuges—which they don’t deserve—and build a pluto-nium reactor, which they should never have practical need of; yet during these talks, they continue to obstruct in-spectors, who reported last week about the possible existence in Iran of undis-closed development of a nuclear pay-load for a missile. 
What is more disturbing is that 
amidst of a hurting economy and harsh sanctions, Iran still managed to find a way to build, develop, and test their nuclear weapons capability. 
Can you imagine the possibility of 
their capability if the current adminis-tration were to even lift those sanc-tions? One thing is very clear. We have made too many compromises since try-ing to broker a deal with Iran, and there have been too little consequences for their unwillingness to cooperate. 
Past administrations were adamant 
that our position was zero enrichment and zero centrifuges. Under President Obama, this has been abandoned as being unrealistic. Negotiations began with an offer to end Iranian enrich-ment. Now, today, the deal is a tem-
porary arrangement that allows a strong, internationally authorized nu-clear program. 
If we lift sanctions and legitimize 
their nuclear developments, we are sending a signal to the rest of the world that a rogue state can disobey all rules, maintain their supply of ille-gal enrichment, and still get inter-national leaders to approve an enrich-ment program. 
A nuclear-armed Iran would dramati-
cally change the balance of power in the Middle East and threaten freedom and peace for the rest of the world. They would clearly spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East and de-stabilize the entire region. 
Other nations, like Egypt, Turkey, 
and others will have no choice but to develop their own nuclear programs to protect their countries from the threat of Iran, not to mention that Iran will likely share their nuclear technology and know-how with extremist groups hostile to not only the United States, but also to our allies in the West. 
If there is to be any hope of reaching 
a peaceful deal and if Iran wants pros-perity and success for its own people, it must stop its pursuit of a nuclear weapon, sponsorship of terrorism, and human rights abuses. 
If they truly want to move forward, 
they must give inspectors unfettered access to covert facilities. Iran has to cooperate and stop obstructing inspec-tors. Preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability is the sur-est way to prevent war and preserve peace. 
As this unrest continues, the United 
States must maintain our rich partner-ship with our allies, including Israel, who is our closest ally in the Middle East. I welcome Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu to the people’s House tomorrow. 
Mr. STEWART. Mrs. W
ALORSKI and 
the other speakers bring up many good points. Let me emphasize just a few of them if I could. 
The New York Times reported just 
last week that the IAEA said Iran was still refusing to answer questions re-garding its previous weapons program. Even in the midst of negotiating with the administration, they are still refus-ing to answer questions about their previous nuclear weapons program. 
I think the administration, even now, 
has refused to release the full text of the deal. It has even been reported that there is an informal side deal that is something like a 30-plus page text. 
These facts prevent observers, like 
myself and others, who are interested and concerned, from determining what constitutes cheating by the Iranians. There are so many other reasons that we are concerned about this. 
Let me just mention one more very 
quickly. It was reported that Iran can still produce enough nuclear material to fuel a bomb in as little as 2 months. In as little as 2 months, they would be a breakout nation that would keep the region—and, in fact, the entire world— 
on a knife’s edge, wondering if they would make the decision to weaponize and to break out. Those are some of the concerns that we have. 
Let me recognize my friend, the gen-
tleman from Ohio, B
RADWENSTRUP . He 
is a past Army Reserve officer—thank you, sir, for your service. He is a doc-tor. He serves with me on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, as well as he serves on the Committee on Armed Services. 
Dr. W
ENSTRUP . 
b2045 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Thank you, Con-
gressman S TEWART . I thank you for 
your service to our Nation in the Air Force and your service to our Nation here in Congress. I thank you for orga-nizing this event here on the floor to-
night. 
As my colleagues have highlighted 
this evening, on the eve of Prime Min-ister Netanyahu’s address to Congress, we stand with Israel and the Israeli people, shoulder to shoulder, in the face of growing Islamic extremism. The United States was the first country to recognize Israel upon its founding in the years after World War II. 
Madam Speaker, it took us just 11 
minutes to recognize the new nation cradled along the Mediterranean, in the land of Judea. Time and time again since then, Israel has been besieged, but our relationship has always stood firm, and that is because our friendship is built on the shared values of democ-racy, free enterprise, respect for life, and a commitment to a lasting peace. 
Madam Speaker, I contend that when 
your very existence is in question and your neighbors vow to wipe you off the map, it is more than helpful to have a committed ally; it is necessary for your very survival. 
Whether by the threat of terror tun-
nels and rocket barrages or the loom-ing nuclear aspirations of Iran, now is not the time to turn away from our friend Israel. 
In these challenging times, I am dis-
appointed when I hear disparaging comments coming from our own gov-ernment directed towards our friends in Israel. I am disappointed when an anonymous senior Obama administra-tion official describes the Prime Min-ister with words I can’t repeat in this Chamber. 
I am disappointed when National Se-
curity Adviser Susan Rice calls the visit of our ally ‘‘destructive.’’ I am disappointed when my colleagues pub-licly turn their back on our ally and boycott the Prime Minister’s speech. 
To them, I say: ‘‘Let us make it clear 
that we will never turn our backs on our steadfast friends in Israel, whose adherence to the democratic way must be admired by all friends of freedom.’’ These aren’t my words, Madam Speak-er. These are the words of John F. Ken-nedy 56 years ago, and they still ring true today. 
In stark contrast to the resolute 
JFK, the President is asking Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.031 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1522 March 2, 2015 
to stand silently to the side in his 
quest to negotiate with Iran. I cannot do that. In these perilous times, we can’t afford silence. Iran’s unhindered quest for a nuclear weapon and support for global terrorism threatens the sta-bility of the Middle East, the security of our allies in the region, and the very existence of Israel. 
Just last week, Iran conducted mili-
tary drills to sink a replica Nimitz class aircraft carrier. While it made for some great propaganda film, I can’t say it builds my confidence in Iran as nego-tiating in good faith. These hostile ac-tions shouldn’t be rewarded with fur-ther appeasement. 
Madam Speaker, I daresay that this 
administration is more willing to nego-tiate with Iran than with Congress. If this administration was as firm in ne-gotiating with Iran as with veto threats, we might actually stop Iran from getting the bomb. 
We have a close ally in a dangerous 
region of the world and must stand strong. We are seeing too vividly the threat of radical Islam as its depravity sweeps across the Middle East. There is no more urgent of a time than right now for Congress to unequivocally stand with Israel. 
Tomorrow, Israeli Prime Minister 
Binyamin Netanyahu will be in this very Chamber speaking to Congress. The subject matter is timely: the threat of a nuclear Iran. In recent years, I have heard the leaders of Ukraine and South Korea address Con-gress, and we will soon hear from lead-ers of Afghanistan and the Vatican as well. 
I understand that President Ashraf 
Ghani of Afghanistan was invited in ex-actly the same manner as Prime Min-ister Netanyahu. It is curious as to why we don’t hear the same roar of dis-approval. 
We know that a nuclear Iran would 
tilt the balance of power across the re-gion and across the world, throwing weight to the ill intentioned and the evil terrorist actors. This is a message that bears repeating again and again, whether by me or by the Prime Min-ister of Israel or by anybody who rec-ognizes the threat. 
As steadfast allies in our commit-
ment to freedom, democracy, and peace, I welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu tomorrow. 
Mr. STEWART. Thank you, Dr. 
W
ENSTRUP . 
So we conclude our time tonight. Do 
you sense, do you understand, those of you who are listening and watching, do you see that we have legitimate and deeply-held concerns about the direc-tion that this administration is mov-ing? There are so many questions. Can we trust Iran? 
You have seen and heard example 
after example of how they have worked against our interests, how they have been a destructive influence in so many parts of the world. 
We ask the question, as I asked Sec-
retary Kerry last week: Can you give me a single example of them 
partnering with us or any of our allies in any positive way? The answer was no. 
Are we being true to our allies? Israel 
is our only friend and ally in a chaotic part of the world. They recognize and respect human rights, including minor-ity rights, including the rights of women. 
They have called this an existential 
threat. There is a reason they call Israel a one-bomb nation. That is all it would take to destroy their entire country. Could we allow ourselves to be put in a position where that might be their reality? Is this in agreement with our own national interest? 
Remember the map that I showed 
you, North Korea, throughout Asia, the Middle East, Central and South Amer-ica, even on our borders of Mexico. 
Finally, Madam Speaker, I hope the 
President understands our concerns. I hope he isn’t so determined to add a feather in his legacy cap that would conclude an agreement that endangers our allies or our own national interest. 
I sit on the House Select Committee 
on Intelligence. I am reminded almost daily in the briefings that we have that we live in a dangerous and chaotic world. It is unpredictable. It is becom-ing more so. It is dark and chaotic. 
As Abraham Lincoln said, we are the 
‘‘last best hope of Earth.’’ That was true when he said it. It is true when I taught my children that. It will still be true when my children teach my grand-children, but it will only be true if we stand by those principles that allow us to secure our own freedom and to pro-tect the interests of our allies to whom we have made meaningful and impor-tant promises. 
With that, we conclude this time, 
asking the President to listen to our concerns and to address them as he moves forward with this critically im-portant issue. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
COMSTOCK ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of 
rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 53 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2130 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 9 o’clock and 30 
minutes p.m. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 749, PASSENGER RAIL RE-FORM AND INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2015, THROUGH MARCH 13, 2015 
Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–36) on the resolution (H. Res. 134) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Fed-eral support for passenger rail pro-grams, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for proceedings during the pe-riod from March 6, 2015, through March 13, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C RENSHAW (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of 
travel delays due to inclement weath-er. 
Mr. T
ONKO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of attend-
ing a funeral. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker on Friday, February 27, 2015: 
H.R. 33. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, March 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
614. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report, pursuant to Pub. L. 106-569; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
615. A letter from the Deputy Director, Ad-
ministration for Children and Families, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Head Start Program (RIN: 0970-AC46) re-ceived February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
616. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, CCIIO, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Patient Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MR7.033 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1523 March 2, 2015 
and Affordable Care Act; HHS Notice of Ben-
efit and Payment Parameters for 2016 [CMS- 9944-F] (RIN: 0938-AS19) received February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
617. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2013 Performance Report to Congress for the Of-fice of Combination Products, as required by the Medical Device User Fee and Moderniza-tion Act of 2002; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
618. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Final Re-port to Congress on the Implementation of Section 3507 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
619. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Use of Mandatory Recall Au-thority’’, submitted pursuant to Sec. 206f of the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. 111-353; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
620. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Homeland Defense and Global Security, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Cooperative Threat Reduction (CTR) Annual Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2016, in accordance with Sec. 1341, 1342 and 1343 of the Department of Defense Coop-erative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C.); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
621. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Assistance to Foreign Atomic Energy Activi-ties (RIN: 1994-AA02) received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
622. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination, pursuant to Sec. 451 of the Foreign Assistance Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
623. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 14-146, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
624. A letter from the Chief Information 
Security Officer, Homeland Security, trans-mitting the Department’s FY 2014 Federal Information Security Management Act Re-port and Privacy Management Report, as di-rected by Pub. L. 107-347; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
625. A letter from the District of Columbia 
Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘The District of Columbia Board of Elections Election Day Preparation and Administra-tion Can Be Improved’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
626. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; 2006 Consolidated Atlantic Highly Migratory Species (HMS) Fishery Management Plan; Amendment 7; Correction [Docket No.: 120328229-5064-03] (RIN: 0648-BC09) received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
627. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-
porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 120328229-4949-02] (RIN: 0648- XD672) received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
628. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648- XD750) received February 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
629. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Adjustments to 2015 Annual Catch Limits [Docket No.: 141002820-5113-01] (RIN: 0648-XD536) received February 24, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
630. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648- XD744) received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
631. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648-XD725) received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
632. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Proc-essors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 131021878- 4158-02] (RIN: 0648-XD758) received February 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
633. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pe-lagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Trip Limit Reduction [Dock-et No.: 001005281-0369-02] (RIN: 0648-XD717) re-ceived February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
634. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648-XD728) received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
635. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-
partment’s quarterly report from the Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties for the second quarter of FY 2014, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-1(f); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
636. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Foreign Tax Credit Splitting Events [TD 9710] (RIN: 1545-BK50) received February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
637. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Work Opportunity Tax Credit (WOTC) Extension for 2014 [Notice 2015-13] received February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
638. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Round 2 of Section 48A Phase III Pro-gram under the Qualifying Advanced Coal Project Program [Notice 2015-14] received February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
639. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — March 2015 (Rev. Rul. 2015-4) received February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
640. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Small Business Modifications to Tangibles Method Changes (Rev. Proc. 2015- 20) received February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
641. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Excise Tax on High Cost Employer- Sponsored Health Coverage [Notice 2015-16] received February 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
642. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) Program for Medicare Beneficiaries for Fis-cal Year 2011’’; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 280. A bill to author-ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to re-coup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–32, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1029. A bill to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authoriza-tion Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Ad-visory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–33). Referred to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02MR7.000 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1524 March 2, 2015 
Committee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1030. A bill to prohibit the Environmental Protec-tion Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible (Rept. 114–34). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 294. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently; with an amendment (Rept. 114–35). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 134. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 749) to re-authorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from March 6, 2015, through March 13, 2015 (Rept. 114–36). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 280 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. 
MEEKS ): 
H.R. 1188. A bill to amend the Federal 
Credit Union Act to provide certain credit unions with the authority to make addi-tional member business loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. KLINE (for himself, Mr. R
OEof 
Tennessee, and Mr. W ALBERG ): 
H.R. 1189. A bill to clarify rules relating to 
nondiscriminatory employer wellness pro-grams as such programs relate to premium discounts, rebates, or modifications to other-wise applicable cost sharing under group health plans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, 
Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SCHOCK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
Mrs. R OBY, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. H UN-
TER, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C ARTER  
of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. R IGELL , 
Ms. S INEMA , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Mr. N UNES , Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia, Mr. C ONAWAY , Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mr. D ENT, Mr. R OSS, Mr. H OLDING , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. B ARR, Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M URPHY of Penn-
sylvania, Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
RICE of South Carolina, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S MITH 
of Nebraska, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D UN-
CAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G UTH-
RIE, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. A MASH , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. R USSELL , 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. B ERA, Ms. E STY, Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. P OE 
of Texas, Mr. B RAT, Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. W EBSTER  
of Florida, Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. G OWDY , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. H ILL, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H URT of 
Virginia, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, 
Mr. P AULSEN , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. R EED, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1190. A bill to repeal the provisions of 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 1191. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. 
L
OEBSACK , Mr. W HITFIELD , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D UNCAN  
of South Carolina, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. N EAL, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Ms. G RANGER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. B UR-
GESS): 
H.R. 1192. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, 
and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. 
J
ONES , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
NORCROSS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S COTT 
of Virginia, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , 
and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1193. A bill to prohibit any reduction 
in the amount of the per diem allowance to which members of the uniformed services or civilian employees of the Department of De-fense are entitled based on the duration of temporary duty assignments or official trav-el, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 1194. A bill to strengthen families’ en-
gagement in the education of their children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. PITTENGER (for himself and 
Mr. H
ECKof Washington): 
H.R. 1195. A bill to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1196. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify rules relating to health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR7.012 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1525 March 2, 2015 
Committees on the Judiciary, and Energy 
and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself 
and Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina): 
H.R. 1197. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. 
J
OYCE , Mr. K EATING , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida): 
H.R. 1198. A bill to extend the right of ap-
peal to the Merit Systems Protection Board to certain employees of the United States Postal Service; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself, 
Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. C RAWFORD , and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas): 
H.R. 1199. A bill to prevent undue disrup-
tion of interstate commerce by limiting civil actions brought against persons whose only role with regard to a product in the stream of commerce is as a lawful seller of the prod-uct; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1200. A bill to provide for health care 
for every American and to control the cost and enhance the quality of the health care system; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Ways and Means, Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, Armed Services, and Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. GRANGER (for herself, Ms. 
B
ASS, and Mr. P OEof Texas): 
H.R. 1201. A bill to combat human traf-
ficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 1202. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the rec-ognition of attending physician assistants as attending physicians to serve hospice pa-tients, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-
ginia, and Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia): 
H.R. 1203. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to clarify that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency does not have the author-ity to disapprove a permit after it has been issued by the Secretary of the Army under section 404 of such Act; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1204. A bill to extend to the Mayor of 
the District of Columbia the same authority over the National Guard of the District of Columbia as the Governors of the several 
States exercise over the National Guard of those States with respect to administration of the National Guard and its use to respond to natural disasters and other civil disturb-ances, while ensuring that the President re-tains control of the National Guard of the District of Columbia to respond to homeland defense emergencies; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for him-
self, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , and Mr. 
HUELSKAMP ): 
H.R. 1205. A bill to end membership of the 
United States in the United Nations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 1206. A bill to prohibit the hiring of 
additional Internal Revenue Service employ-ees until the Secretary of the Treasury cer-tifies that no employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service has a seriously delinquent tax debt; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 1207. A bill to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to require the Secretary of Com-merce to develop a plan to conduct stock as-sessments for all stocks of fish for which a fishery management plan is in effect under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H. Res. 132. A resolution providing for the 
expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B UCK, Mr. P ALAZZO , 
and Mr. S ANFORD ): 
H. Res. 133. A resolution relating to consid-
eration of the bill (H.R. 240) appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself and Mrs. D
AVIS of California): 
H. Res. 135. A resolution encouraging peo-
ple in the United States to recognize March 2, 2015, as Read Across America Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H. Res. 136. A resolution recognizing Line-
men, the profession of Linemen, and the con-tributions of these brave men and women to protect public safety, and expressing support of designation of April 18, 2015, as National Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
11. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Legislature of the State of Florida, rel-ative to House Memorial 281, urging the President of the United States to issue final approval for construction and completion of the Keystone XL pipeline project; jointly to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 1188. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
U.S. Constitution to regulate commerce. 
By Mr. KLINE: 
H.R. 1189. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1190. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The repeal of this provision is consistent 
with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendment X to the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 1191. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 1192. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 1193. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1194. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18; and includ-
ing, but not solely limited to the 14th Amendment. 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 1195. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1196. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause 1 which 
states ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ In addition, Congress has the au-thority to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section VIII, Clause 3 which states ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: 
H.R. 1197. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 1198. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02MR7.100 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1526 March 2, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 and Clause 18 
of the Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 1199. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3, 9, and 18 of 
the Constitution 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1200. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Ms. GRANGER: 
H.R. 1201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 1202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 1203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1204. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: 
H.R. 1205. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is authorized by Article I, 
Section 8 of the Constitution: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 1206. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 1207. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 130: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 219: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 232: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 235: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, and Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 248: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 294: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 304: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . 
H.R. 353: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . 
H.R. 358: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. H IMES, and 
Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 359: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 393: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 394: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 402: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 470: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 509: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 537: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 559: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 578: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Mr. K LINE, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. 
GUTHRIE . 
H.R. 592: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 602: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
AMODEI . 
H.R. 663: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 703: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 708: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 747: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 768: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 769: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 775: Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S MITH 
of New Jersey, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia. 
H.R. 776: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
SHIMKUS , and Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 793: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
of Georgia, and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 802: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 816: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 823: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 824: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. 
GARRETT . 
H.R. 825: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. Y ODER , and 
Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 846: Ms. D ELAURO , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 855: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 860: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 863: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 868: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . H.R. 913: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 923: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 928: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. A SHFORD , and 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 944: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 951: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 960: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 970: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 985: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. W HIT-
FIELD . 
H.R. 1021: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 1024: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. F OSTER , Miss R ICEof New York, 
Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1025: Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
TAKANO , and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1031: Mr. S ABLAN and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1032: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1063: Mr. R EED, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. 
REICHERT . 
H.R. 1078: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. S ES-
SIONS . 
H.R. 1091: Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 1092: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 1093: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1094: Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1095: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1098: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1133: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1147: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. W EBER  
of Texas. 
H.R. 1149: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1153: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
LOUDERMILK . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.J. Res. 33: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. S MITH 
of Nebraska, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. S MITH 
of Missouri. 
H. Res. 11: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. R USH, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. T ONKO . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S IRES, Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. W ALZ. 
H. Res. 120: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR7.015 H02MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1207 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 2, 2015 No. 35 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Guide us, great God, for we are pil-
grims in this land. We are weak, but You are mighty. Guide us with Your powerful hands. Transform our mem-ory so that whenever we encounter challenges, we will recall how You have blessed us in the past. 
Today give our lawmakers insight to 
discern truth from untruth, the high from the low, and the enduring from the transient. May they discern truth through the illumination of Your sa-cred Word. May they know the high from the low through Your Holy Spir-it’s guidance. And may they distin-guish the enduring from the transient by numbering their days and becoming more aware of life’s brevity. Strong De-liverer, continue to be a shield for America. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
THIS WEEK IN THE SENATE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
week promises to be a busy one. Just across the street, an important ObamaCare case will be argued before the Supreme Court, and tomorrow, 
here in the Capitol, Israeli Prime Min-ister Netanyahu will address a joint session of Congress. It is an important speech that comes at a very important time. Iran’s longstanding determina-tion to develop nuclear capabilities poses a threat to Israel, America, and the world. It is a threat Netanyahu is singularly capable of explaining at such a critical moment in U.S.-Israeli relations. 
Meanwhile, the new Senate will con-
tinue to pursue good ideas for the mid-dle class. On the floor and in com-mittee, both this week and in the weeks to come, we expect to see more bipartisan action on behalf of the American people on a range of issues, from human trafficking to the NLRB. For instance, we will offer Senators a chance to stand tall for basic fairness in the workplace by overturning the administration’s ambush rule, which seeks to weaken workers’ rights, and we will keep up the fight for sensible, bipartisan ideas such as the Keystone jobs bill. 
This positive approach stands in 
stark contrast to the partisan posture we have seen from our friends on the other side of the aisle. 
The President’s veto of the bipar-
tisan Keystone bill represents a victory for partisanship and for powerful spe-cial interests. The President’s veto of the bipartisan Keystone bill represents a defeat for jobs, for infrastructure, and for the middle class. That is why Congress needs to try and overturn it. 
We had hoped to have that vote to-
morrow, but for some reason Demo-crats are actually filibustering that vote. It takes 67 votes to overcome a veto, more than the 60 required to overcome a filibuster. So there is no reason for a filibuster, other than to cause delay and gridlock simply for its own sake. 
It is certainly disappointing. But the 
new Congress won’t be deterred from fighting for jobs and the middle class. We will keep fighting for this good 
idea, and we will keep fighting for other good ideas. 
We will also keep up our fight to fund 
the Department of Homeland Security. The people watched Democrats fili-buster Homeland Security funding for weeks. On Friday they watched Demo-crats—including many who implied they would actually do something about the President’s overreach—fili-buster a commonsense bill from Sen-ator C
OLLINS . Now Americans are 
learning that Democrats might even try and prevent the Senate and the House of Representatives from recon-ciling their bills to get the Department funded. It just doesn’t make any sense, especially when we consider the words of the minority leader himself. He said that going to conference ‘‘has been the custom in the Senate and the House of Representatives for more than 200 years.’’ At 5:30 p.m. we will have a vote to do just that. We invite the minority leader and his party to join us in sup-porting this effort to go to conference. 
It is interesting to see the distance 
between rhetoric and reality with some of our good friends on the other side— not just on conferencing bills, not just on addressing the President’s over-reach, but also with the use of the fili-buster itself. Some of the folks who are now filibustering simply for the sake of delaying and causing gridlock are the same folks who used to denounce the use of the filibuster. It is easy to see that they really weren’t very serious. 
The truth is that a better way is pos-
sible for our colleagues. I invite our Democratic friends to drop all the neg-ativity, drop all the gridlock, and join Republicans in advancing a positive agenda for the American people in-stead. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S02MR5.REC S02MR5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1208 March 2, 2015 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 240, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
House Message to accompany H.R. 240, an 
act making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to insist upon the Sen-
ate amendment, agree to the request by the House of Representatives for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to ap-point conferees. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
THE ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER ’S SPEECH TO  
CONGRESS  
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, our 
strongest and most loyal ally in the Middle East faces a growing existential threat under the specter of a nuclear Iran. I am deeply troubled that our President’s solution won’t work. Rath-er than enforcing punitive measures that would stem Iran’s nuclear progress, this administration has opted for a policy of conciliation that does nothing to curb this growing threat. All the while, the threat to Israel grows stronger every day. 
Now more than ever the Congress and 
the American people must stand with our Israeli allies to ensure the safety and security not only of our two na-tions, but the Middle East as a whole. Far from being a political stunt, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s speech to a joint session of Congress provides our Nation with a vital oppor-tunity to demonstrate our unyielding resolve to stand with Israel and oppose Iran’s development of nuclear weapons. 
To demonstrate our solidarity with 
Israel, Congress should complement the Prime Minister’s address with the threat of sanctions that properly se-cure both of our countries against the Iranian threat. We must achieve three commonsense objectives: 
First, we must prevent Iran from de-
veloping or otherwise acquiring nu-clear weapons. 
Second, we should reaffirm that Iran 
does not have an inherent right to en-richment and reprocessing capabilities and technologies under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. 
Third, we must seek to reverse the 
development of Iran’s illicit nuclear in-frastructure and bring Iran into com-pliance with all United Nations Secu-
rity Council resolutions. 
President Obama has failed to realize 
that Iran poses a serious threat to the West, and our response to that threat must be equally serious. Prime Min-ister Netanyahu understands the pre-cariousness of the current situation, and he is doing his best to help us here in the United States understand. As the Prime Minister stated: ‘‘I am going to the United States not because I seek a confrontation with the president, but because I must fulfill my obligation to speak up on a matter that affects the very survival of my country.’’ 
The Prime Minister has good reason 
to be concerned. According to the Her-itage Foundation, since the Obama ad-ministration began to relax sanctions after an interim agreement was imple-mented, the Iranian economy grew by an estimated 4.6 percent in the first quarter of Iran’s calendar year—the first time it has grown after shrinking for the last 2 years under sanctions. 
As we lose leverage by relaxing sanc-
tions, we must not forget the most likely reason Iran agreed to negotia-tions in the first place was economic restrictions. When the Iranian Presi-dent Hassan Rouhani is reported to have said after the announcement of the Joint Plan of Action that ‘‘the cen-trifuges are spinning and will never stop,’’ should we curtail our efforts in the one area that appears to give Iran pause? 
Times such as these require strength 
of purpose, which is why we should clearly lay out a series of sanctions that will be imposed on Iran if negotia-tions fail. We should provide for short but reasonable periods of time for Con-gress, and, therefore, the American people, to consider if the Obama ad-ministration has succeeded in accom-plishing the three objectives necessary to prevent Iran from developing nu-clear weapons. 
Tomorrow, the Congress will hear 
from Prime Minister Netanyahu. In his message, I believe, he will tell us how we together can confront the growing Iranian threat. This is the time to rally as one Nation with one of our strongest allies to ensure a safe and se-cure world. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, 
tomorrow we will gather in the House Chamber to listen to an address from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. I welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu to Capitol Hill and eagerly await his speech. It is expected that he will paint a very vivid and very real picture of the danger a nuclear Iran poses not just to Israel but to the 
international community as a whole. This threat seems of little concern to the administration—so little, in fact, that the President almost immediately dismissed the idea of meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu while he is in Washington. This is disappointing, to say the least. 
Instead of taking the opportunity to 
join with us to reaffirm our support for the State of Israel, the administration has chosen to send the wrong message to our strongest ally in the region. Un-fortunately, this has become a pattern. While the administration’s official pol-icy has been supportive of Israel, ac-tions speak louder than words, and re-grettably this administration’s actions are often too quiet. This has not al-ways been the case. During his first term, President Obama fought Pales-tinian efforts to delegitimize Israel at the U.N. He made clear that such tac-tics were counterproductive to the peace process and that the Palestinians would put their relationship with us in jeopardy if they sought action against Israel at the International Criminal Court. 
Many Israelis are rightfully con-
cerned that we will not have their backs when the Palestinian Authority becomes a full member of the Inter-national Criminal Court and follows through on this threat. I raised this issue with Secretary Kerry during an Appropriations Committee hearing last week, reminding him that the law ex-plicitly prohibits funding for the Pales-tinian Authority if they initiate or ac-tively support an International Crimi-nal Court investigation into alleged Israeli war crimes. The Secretary said that the Palestinian Authority’s ac-tions amounted to a ‘‘terrible exercise in judgment’’ but stopped short of say-ing they have violated the law in a way that triggers the cutoff of aid. 
Three-quarters of this body—Repub-
licans and Democrats alike—don’t see it that way. We sent the Israeli people a strong bipartisan message of support when we called on Secretary Kerry to suspend economic aid while the State Department reviews the Palestinian Authority’s actions. According to Sec-retary Kerry’s response at the hearing, the State Department will wait to see what the Palestinians do after the first of April before making a decision on economic aid. By then it might be too late. 
This is exactly why the people of 
Israel are uneasy with the ongoing nu-clear negotiations. The same adminis-tration that once spoke out forcefully against these types of tactics now plays a game of wait-and-see with the Palestinians, somehow expecting them to be an honest partner this time around. 
Israel’s lack of confidence in the ad-
ministration’s support is certainly un-derstandable. Let’s not forget that this same administration employs high- level officials who publicly disrespect our ally, including at least one willing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.002 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1209 March 2, 2015 
to use derogatory language to call 
Prime Minister Netanyahu names dur-ing a media interview. Every time that happens, the administration carries on as though these breaches of diplomatic protocol are irrelevant to the U.S.- Israeli relations. The administration sees these actions as having no bearing on the deteriorating state of relations between the two heads of state. Yet, if Prime Minister Netanyahu dares to speak up, the administration labels Israel a problem child—case in point: the President’s National Security Ad-viser calling this upcoming address from Prime Minister Netanyahu ‘‘de-structive of the fabric of the relation-ship.’’ Accepting an invitation from the Speaker of the House to address Congress on the severity of the nuclear threat posed by the regime in Tehran is only destructive for U.S.-Israeli rela-tions in the President’s eyes because he wants to keep Congress in the dark about the ongoing negotiations. This administration seems intent on doing just that. 
Not content with the message the 
Prime Minister is likely to deliver, the administration has moved from ac-tively trying to subvert his address to Congress. According to the Associated Press, the Obama administration is ac-
tively considering ways to undermine the Prime Minister’s visit. Why is that? Could it be that the Prime Min-ister sees the flaws of any agreement the Paris talks will yield, and does the administration want to keep this from Congress? 
As the talks extend on and Tehran 
engages in more delay tactics, it is ap-parent that the Obama administration is pursuing a weaker deal with Iran that will allow the country to continue its illicit nuclear program. This agree-ment has become a must-win for Presi-dent Obama, so he is willing to concede key requirements that Congress and members of his administration have previously outlined in order to get the Iranians to sign on the dotted line. Any agreement will be a victory in the Obama administration’s eyes. 
Our longstanding policy that the Ira-
nian regime must abandon its nuclear ambitions is itself being abandoned. As former Secretary of State Henry Kis-singer noted in his recent testimony to the Armed Services Committee, the Paris talks have long moved from eliminating Iran’s ability to enrich uranium to limiting and monitoring a smaller program that would be unable to produce the material for a warhead in less than a year’s time. This is a far cry from the starting point Secretary Kerry once argued when he said: ‘‘No deal is better than a bad deal’’ with Iran. Now we seem to be moving the goalposts from the dismantling of Iran’s nuclear program to containing it. That is not what the President told us these talks were going to accom-plish. That is not what six U.N. resolu-tions intended to prevent. That is cer-tainly not something this Congress should allow to happen without our say. Nothing short of full elimination of 
Iran’s nuclear program could honestly be considered a victory. If these talks fail to produce an agreement that re-quires that of Iran, Congress must have the authority to reject it. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, in an 
hour and a half the Senate will vote on the House request to go to conference on the Department of Homeland Secu-rity appropriations bill. This push by House Republicans to go to conference is the very definition of an exercise in futility. I have been very clear for days now that we will not go to conference. The majority knows that, and the Speaker of the House knows that. Sen-ate Democrats will not support going to conference because it would be to-tally counterproductive. 
House Republicans have no intention 
of using that conference to craft legis-lation that will pass both Houses of Congress, and in so doing they would make sure we had a shutdown of Home-land Security, and that would be very bad for the country. 
House Republicans want to take a 
bill that they negotiated, a bill that was written by House and Senate Re-publicans and Democrats last Decem-ber—it was a bipartisan, bicameral bill, and now they want to take that bill and turn it into something that cannot pass. That won’t happen. We will not be a party to yet another charade by House Republicans because that would inevitably shut down Homeland Secu-rity and put our Nation at risk—and that is an understatement. 
The Senate should reaffirm our bi-
partisan vote last Friday for a clean bill to prevent a shutdown. We had 68 votes. We can do it again, and we should do it again. That vote will hap-pen at 5:30 p.m. this afternoon. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 240, an act making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom 
Cotton, John Barrasso, Bob Corker, Susan M. Collins, Michael B. Enzi, John Hoeven, John McCain, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Shelley Moore Capito, Deb Fischer, Thad Coch-ran, Orrin G. Hatch, Joni Ernst, John Boozman. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum under rule XXII be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
THE ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER ’S SPEECH TO  
CONGRESS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, 
during the 2012 Presidential campaign, President Obama made a claim. His claim was: ‘‘I have Israel’s back.’’ This week President Obama and his admin-istration are turning their back on Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, and they are doing it right here during the Prime Minister’s visit to Washington. 
While he won’t have a meeting in the 
White House, he will have a very sup-portive audience right here on Capitol Hill. The Prime Minister will receive a warm welcome from Members of Con-gress who are concerned about Israel’s security and the value of this very im-portant relationship. 
In his speech to Congress tomorrow, 
the Prime Minister is going to address the ongoing negotiations with Iran over illicit nuclear programs. If Presi-dent Obama’s past negotiations with our adversaries are any guide, Israel is right to be apprehensive. The Obama administration started negotiating with Iran more than five years ago. A series of increasingly tough sanctions have damaged the Iranian economy and have finally convinced them to discuss their nuclear program seriously. In 2013 the President announced his 6-month interim agreement. The United States would suspend enforcement of some of the sanctions that had brought Iran to the table. In exchange the Iranians would freeze and reverse specific ele-ments of their nuclear program. This was supposed to provide time for a final agreement to be negotiated with-in a year. That 6-month interim agree-ment has now extended to 17 months. 
President Obama mishandled these 
negotiations from the very beginning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.004 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1210 March 2, 2015 
by conceding Iran’s right to enrich ura-
nium. In my opinion the President is compounding the problem as he chases the comprehensive agreement maybe to justify his Nobel Peace Prize. Infor-mation has leaked out occasionally about the negotiations. Each time there seems to be another point on which the United States has given in to the Iranian position. Iran has gotten about $10 billion in much needed hard currency since signing the interim agreement. It has gotten additional in-come from the suspension of other sanctions. We have no way to stop Iran from using this money to support ter-rorists around the world or to prop up Bashar al-Assad in Syria. 
What I heard, along with a number of 
Senators who went to Saudi Arabia a little over a month ago to meet with some of the Free Syrian Army, is that the freedom fighters from Syria who had come down to Saudi Arabia to meet with us said that this is exactly what Iran is doing with some of the 
money gained from the relief of sanc-tions. They are using it to prop up al- Assad and also to fund Hezbollah and Hamas. 
The Obama administration has said 
its goal is to keep Iran 1 year away from being able to construct a nuclear weapon. That is the same level the ad-ministration said Iran was at in 2013 when sanctions were still fully in force. Apparently, the Obama administration is aiming for a final deal that suspends sanctions on Iran and does not con-strain its nuclear program any more than it was before the interim agree-ment. 
Let me be clear. If the Obama admin-
istration allows Iran to continue with its illicit nuclear program, the global community will be less safe, less sta-ble, and less secure. Any treaty that we sign with Iran must be accountable, en-forceable, and verifiable. So far, it doesn’t appear to me that the Obama administration is negotiating a deal that would meet that standard. 
The administration has also under-
mined Israeli security in other areas as well, specifically, when it comes to Middle East peace negotiations with the Palestinians. U.S. law prohibits sending any money to international or-ganizations that admit the Palestin-ians as a state. The idea was to support the peace talks by letting the two sides work out their differences without oth-ers putting their thumb on the scale. So it was a problem when the Palestin-ians sought and received recognition as a full member state in the United Na-tions group UNESCO. This happened in 2012. That is the United Nations Edu-cational, Scientific, and Cultural Orga-nization. The Palestinians triggered that law, and that stopped U.S. money from going to UNESCO. In every budg-et request since, President Obama has tried to restore the money in spite of the law. This would excuse the Pal-estinians and the United Nations from the consequences of their actions. It sends a signal that the United States does not, in fact, have Israel’s back. Vice President B
IDEN said: ‘‘Don’t 
tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value.’’ 
By that standard, it is obvious that 
President Obama does not value sup-porting Israel in the international peace negotiations. National Security Advisor Susan Rice said just last week that Prime Minister Netanyahu’s visit is too partisan and ‘‘destructive of the fabric of the relationship’’ Israel has with the United States. 
Members of Congress disagree. We 
welcome the Prime Minister. We are eager to show our support, and Repub-licans will continue to push for addi-tional sanctions to keep the pressure on Iran. We intend to do all that we can to ensure that the vital alliance between the United States and Israel remains strong. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the time under the quorum calls this afternoon be equally divided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I yield the floor and 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, last 
week I came to the floor to launch what I have called Waste of the Week. I will put my prop up here. Waste of the Week is designed to provide aware-ness in simple ways to our colleagues here, how we can look at government spending that doesn’t stack up in terms of something that is needed. Per-haps it was needed at one particular time, or perhaps it is something the taxpayers shouldn’t be paying for in the first place. 
I would like to raise awareness, and I 
am going to do that each week. This is my second week. This evening I wish to present the second Waste of the Week. Last week we talked about the $6 bil-lion that could be saved if we simply fixed a program that was duplicating checks to taxpayers who only qualified for payments from one of those pro-grams, not both. If you are disabled and can’t work, you can qualify for So-cial Security disability. Alternatively, you can qualify for unemployment in-surance if you can work, but you are not able to find a job. You can qualify for unemployment insurance, but you can’t get both. You either can work, or you can’t work. Here are two Federal programs that shockingly cost the tax-payers $6 billion. 
This is the second week of Waste of 
the Week, and I would like to talk about duplication in government. While it is a little harder to put a spe-cific fiscal number on the savings, 
clearly we can save the taxpayer money and start this process. We can do this even in small ways to reduce 
our debt and deficit and not load all this debt on our children and grand-children. We have tried the big stuff for years, and I was directly engaged as much as I possibly could be the last 4 years, all to be rejected by the Presi-dent. Let’s at least look at the smaller stuff and do something to get started with this process of getting us back on track to fiscal health. 
What we have found is there are 52 
separate programs that provide work-place training, financial instructions, and preparation for people so they can find a job—52 separate programs. You have to ask yourself, how in the world did we ever get to 52? I think some stems from good intentions. They’ll say let’s get a training program put to-gether through some agency in the government that can better prepare people for employment and job oppor-tunities. 
The Small Business Administration 
puts one together, and the Department of Agriculture says we ought to have a training program, the Department of Commerce says we should have a train-ing program, and then a Member of Congress says, you know, that is a good idea, I would like to propose that, too. 
Over the years we have come up to 52 
programs that provide workforce train-ing. Obviously, this is ripe for reform and there should be consolidation for the benefit of the taxpayer. 
I was pleasantly surprised to learn 
the President’s 2016 budget incor-porates a measure that doesn’t deal with all 52, but it starts with 6 major programs and recommends consolida-tion. I am not often standing here on the Senate floor commending the President for taking a positive step in dealing with our debt and deficit. He refused to do that on any kind of major basis in the last 4 years. But here is his 2016 budget, we can start with six pro-grams to consolidate that—programs that primarily do business and trade— affect business and trade agencies as well as other related programs. 
I am quoting from the budget, ‘‘inte-
grating the Government’s core trade and competitiveness functions into one new Department.’’ Well, surprise of surprises, I am here promoting some-thing the President has put in his budget. 
Let me specifically state what these 
consolidations would affect. It includes the Department of Commerce’s core business and trade functions. It in-cludes Small Business Administration programs, the Office of U.S. Trade Rep-resentative, the Export-Import Bank, the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration, and the U.S. Trade and De-velopment Agency. Each of these six, as outlined by the President’s budget, can be consolidated into one program. 
What does that save? It means saving 
on all the rent or the purchase or the cost of the property for the govern-ment to house six different programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.010 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1211 March 2, 2015 
with six different administrators, six 
different sets of employees and bureau-crats and personnel, computers, phone costs—on and on it goes. They continue to metastasize and grow. 
Now let’s put a price on this so I can 
add this to my thermometer here. We’re in the process of trying to save the taxpayer $100 billion and last week we came up with $5.7 billion of savings. This week it is much smaller at $200 million, though it is not chump change. It is $200 million estimated savings by consolidating these 6 pro-grams. Around here that is deemed a small number. To the people I rep-resent in Indiana, that is a lot of money. We say, well, the government is spending that? No, the government is spending taxpayer money to provide duplication of programs. We think it will ultimately save a lot more as we go forward and define additional con-solidations down the line. 
We are going to put a little more red 
on the chart to represent savings. This thermometer will keep rising and ris-ing as I come down here and present the Waste of the Week. Mr. President, $200 million in savings can be achieved simply by consolidating programs that are duplicating each other in terms of what they are providing. 
We can’t solve all of our country’s 
debt and deficit problems overnight, but we can take needed steps to iden-tify those that the government’s own accounting agencies—independent of Republicans and Democrats—have identified as wasteful money. Let’s get this money back to the taxpayer. Let’s eliminate this money to reduce our debt so our children and grandchildren don’t have to pony up more and let’s end up with a much more efficient and effective Federal Government. 
With that, I finish this week’s Waste 
of the Week and look forward to being here next week for another iteration. 
I yield back my time, if there is any 
left. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, this 
weekend the United States will mark the 50th anniversary of the march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama. Those of us who are not old enough to remem-ber 50 years ago have read the history. Those of us who were old enough at that time saw what happened at that historic march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge five decades ago. Scores of courageous Americans refused to be silent about the need for equal protec-
tion under the law. This was a case where their blood, sweat, and tears helped move our Nation toward a more perfect union. One of those who actu-ally shed blood—in fact, nearly died on that march for freedom and equality— is one of my closest friends in Con-gress, Congressman J
OHN LEWIS of 
Georgia. 
Last Thursday I was so proud when 
Congressman L EWIS came to the Sen-
ate Judiciary Committee room to see a vote on the historic nomination of Lo-retta Lynch to serve as our next Attor-ney General. He said he was compelled to come because this was no ordinary markup and this is no ordinary con-firmation. When the Senate finally confirms her, Loretta Lynch will be the first African-American woman to serve our country as Attorney General. 
She is extraordinarily qualified for 
the job. The letters and testimony I have received from law enforcement and both Republican and Democratic prosecutors attesting to how good she is, are amazing. I urge the Senate to consider her nomination immediately and confirm her this week. She has waited much longer than any modern nominee ever has for this position. 
But as I urge her confirmation, I can-
not help but reflect on the fact that Ms. Lynch’s confirmation will be an-other step toward realizing Dr. Martin Luther King’s dream that people in our country would be judged by the con-tent of their character. Loretta Lynch’s life epitomizes that dream. 
She was born in Greensboro and was 
raised in Durham, NC. She is the daughter of a fourth-generation Bap-tist preacher and a school librarian. I have met Reverend Lynch. He is an amazing and inspiring man. Her par-ents instilled in her the American val-ues of fairness and equality, even when those around them were not living up to those values. Ms. Lynch has spoken about riding on her father’s shoulders as a child to their church, where stu-dents organized peaceful protests against racial segregation. The free-dom songs and the church music that went hand-in-hand with those protests undoubtedly made up the soundtrack of her childhood. The Judiciary Com-mittee was honored to have her father, Reverend Lorenzo Lynch, with us not only at both days of her historic hear-ing in January but also with us last Thursday as the Committee considered his daughter’s nomination. 
Throughout Loretta Lynch’s life, 
those who encountered her intelligence and tenacity have not always been pre-pared to accept her and her impressive accomplishments. But each time they didn’t accept it, the content of her character has shone through and led her to even greater heights. 
In elementary school, administrators 
did not believe that Loretta Lynch could score as high has she did on a standardized test. They demanded that she retake the test. She did, and she scored even higher the second time. In high school she rose to the very top of 
her class, which would have made her the first African-American valedic-torian. School administrators, how-ever, decided that even though she had earned the title, it would somehow be too controversial. So, they decided she must share the honor with two other students, one of whom was white, even though she was the one who scored the highest. This didn’t hold her back. She kept going forward. She went on to graduate with honors from Harvard College and then earned her law degree from Harvard Law School. 
This has been the story of Loretta 
Lynch’s life. While some are not ready to embrace her distinction, she just marches forward with grace to prove that she is even stronger and more qualified than her detractors can imag-ine. Even though she was required to be better than those who were holding her back, she didn’t let that stop her. She just kept going forward. She has dedicated the majority of her remark-able career to public service and we are fortunate as a nation that she wants to continue to serve. 
The President of the United States 
announced that Loretta Lynch would be nominated to be our Nation’s chief law enforcement official on November 8th. 
Right after this announcement, Sen-
ate Republicans made clear that de-spite the urgent challenges facing this country, they would object to even begin consideration of her nomination during the lame duck period. So Loret-ta Lynch’s historic nomination waited. As she prepared for her confirmation hearing, she stayed focused on her cur-rent position and continued to lead a dedicated team of prosecutors to bring terrorists and serious criminals to jus-tice in New York. 
Ms. Lynch was finally called before 
the Judiciary Committee at the end of January. She had more poise and credi-bility than any nominee I have seen in my four decades in the Senate. Any reasonable observer of her hearing, which lasted almost 8 hours, would conclude that she was beyond impres-sive and that she possesses the leader-ship, intellect, and wisdom needed to help keep our country safe. After the hearings, Republicans submitted an un-precedented number of written ques-tions to Ms. Lynch, even though every member had been allowed ample time to ask live questions at her hearing. Even members who had already pub-licly declared that they opposed her confirmation continued to submit scores of questions. 
But now, 114 days have passed since 
Ms. Lynch was nominated. She has been made to wait longer than any one of the previous five Attorneys Gen-eral—five Attorneys General in both Democratic and Republican adminis-trations. And for what reason? So that those who have already said they op-pose the nomination can try to score additional political points? When Ms. Lynch is told she must continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.011 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1212 March 2, 2015 
wait longer than any of the modern At-
torneys General, that she must wait for her confirmation vote, I am reminded that those dedicated to the fight for civil rights have long heard their de-tractors tell them: Just be patient. We can’t give you your rights yet. Just be patient. Just wait your turn. 
Well, come on. No Member of this 
body—of either party—would ever stand for anyone saying: Notwith-standing your qualifications, wait your turn. 
Ms. Lynch grew up hearing her fam-
ily’s stories about the Jim Crow South. She knows the meaning of injustice. She would never compare the partisan political games being played with her nomination to the epic struggles her family faced. 
But as we in this Chamber reflect 
this week to honor those Americans who marched in Selma and the role our Department of Justice played in the civil rights movement, it should not be too much to ask just how much longer Loretta Lynch has to wait. How much longer does this woman have to wait before she can become the next U.S. Attorney General? In these perilous times, our Nation deserves to have its chief law enforcement officer consid-ered without further delay. 
At the Judiciary Committee’s mark-
up last week, Senator D
URBIN spoke 
passionately about the ‘‘solemn, impor-tant, and historic moment’’ before us in considering Ms. Lynch’s nomination. His comments were moving, and they appealed to our responsibility as Sen-ators to uphold the Constitution and provide advice and consent on the President’s nominees. We can do so this week by confirming Loretta Lynch. 
We have played politics with too 
many things already in the young days of this 114th Congress. From the spend-
ing bill the House Republicans refused to take up to fund the Department of Homeland Security, to the nomination of this highly qualified woman to serve as the Nation’s chief law enforcement officer, we can no longer put national security at risk just for the sake of a few talking points or a second or two on a television program. 
So I call on my friend, the majority 
leader, to simply set a date for her con-firmation. Do not leave the American people wondering if this extremely qualified woman will get a timely vote. Treat her like every previous Attorney General nominee. The Nation faces too many challenges to play politics with this important nomination. 
Too long some in this body have told 
her: You have to wait. You have to wait your turn. You have to wait. 
No, she has proven her qualifications. 
She shouldn’t have to wait any more than those who went before her. Set an up-or-down vote. Let’s confirm her nomination. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, here 
we are again where we were last Mon-day with about 5 days left before fund-ing runs out for the Department of Homeland Security. So if it feels like ‘‘Groundhog Day,’’ it is because it is ‘‘Groundhog Day,’’ and we just can’t keep playing those kinds of games with this agency’s funding. 
Those who are blocking action on the 
funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security have a clear choice: Are they going to prioritize politics or are they going to prioritize national se-curity? 
Last Friday the Senate passed a bill 
with 68 bipartisan votes—a bill that fully funds the Department of Home-land Security without any controver-sial riders attached to the bill. I am ever hopeful that the House will follow our lead and immediately take up that clean Senate bill. We cannot, we should not replay the chaos we saw last week. The brinksmanship really needs to end. It is time for Congress to pass the De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill. 
Whether it is threats to the Mall of 
America in Minnesota, plots foiled by DHS and the FBI in New York City, at-tacks on our cyber networks, or threats at our Nation’s borders, we live during a time when the safety and se-curity of this country are at risk. We cannot play politics with the agency that is tasked with keeping us safe, and we shouldn’t play politics with the funding that supports our first re-sponders—the very people who are there anytime something happens in our States and our local communities. What must our enemies think when they see Congress fighting over wheth-er to keep the Department of Home-land Security open? 
Last week DHS Secretary Jeh John-
son wrote a letter to the congressional leadership, and I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
letter from Secretary Johnson. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, February 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. H ARRY REID, 
Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER , MAJORITY LEADER  
MCCONNELL , MINORITY LEADER REID, ANDMI-
NORITY LEADER PELOSI : Thank you for your 
leadership and efforts to pass a clean, full- year appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. As you know, our funding expires tomorrow at midnight. I write to explain to Members of Congress the 
real and substantial consequences of a fail-ure to pass a full-year appropriations bill by that deadline. 
As an initial matter, it must be noted that 
a potential shutdown of the Department comes at a particularly challenging time for homeland security. It is stunning that we must even contemplate a shutdown of the Department in the current global context. The global terrorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organi-zations are now openly calling for attacks on Western targets. Yesterday’s arrests in New 
York City highlight the threat of inde-pendent actors in the homeland who support overseas terrorist organizations and radical ideology. We are working hard to stay one step ahead of potential threats to aviation security. Last year at this time, the spike in migrant children began to appear at our bor-der; we are deployed to prevent this situa-tion from recurring, and to address it aggres-sively if it does. The Nation is in the midst of a very cold, harsh winter, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency is working with states impacted by record snowfalls. 
Here are just some of the consequences for 
homeland security if the Department’s fund-ing lapses and we shut down: 
First, about 170,000 employees will be re-
quired to work, but will not get paid for that work during the period of a shutdown. This includes our Coast Guard, Border Patrol agents, Secret Service agents, Transpor-tation Security Administration officers, and others on the front lines of our homeland se-curity. These working men and women de-pend on biweekly paychecks to make ends meet for themselves and their families. For them, personally, work without pay is dis-ruptive and demoralizing. Even worse for our people are the public statements by some that make light of a shutdown, which dis-regards DHS employees’ personal sacrifices and dedication to our Nation’s security. 
Second, approximately 30,000 men and 
women of the Department must be fur-loughed and sent home without pay. Our fi-nancial management, human resources, pro-curement and contracting, and information technology teams—the institutional back-bone of the Department—will be reduced by 90 percent, from over 2,000 to just 208 people. My own immediate headquarters staff will be cut by about 87 percent. Our Science and Technology team, which is intensely focused on developing non-metallic explosive detec-tion capabilities as well as other tech-nologies to counter threats to aviation, will be cut 94 percent, from 448 to 26 people. Our Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, which is our Nation’s primary research and develop-ment lead for development of advanced nu-clear detection technologies and technical forensic capabilities, will also be cut 94 per-cent, from 121 to just 7 people. 
Third, contracting services across the De-
partment, including those for critical mis-sion support activities, will be disrupted and/ or interrupted altogether. Depending upon the length of a shutdown, contract awards and major acquisitions could be impacted. In the event of a shutdown, negotiations to con-struct the United States Coast Guard’s 8th National Security Cutter will be delayed, po-tentially leading to an increase in costs. 
Fourth, our $2.5 billion-a-year grant-mak-
ing to state, local, tribal, and territorial gov-ernments, to assist them in preventing, re-sponding to or recovering from terrorist at-tacks, major disasters and other emer-gencies, remains at a standstill (it has al-ready stopped because the Department is currently funded by a Continuing Resolu-tion). Of particular note, the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Emergency Management Performance Grants, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.017 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1213 March 2, 2015 
contribute 50 percent of the salaries of state 
and local emergency management personnel, cannot be funded. 
Fifth, public assistance disaster recovery 
payments to communities affected by pre-vious disasters will grind to a halt. Though these payments are funded with prior-year money, the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s staff that processes them must be furloughed. 
Sixth, depending upon the length of a shut-
down, DHS will no longer be able to support state and local authorities with planning, safety, and security resources for special se-curity events such as the Boston and Chi-cago Marathons. 
Seventh, depending upon the length of a 
shutdown, work to complete construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility in Kansas, which will replace the aging l950s- era Plum Island facility in New York, could be disrupted. 
Eighth, new hires across the Department 
must be halted, disrupting critical missions to secure the border, protect millions of daily airline passengers, strengthen security at the White House, and deploy new ICE in-vestigators. Routine attrition hiring would cease across the Department, seriously un-dermining our homeland security frontline staffing needs. Our plans to increase CBP staffing at our ports of entry by 2,000 offi-cers, and to maintain the Transportation Se-curity Administration’s workforce of airport screeners and air marshals will be under-mined. Our plans to hire additional Secret Service uniformed officers and special agents will also be disrupted. 
Ninth, without funding, all training at the 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers will cease. Up to 2,000 local, state, and fed-eral law enforcement trainees from across the country will be sent home. 
Finally, as I have noted many times, mere 
extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A short- term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now. 
I urge Congress, as soon as possible, to pass 
a clean, full-year Fiscal Year 2015 appropria-tions bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
The American people are counting on us. 
Sincerely, 
J
EHCHARLES JOHNSON , 
Secretary. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, the 
following is a quote from the letter the Secretary wrote: 
It is stunning that we must even con-
template a shutdown of the Department in the current global context. The global ter-rorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organizations are now openly calling for attacks on western targets. 
The Secretary also noted how taxing 
the current funding crisis has been on the agency and the employees who put their lives on the line every day to pro-tect the Nation. He said the following in his letter: 
These working men and women depend on 
biweekly paychecks to make ends meet for themselves and their families. For them, personally, work without pay is disruptive and demoralizing. 
I can’t imagine anyone here thinks 
people should be expected to go to work—many of them putting their lives on the line—without getting paid. Last week DHS officials had to prepare shutdown plans. They had to give em-ployees notice that they might be fur-
loughed or they might not get paid. 
At a time when resources should be 
spent protecting the Nation, spending them dealing with a possible shutdown just doesn’t make sense. None of us would run our households that way. The private sector doesn’t run business that way. We shouldn’t run govern-ment that way. Instead of focusing on critical missions such as securing the border, counterterrorism efforts, and maritime security, DHS officials have been consumed with the threat of a shutdown of their agency. That is not the way we should be doing business. It is making our Nation less safe. 
It is time for the House to end this 
brinksmanship. It is time for the House to vote on the bipartisan bill the Sen-ate passed last week. We came together in the Senate under the leadership of Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator R EID, 
and I applaud their working together across party lines to pass a bill that funds DHS for the rest of the year. That is what the American people ex-pect of us. They expect us to work to-gether to address the challenges facing this country. They want us to get things done, not to play politics and certainly not to jeopardize our coun-try’s safety and security. 
I hope that the House will follow the 
Senate’s lead, that they will pass a bi-partisan bill to keep the Department of Homeland Security on the job for the remainder of this year. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, this 
afternoon we will vote on whether to go to conference on H.R. 240. For Sen-ators who want to return to regular order, this is their chance. Regular order is the opportunity to offer, to have debate on, and to vote on amend-ments. 
We have already established on ear-
lier legislation that the majority party is willing to return to regular order and to offer an open amendment proc-ess. So part of establishing that reg-ular order process is, as I say, the op-portunity to offer amendments, to have a debate, and to vote. It is that process which should and has historically pro-duced the best legislation not only here in the Senate but in the House—in this Congress—on behalf of the American people. 
Another part of regular order, 
though, is conference committees. When the House passes a bill and the Senate passes a bill and there are dif-ferences in the bill, how do we resolve the differences in the bill? We go to a conference committee. So that is what is before us right now. This vote is sim-ply to send H.R. 240 to a conference committee so the House and the Senate can work on the legislation. 
Our colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle filibustered H.R. 240. Only when amendments were limited to one amendment did they allow us to pro-ceed to the bill. That is unfortunate, but clearly it was done to protect the 
President’s Executive order on immi-gration. 
The irony is that the President’s 
overreach should not be a partisan issue. Our forefathers created a system of checks and balances in our Constitu-tion to protect the rights of our citi-zens. The legislative, the executive, and the judicial branches all have a role to play in this system of checks and balances. When one branch exceeds its authority, the others have an obli-gation to check that overreach, an ob-ligation to protect the rights of our citizens. 
That is exactly what has happened in 
this situation. The President’s Execu-tive order on immigration exceeds his authority as the leader of the executive branch. Now a Federal district court in Texas has issued an injunction to stay the President’s action, and that stay is in place while the lawsuit against the President’s action which has been filed by 26 States is adjudicated. That is our role too. Just like the States stepping up when the President has overreached his authority, just like the Federal court stepping up when the President has exceeded his authority, that is our role too—to protect the legislative power, which is solely the power of the legislative branch, solely the power of Congress. 
So I call on my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to send H.R. 240 to conference to see if we can find com-mon ground. That is, after all, regular order for the Congress. 
I again remind our colleagues that 
this bill provides full funding for the Department of Homeland Security. Let me once again summarize some of that funding. The bill provides $10.7 billion for Customs and Border Protection, CBP, including record levels of per-sonnel, tactical infrastructure, and technology in air and maritime assets. It provides $5.96 billion for Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, ICE, and maintains a record 34,000 adult de-tention beds and 3,828 family detention beds. The bill strongly supports the vital missions of the Secret Service and provides for cyber security efforts. It provides more than $10 billion for the Coast Guard for its many missions, including search and rescue. Since homeland security is a national effort, the bill continues critical funding for grant programs to State and local fire-fighters, emergency managers, and law enforcement. The bill also provides for research and development, TSA’s avia-tion security screening operations, the Federal law enforcement training cen-ters, and E-Verify, which supports businesses across the United States in hiring legal workers. 
But in addition to that funding, we 
also need to check the Executive ac-tion of the President on immigration. That is what our system of checks and balances under our Constitution is all about. That is the opportunity we have—to send this bill to conference with the House to find a solution. Let’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR6.012 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1214 March 2, 2015 
do that. Let’s find a solution. Let’s re-
turn to regular order in the Congress. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I en-
courage the Senate to vote to send the Homeland Security appropriations bill to conference with the House. That should be the order of business. We have been wrangling over this bill for 3 months now. The legislative maneu-vering has crowded out all of the real issues before the Senate on this legisla-tion. 
We should have debated and voted on 
the President’s actions, the Executive orders which provoked this entire situ-ation. On multiple occasions Members on the other side of the aisle have voted unanimously to avoid having that debate. First, four times they voted over the course of 3 weeks to refuse to even consider House-passed funding bill legislation. Their bill was passed by the other body in plenty of time to avoid the shutdown that cur-rently consumes the Senate. 
This won’t be the last time during 
this Congress that the House and Sen-ate disagree on an appropriations bill, but it should not be the last time the legislative branch disagrees with the executive branch and vice versa. Soon we will begin consideration of the fis-cal year 2016 appropriations bills. Each of these bills will prompt differences, but we should have opportunities for robust debates on these differences. That is all I am suggesting. We can proceed to conference with the House in a timely manner on the bills. Doing so will help provide opportunities for orderly and direct resolution of dif-ferences as reported by the various committees. We have done too little of that in recent years, and it has been detrimental to the legislative process. 
I urge the Senate to support the mo-
tion to accept the request for a con-ference committee on the Homeland Security appropriations bill. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 240, an act making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom 
Cotton, John Barrasso, Bob Corker, Susan M. Collins, Michael B. Enzi, John Hoeven, John McCain, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Shelley Moore Capito, Deb Fischer, Thad Coch-ran, Orrin G. Hatch, Joni Ernst, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with re-spect to H.R. 240, an act making appro-priations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other pur-poses, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Sen-
ator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the Sen-
ator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER), and the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mr. W ICKER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the 
Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL), and the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. N ELSON ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 47, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 64 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal 
Booker Boxer 
Cantwell Cardin 
Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King 
Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Peters Reed Reid Sanders 
Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—10 
Blunt 
Brown Gardner Kirk McCaskill 
Nelson Paul Shelby Vitter 
Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 43. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The Senator from Mississippi. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, for the 
information of all Senators, the bill is not amendable in the Senate and we cannot take further action. Therefore, I move to table the House message, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Sen-
ator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the Sen-
ator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER), and the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mr. W ICKER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ) 
would have voted ‘‘nay’’ and the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) 
would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), 
the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), and the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) are necessarily 
absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 58, 
nays 31, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 65 Leg.] 
YEAS—58 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins 
Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller 
Hirono Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.014 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1215 March 2, 2015 
Mikulski 
Murkowski Murphy Murray Peters Reed Reid Rounds 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall 
Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—31 
Barrasso 
Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Grassley Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee Moran Perdue Portman Risch Roberts 
Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey 
NOT VOTING—11 
Blunt 
Brown Coons Gardner Kirk 
McCaskill Nelson Paul Shelby 
Vitter Wicker 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I move 
to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. CORNYN. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
APPROVAL ACT—VETO 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the veto message on S. 1. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now proceed to the consider-ation of the President’s veto message on S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S. 1, a bill to 
approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
(The text of the President’s veto mes-
sage is printed on page S1073 of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD of February 24, 
2015.) 
The Senate proceeded to reconsider 
the bill. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk on the veto message. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the veto message on S. 1, an act to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
Mitch McConnell, Susan M. Collins, 
Shelley Moore Capito, John Cornyn, David Vitter, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, Daniel Coats, Mike Rounds, Dean Heller, David Perdue, Bob Corker, Mike Lee, James Lankford, Jeff Ses-sions, Lamar Alexander, Johnny Isak-son. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum under rule XXII be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. MORNING BUSINESS 
RECOGNIZING GALE WILLIAM 
FRASER 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the 27 years Gale Fraser has devoted to the Clark County Re-gional Flood Control District and his work as general manager and chief en-gineer for the past 22 years. 
Southern Nevada is known for its dry 
heat and arid environment, but our rare and intense thunderstorms can create dangerous flash floods. These flash floods can cause millions of dol-lars in property damage and take lives in a matter of seconds. The demand to address this issue grew as the Las Vegas Valley experienced unprece-dented development and population growth for more than three decades. The latest statistics show that more than 2 million people currently live in Clark County, and at one point in the 1990s, more than 5,000 people were relo-cating to the area every month of the year. 
In an effort to address the risks asso-
ciated with flood waters and accommo-date the demands of a growing popu-lation, the Nevada Legislature author-ized the creation of a flood control dis-trict in Clark County in 1985. The Army Corps of Engineers completed a feasibility report in 1992 on the flood control improvements necessary for the Las Vegas Wash and Tributaries, otherwise known as the Tropicana and Flamingo Washes. This massive project included debris basins, detention ba-sins, miles of primary channels, and a network of lateral collector channels. Few could have shouldered such a daunting project, but Gale rose to the challenge. 
The support and expertise that Gale 
Fraser and the regional flood control district brought to the Tropicana and Flamingo Washes projects was critical to it being authorized by Congress in the Water Resources Development Act of 1992. The first Federal appropria-tions to initiate the construction of the project became available through the Energy and Water Resources Devel-opment appropriations bill in October 1993. These important steps and strong partnerships contributed to the com-pletion of the Project Cooperation Agreement, which was fully executed in February 1995. 
The Clark County Regional Flood 
Control District and the Clark County Public Works Department were the local sponsors of the Tropicana and Flamingo Washes. Gale, as the head of the Regional Flood Control District, was instrumental in shepherding this project through the process, which has brought safety, security, and peace of mind to the residents of the Las Vegas Valley. Gale’s impressive leadership has persisted. He further developed plans to improve Clark County’s water infrastructure to manage destructive flood waters. To date, under Gale’s leadership, 90 detention basins and ap-proximately 590 miles of channels and 
underground storm drains have been constructed in Clark County. 
On behalf of a grateful community, I 
thank Mr. Fraser for his years of dedi-cated service to Clark County and his work to ensure responsible flood man-agement and public safety in southern Nevada. 
Gale has also been an active member 
of the National Association of Flood and Stormwater Management Agencies and served as the president of the orga-nization from August 2008 to August 2010. This organization includes many flood control districts and public works agencies across the country that are charged with working with Federal partners, such as the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to help develop and implement public policies regarding storm water quality and flood plain management. 
Although Mr. Fraser will be missed, 
his legacy will continue to benefit Ne-vadans and our visitors for generations to come. I congratulate Gale Fraser on his retirement and wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANCIS BROOKS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last week 
marked the end of Francis Brooks’ ten-ure as the sergeant-at-arms of the Vermont State House. The position of sergeant-at-arms is one of great impor-tance, playing a pivotal role in main-taining the order and decorum that Vermonters have come to expect of their State government. It is a job that demands a comprehensive under-standing of the people who conduct the important work within the building, and the building itself. 
Francis Brooks has served the people 
of the city of Montpelier in a number of roles. He taught chemistry and phys-ics at Montpelier High School for 32 years; he was a State legislator for 25 years; and he has volunteered with the Montpelier Fire Department for 40 years. This level of dedication alone is worthy of appreciation and respect, but Francis’s service did not stop there. For the last 7 years, Francis has served his State as sergeant-at-arms. 
I have fond memories of the Vermont 
State House. My parents owned the Leahy Press, located just across the street, and now home to the Vermont Arts Council. From our early years and onward, my brother and sister and I were always encouraged by our parents to pay attention to what happened within those walls and to respect the building for what it represented. As a young boy I rode my bicycle through the halls of the capitol in Montpelier, sometimes wandering into the private office of the Governor, where he sat from behind his desk peering down at me. Francis upheld what I treasure most about our State’s capitol—an open and welcoming building for all Vermonters. He has not only overseen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR6.011 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1216 March 2, 2015 
the preservation and safety of the 
Vermont State House, but he has en-couraged the public to use the space to enhance our community through events like the Farmers Night Concert Series, the U.S. Academy Nominations Ceremony, public discussion forums like the Opiate Conference, statewide high school debate competitions, and the continued involvement of young people in our State’s political system through the legislative page program. Every year, Francis chose 30 eighth graders to serve at the Vermont State House in 6-week periods. Upon these students’ successful completion of the program, Francis would send them to apply for the U.S. Senate page pro-gram—and I was always impressed by the quality of students who rep-resented Vermont in the Nation’s Cap-ital. 
Marcelle and I thank Francis Brooks 
for the several decades of selfless loy-alty he has shown to Montpelier and to the State of Vermont. In a 2011 inter-view with a Vermont newspaper Seven Days, Francis described the role of the sergeant-at-arms by saying, ‘‘If the in-side of the [State House] is considered a town, then I’m the town manager.’’ Vermont is lucky to have such an in-spiring, well-grounded and selfless pub-lic servant. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LAURA HARRIS 
AND TRINITY RICH 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to have this opportunity to once again acknowledge the youth vol-unteers of my home State. I am never surprised but always impressed by what they can achieve—from reaching the rank of Eagle Scout to earning Gold Medals from the Congressional Awards program and so much more. Today I would like to share the achievements of those who are being recognized by the 20th Annual Pruden-tial Spirit of Community Awards. I couldn’t be more proud of them all for their heartfelt commitment to the fu-ture of Wyoming, the West and our Na-tion. 
For the past 20 years, the Prudential 
Spirit of Community Awards has been our Nation’s largest youth recognition program for volunteer service. Each year, the Prudential Spirit of Commu-nity Awards selects two volunteers who have achieved extraordinary re-sults in their work to help those in their neighborhoods who need their support. Nominations can be made by school or community organizations or any one of several other groups. Nomi-nees then have their accomplishments judged by a panel which is tasked with the tremendously difficult job of se-lecting the winners. 
This year, Wyoming’s two youth vol-
unteers who are receiving this special honor are Laura Harris, 17, of Green River and Trinity Rich, 11, of Douglas. They will each receive an award, an en-graved medallion and a trip to Wash-ington, D.C. Laura has quite a remarkable story 
to tell. When she was born she was di-agnosed with a heart defect. Her doc-tors didn’t expect her to see her teens, but they didn’t know Laura. She dealt with her personal obstacles by showing others how precious each day and every moment of their life is. In her words, ‘‘I express my gratitude by providing hope to others.’’ 
The results she has been able to 
achieve speak for themselves. She has uplifted the spirits of dozens of sick children, kept newborn infants in fos-ter care warm with the blankets she made for them, and provided support to the veterans in her neighborhood who need help with chores around their homes. Simply put, Laura is always there with a helping hand to assure those in need that someone cares. While so many young men and women are busy looking for ways to have fun, Laura keeps busy looking for ways to be of service. 
Our other volunteer champion, Trin-
ity Rich, is in the fifth grade. She learned about the importance of reach-ing out to help others in need during a visit to her grandmother’s apartment building. She saw that her grand-mother wasn’t the only one who needed a little help so that’s what she began to do. 
It wasn’t long before Trinity’s will-
ingness to be of help and share the tre-mendous gift of her time and talents were making a difference all around her neighborhood. Whatever the need was, Trinity was there, giving her all to make things better. 
In the process both Laura and Trin-
ity have learned an important lesson— the more you give of yourself to help others the more you receive in the sat-isfaction of knowing you have made someone else’s life better. It’s a bless-ing that will stay with them as they continue to observe the changes in their town, their neighborhood and their own backyard. 
Two other young Wyomingites are 
also being recognized as Distinguished Finalists this year and will receive en-graved bronze medallions honoring them for their work. One is Adam Jones, 18, of Otto, Wyoming. Adam led the effort to complete the roofing and siding on an important facility at his local park. He was able to do so well in part because he was able to recruit 20 fellow Boy Scouts for the task at hand. I am a big supporter of Scouting be-cause Scouts have been making a dif-ference in their communities for 105 years with much more to come. This is just more proof of their determination to make their part of the world a bet-ter place to live. 
Our other finalist, Hannah Nieslanik, 
is a 17 year old from Cokeville who has also been getting involved in her com-munity. She is now a certified emer-gency medical responder who helps the emergency medical response team care for those facing a medical crisis. 
All of these young people are winners 
in the important task of helping to in-spire others to get more active and in-
volved. We all have a gift to share with those who need our help. If we don’t take action the change we could bring to our community will never happen. The four youth volunteers I have named here are all leaders who lead the best way—by example. 
Recognition by this prestigious Com-
munity Awards program means a great deal to all those who earned their awards this year. What means even more, I am sure, is the difference these individuals have made. The renewed sense of hope they have helped to in-still in those they have helped and the smiles of appreciation they have re-ceived has made it clear how important their work is. Their efforts have shown us all what can be accomplished when our nation’s young people see a prob-lem and challenge themselves to ad-dress it—and solve it. 
Congratulations, Laura, Trinity, 
Adam and Hannah. We couldn’t be more proud to claim all of you as Wyo-ming’s own. Keep up the good work. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on February 27, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on February 27, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 33. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on February 27, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mrs. C
APITO ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that pursuant to section 201(a)(2) of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 601), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker and the President Pro Tempore of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.009 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1217 March 2, 2015 
Senate hereby jointly appoint the fol-
lowing individual to the Congressional Budget Office for the term expiring January 3, 2019: Dr. Homer Keith Hall, Director. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2702 and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Mi-nority Leader appoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Advisory Com-mittee on the Records of Congress: Mr. John A. Lawrence of Washington, DC. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, with an amendment: 
S. 166. A bill to stop exploitation through 
trafficking. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 178. A bill to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 617. A bill to ensure that owners of all 
motor vehicles in use on United States road-ways are made aware of, and obtain repairs for, manufacturer-issued safety recalls in a timely manner; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. 618. A bill to amend the Inspector Gen-
eral Act of 1978 relative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector General; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ): 
S. 619. A bill to include among the prin-
cipal trade negotiating objectives of the United States regarding commercial partner-ships trade negotiating objectives with re-spect to discouraging activity that discour-ages, penalizes, or otherwise limits commer-cial relations with Israel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
I
SAKSON , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
ROBERTS , and Mr. E NZI): 
S. 620. A bill to clarify rules relating to 
nondiscriminatory employer wellness pro-grams as such programs relate to premium discounts, rebates, or modifications to other-wise applicable cost sharing under group health plans; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. 
WARREN ): 
S. 621. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety and effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials approved for use in the pre-vention and control of animal diseases, in order to minimize the development of anti-biotic-resistant bacteria; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 622. A bill to strengthen families’ en-
gagement in the education of their children; to the Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. I SAKSON ): 
S. Res. 93. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the courageous work and life of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, and calling for a swift and transparent investigation into his tragic murder in Moscow on February 27, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 11 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 11, a bill to protect the separation of pow-ers in the Constitution of the United States by ensuring that the President takes care that the laws be faithfully executed, and for other purposes. 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
30, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the defini-tion of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 33 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 33, a bill to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. 123 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 123, a bill to prevent a taxpayer bailout of health insurance issuers. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
166, a bill to stop exploitation through trafficking. 
S. 182 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
182, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to prohibit Federal education mandates, and for other purposes. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 262, a bill to reau-thorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 312 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 312, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding school libraries, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of pro-viders allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Mon-
tana (Mr. T ESTER ), the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ) and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for contributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 335 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
335, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. 
S. 451 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 451, a bill to award grants to encourage State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and schools to utilize technology to improve stu-dent achievement and college and ca-reer readiness, the skills of teachers and school leaders, and the efficiency and productivity of education systems at all levels. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse prac-titioners, and clinical nurse specialists 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR6.002 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1218 March 2, 2015 
to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, 
and pulmonary rehabilitation pro-grams. 
S. 505 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 505, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the Health Coverage Tax Credit. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from 
Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) and the Senator 
from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient reha-bilitation therapy caps. 
S. 559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator 
from Montana (Mr. D AINES ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 559, a bill to pro-hibit the Secretary of Education from engaging in regulatory overreach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 582 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 582, a bill to prohibit taxpayer funded abortions. 
S.J. RES. 1 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 1, a joint resolution proposing an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States relative to limiting the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve. 
S.J. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S.J. Res. 5, a joint resolu-tion proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States re-lating to contributions and expendi-tures intended to affect elections. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 621. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to en-sure the safety and effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials 
approved for use in the prevention and control of animal diseases, in order to minimize the development of anti-biotic-resistant bacteria; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to reintroduce the Preven-tion of Antibiotic Resistance Act, along with my colleague Senator S
USAN COLLINS . This bill will help to 
prevent the rise of antibiotic resistant pathogens by ensuring that antibiotics are used prudently and judiciously in the agriculture industry. 
Antibiotic resistance is a growing 
public health threat. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC, estimate that antibiotic-resistant bac-teria cause at least 23,000 deaths and 2 million infections each year in the United States. The CDC also estimates that antibiotic resistance costs the United States $20 billion in excess health costs each year. These statistics will only worsen if we do not take meaningful steps to reduce inappro-priate and unnecessary antibiotic use. 
The agriculture industry has long 
used antibiotics to increase and main-tain animal weight gain and feed effi-ciency. The industry has also relied on administering antibiotics to stave off infections associated with poor bio-security or sanitation in barns and feedlots. However, based on what we know now about antibiotic resistance, these practices no longer make sense. 
I am particularly concerned about 
the rise of antibiotic resistance in foodborne pathogens. Foodborne illness is already a pressing public health problem, and the United States must ensure that agricultural antibiotic use practices do not lead to antibiotic re-sistance in foodborne bacteria. 
Already, the CDC estimates that 
410,000 antibiotic resistant Salmonella and Campylobacter infections occur each year. In fact, nearly 1 in 4 Campylobacter infections analyzed by the CDC is drug-resistant. 
The CDC has also discovered that 
multidrug-resistant Salmonella results in more virulent infections, causing higher rates of hospitalization and bloodstream infections than normally expected with Salmonella infections. Clearly, more needs to be done to fight antibiotic resistance. This legislation will ensure that all medically impor-tant antibiotics approved for use in livestock feed and water pose no risk to human health due to the develop-ment of antibiotic resistance. 
In 2013, the Food and Drug Adminis-
tration, FDA, took a critically impor-tant first step by issuing Guidance for Industry 213, a policy that will elimi-nate the use of antibiotics for feed effi-ciency or weight gain uses in food-ani-mal production. I am glad that the pharmaceutical and agriculture indus-tries plan to adopt FDA’s policy. This is a victory for public health, and I am eager to see this policy fully imple-mented. However, FDA’s judicious antibiotic 
use policy has a gap that must be ad-dressed in order to fully protect public health. You see, many of the anti-biotics previously approved for disease prevention and control are at high risk of abuse or misuse. 
Some of these approved uses are at 
similar low doses as the production uses being phased out by FDA judicious use policies. Other uses do not have a defined duration of use or aren’t ap-proved at a therapeutic dose expected to treat a specific bacterial pathogen. 
In fact, the FDA has informed my 
staff that there are likely 107 anti-biotics approved for disease prevention or control that fall into these cat-egories. This is a problem as some pro-ducers may rely on these drugs far too often as a way to maintain animal pro-duction or to prevent recurrent infec-tions when these important issues could be solved with better sanitation, biosecurity, and animal husbandry. 
This legislation would require phar-
maceutical companies to submit addi-tional information to the FDA to dem-onstrate that a disease prevention or control use of the drug does not pose a risk to human health due to the devel-opment of antibiotic resistance. It would apply only to antibiotics ap-proved for disease prevention or con-trol that are at high risk of overuse. 
If there is no risk to human health, 
the drug sponsor would also have to provide evidence to revise the condi-tions of using an antibiotic for disease prevention or control to ensure the drug is only used judiciously and spar-ingly. These revised drug approvals would be required to specify a thera-peutic dose, be shown to control a spe-cific bacterial infection, be targeted only to the group of animals at risk of developing a specific infection, and specify a defined duration of use. 
The bill also includes a sense of the 
Senate that all medically important antibiotics should be used only on the order of a licensed veterinarian who has a valid veterinarian-client-patient relationship with a producer. 
This means that the veterinarian is 
familiar with the animals to which he or she is prescribing an antibiotic. Vet-erinary oversight is a key component of ensuring that antibiotics are not used inappropriately or unnecessarily. 
This legislation, therefore, would 
allow for medically important anti-biotics to be used to prevent or control infections when absolutely necessary and when it does not pose a risk to human health. In addition to pro-tecting human health, this legislation will help to preserve the efficacy of an-tibiotic for veterinarians, so that the drugs will continue to be effective for treating livestock and poultry when no other alternatives to these drugs exist. 
Antibiotic resistance is a growing 
public health threat. If we do not act now, many more Americans will suffer and, in some cases, die from infections that are no longer treatable. This legis-lation will protect public health while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR6.005 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1219 March 2, 2015 
allowing the agriculture sector to use 
antibiotics when absolutely necessary to preserve animal health. I ask my colleagues to work with me to enact this important bipartisan bill. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
COONS , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 622. A bill to strengthen families’ 
engagement in the education of their children; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I in-
troduce the Family Engagement in Education Act with my colleagues Sen-ator C
OONS and Senator W HITEHOUSE . I 
thank Representatives T HOMPSON and 
DESAULNIER for introducing the House 
companion of this bipartisan bill. 
Research demonstrates that family 
engagement in a child’s education in-creases student achievement, improves attendance, and reduces dropout rates. A study by Anne Seitsinger and Steven Brand at the University of Rhode Is-land’s Center for School Improvement and Educational Policy found that stu-dents whose parents support their edu-cation through learning activities at home and discuss the importance of education perform better in school. The importance of family engagement begins even before a child enters school. For example, Scholastic’s re-cent Kids and Family Reading Report found that among children ages 6–11, 60 percent of frequent readers, those who read 5–7 days per week for fun, were read to aloud by a parent 5–7 times per week before they entered kindergarten. 
Too often, however, family engage-
ment is not built into our school im-provement efforts in a systematic way. The Family Engagement in Education Act will promote and strengthen mean-ingful family engagement policies and programs at the national, State, and local levels to ensure that all students are on track to be career and college- ready. 
Our legislation will empower parents 
by increasing school district resources dedicated to family engagement activi-ties from one percent to 2 percent of the district’s Title I allocation. It will also improve the quality of family en-gagement practices at the school level by requiring school districts to develop and implement standards-based poli-cies and practices for family-school partnerships. It will build State and local capacity for effective family en-gagement in education by setting aside at least 0.3 percent of the State Title I allocation for statewide family engage-ment in education activities, such as establishing statewide family engage-ment centers to continue and enhance the work that had been supported through the Parent Information Re-source Centers. For States with Title I- A allocations above $60 million, grants will be provided to at least one local family engagement in education center to provide innovative programming and services, such as leadership train-ing and family literacy, to local fami-lies and to remove barriers to family engagement, and to support activities 
in the highest need areas of the State. Finally, at the national level, our leg-islation will require the Secretary of Education to convene practitioners, re-searchers, and other experts in the field of family engagement in edu-cation to develop recommended metrics for measuring the quality and outcomes of family engagement in a child’s education. 
This legislation builds on my suc-
cessful efforts in the last reauthoriza-tion of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, ESEA, the 2001 No Child Left Behind Act, to incorporate provisions throughout the law to strengthen and boost parental involve-
ment. Developed with the National Family, School, and Community En-gagement Working Group, which in-cludes organizations such as National PTA, United Way Worldwide, Harvard Family Research Project, and National Council of La Raza, and endorsed by hundreds of local, State, and national organizations, this legislation rep-resents the broad consensus that we must do a better job of engaging fami-lies in all aspects of their children’s education. 
I urge my colleagues to cosponsor the 
Family Engagement in Education Act, and to work for its inclusion in forth-coming legislation to reauthorize and renew the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 93—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE COU-RAGEOUS WORK AND LIFE OF RUSSIAN OPPOSITION LEADER BORIS NEMTSOV, AND CALLING FOR A SWIFT AND TRANS-PARENT INVESTIGATION INTO HIS TRAGIC MURDER IN MOSCOW ON FEBRUARY 27, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
WICKER , and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 93 
Whereas, on February 27, 2015, former dep-
uty prime minister Boris Nemtsov was shot four times in the back within view of the Kremlin and a few short blocks from FSB headquarters in Russia’s capital city Mos-cow; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov dedicated his life to 
the cause of freedom and human rights for the Russian people and sought to rid Russia’s government of the corruption that fuels authoritarianism; 
Whereas President Barack Obama called 
Mr. Nemtsov a ‘‘tireless advocate’’ for the rights of Russian citizens; 
Whereas Prime Minister David Cameron 
said Mr. Nemtsov’s ‘‘life was dedicated to speaking up tirelessly for the Russian peo-
ple, to demanding their right to democracy and liberty under the rule of law, and to an end to corruption. He did so without fear, and never gave in to intimidation’’; 
Whereas, on March 1, 2015, over 50,000 peo-
ple representing a wide range of political parties and movements marched solemnly through Moscow to honor Mr. Nemtsov’s life, many holding signs saying ‘‘I am not afraid’’; 
Whereas, before his death, Mr. Nemtsov 
planned to lead a Spring March on March 1, 2015, against the Russian military’s presence in Ukraine; 
Whereas, in the weeks prior to his death, 
Mr. Nemtsov had reportedly been meeting with the families of Russian soldiers killed during Russia’s military operations in Ukraine; 
Whereas Ukrainian President Petro 
Poroshenko said Mr. Nemtsov planned to re-lease an investigative report showing proof of Russia’s role in the Ukraine crisis; 
Whereas, two years ago, Mr. Nemtsov led 
the release of a report titled, ‘‘Winter Olym-pics in the Sub-Tropics: Corruption and Abuse in Sochi’’, which implicated Russian President Vladimir Putin in the estimated $26,000,000,000 frittered away in ‘‘embezzle-ment and kickbacks’’; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov said on Ekho 
Moskvy radio hours before his murder that President Putin was inserting Russia into the ongoing conflict by his ‘‘mad, aggressive and deadly policy of war against Ukraine,’’ and asserted ‘‘when power is concentrated in the hands of one person and this person rules forever, this will lead to absolute catas-trophe, absolute’’; 
Whereas, according to Mr. Nemtsov’s law-
yer, Vadim Prokhorov, the activist reported threats to his safety to police authorities who failed to provide him with protection; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov’s associates, such as 
leading opposition figure Alexei Navalny, stated that Mr. Nemtsov would have been under clear state surveillance as he walked toward the Kremlin shortly before his mur-der; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov was murdered in one 
of the most heavily-secured areas of Moscow; 
Whereas opposition activist Ilya Yashin, 
commenting on the murder of Nemtsov, stat-ed that ‘‘the atmosphere of hatred toward al-ternative thinkers that has formed over the past year, since the annexation of Crimea, may have played its role,’’ referring to the surge of intense and officially endorsed na-tionalist discourse in Russia since it annexed Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula; 
Whereas President Putin called critics of 
his government policy ‘‘a fifth column’’ and ‘‘national traitors,’’ inviting violent attacks upon them; 
Whereas President Putin warned publically 
in 2012, shortly after returning to the Presi-dency, that his opponents were planning to stage a murder of their own as a ‘‘provo-cation’’; 
Whereas several prominent critics of Presi-
dent Putin and his government have died gruesomely since he came to power as head of the Russian National Security Service and through his current office of President; 
Whereas, on September 21, 2000, Iskandar 
Khatloni, a reporter for the Tajik-language service of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty who had been working on stories about human rights abuses in Chechnya, was killed in his apartment by an ax-wielding assailant; 
Whereas, on August 21, 2002, Vladimir 
Golovlyov, leader of the Liberal Russia fac-tion in the lower house of parliament, was shot to death in a Moscow park while walk-ing his dog after accusing President Putin of autocratic governance; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.008 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1220 March 2, 2015 
Whereas, on July 3, 2003, Yuri 
Shchekochikhin, a vocal opposition jour-nalist and member of the Russian Duma in-vestigating the 1999 apartment bombings that killed nearly 300 people, died 12 days after being hospitalized for a mysterious ill-ness, believed to be poison, before he could travel to the United States to discuss Rus-sian corruption cases with the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation; 
Whereas, on October 7, 2006, journalist and 
human-rights activist Anna Politkovskaya, an outspoken critic of the Kremlin, was shot and killed in her Moscow apartment build-ing; 
Whereas, on November 3, 2006, Alexander 
Litvinenko, a former KGB officer and vocal critic of President Putin, was poisoned when radioactive polonium-210 was allegedly slipped into his tea as he met with two former Russian security services men in a restaurant in a London hotel, and British in-vestigators have said they have evidence of Russian involvement in the murder of Litvinenko; 
Whereas, on August 31, 2008, Magomed 
Yevloyev, owner of a news site called Ingushetiya, popular for its human rights and press freedom stories, died from a gun-shot wound to the head sustained while being transported by regional Ingushetia po-lice following his arrest at the airport in the regional capital; 
Whereas, on January 19, 2009, human rights 
lawyer Stanslav Markelov, who defended op-ponents of the Government of the Russian Federation, was shot dead by a man using a pistol in the middle of the afternoon on a busy street in Moscow; 
Whereas, on July 15, 2009, Russian human 
rights journalist and activist Natalia Estemirova was abducted in front of her home in Grozny, Chechnya, taken across the border into Ingushetia, shot, and dumped in a roadside gutter; 
Whereas, on November 16, 2009, after 
human rights lawyer Sergei Magnitsky was jailed for uncovering $230,000,000 in tax fraud perpetuated by Russian officials, died in prison after being beaten and enduring hor-rible conditions and suffering from pancrea-titis that did not receive adequate medical care; 
Whereas President Obama called for a 
‘‘prompt, impartial, and transparent’’ inves-tigation to bring the perpetrators of Mr. Nemtsov’s murder to justice; 
Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry 
stated ‘‘We hope the authorities will join the world in producing the credible, transparent investigation necessary to find out who did— 
who was behind this and who did it.’’; 
Whereas Prime Minister Cameron stated 
that the callous murder must be ‘‘fully, rap-idly and transparently investigated, and those responsible brought to justice’’; 
Whereas suspicion of Russian authorities 
in Mr. Nemtsov’s murder cannot be ruled out given his criticism of the regime; 
Whereas far too few of those responsible in 
the killings cited above have been brought to justice, raising serious questions about the ability of Russian authorities to conduct a credible investigation into Mr. Nemtsov’s murder; 
Whereas impunity and lack of account-
ability prevail in the Russian Federation; 
Whereas law enforcement, judicial, and in-
vestigative bodies are often used to target political opponents and civil society in the Russian Federation and thus lack the credi-bility to conduct an investigation them-selves; and 
Whereas the Russian Federation is a mem-
ber of both the Organization for the Security and Cooperation in Europe and the Council of Europe, and these independent groups should be considered for investigation into Mr. Nemtsov’s murder in order to lend the 
investigation credibility: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the courageous work of Rus-
sian opposition leader Boris Nemstov, who dedicated his life to the fight against corrup-tion and in support of the universal and in-alienable rights of the Russian people to freely choose their leaders and live according to democratic standards; 
(2) calls for a swift and transparent inves-
tigation into his tragic murder using mecha-nisms from either the Organization for Secu-rity and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) or the Council of Europe, including allowing willing OSCE member states to invoke the Moscow Mechanism, as was done with Belarus in 2011; 
(3) encourages the public release of all sur-
veillance tapes in the area surrounding the crime scene from different sources and an-gles to aid in the investigation; 
(4) urges the President to add the names of 
persons that Mr. Nemtsov requested be added to the visa ban list as provided for by the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Account-ability Act of 2012 (title IV of Public Law 112–208; 126 Stat. 1502) and continue to sanc-tion human rights violators; 
(5) encourages the President to send a high 
level United States delegation to Mr. Nemtsov’s funeral service; and 
(6) calls on the President to significantly 
increase United Sates Government support for like-minded partners in the Russian Fed-eration and the region to combat the flow of propaganda and the climate of hatred cre-ated by President Putin in the Russian Fed-eration. 
f 
AWARDING A CONGRESSIONAL 
GOLD MEDAL TO THE FOOT SOL-DIERS WHO PARTICIPATED IN BLOODY SUNDAY, TURNAROUND TUESDAY, OR THE FINAL SELMA TO MONTGOMERY VOTING RIGHTS MARCH IN MARCH OF 1965 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 431 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 431) to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who partici-pated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tues-day, or the final Selma to Montgomery Vot-ing Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 431) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 107–252, Title II, Section 214, reappoints the fol-lowing individual to the Election As-sistance Board of Advisors: Dr. Barbara Simons of California. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:45 a.m. on Tuesday, March 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 10:30 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, and that the ma-jority control the first half and the Democrats control the final half; fur-ther, that at 10:30 a.m. the Senate re-cess until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the joint meeting of Congress with His Ex-cellency Benjamin Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel, as well as the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator C
ORNYN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Texas. 
f 
TEXAS INDEPENDENCE DAY 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to commemorate a very special day in history, particularly in Texas history, a day that inspires pride and gratitude in the hearts of all the people who call Texas home. 
I rise today to commemorate Texas 
Independence Day, which is today. I will in a moment read a letter written 179 years ago from behind the walls of an old Spanish mission called the Alamo in my hometown of San Anto-nio, a letter written by a 26-year-old lieutenant colonel in the Texas Army, William Barret Travis. In doing so, I carry on a tradition started by the late Senator John Tower, who represented Texas in this body for over two dec-ades. This tradition was upheld by his successor, Senator Phil Gramm, and by his second successor, Senator Kay Bai-ley Hutchison, after him. It is a tre-mendous honor that this privilege has now fallen to me. 
On February 24, 1836, with his posi-
tion under siege and outnumbered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR6.009 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1221 March 2, 2015 
nearly 10 to 1 by the forces of the Mexi-
can dictator Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, Travis penned the following let-ter: 
To the People of Texas and All Amer-
icans in the World: 
Fellow citizens & compatriots— 
I am besieged by a thousand or more of the 
Mexicans under Santa Anna. 
I have sustained a continual Bombardment 
and cannonade for 24 hours and have not lost a man. 
The enemy has demanded a surrender at 
discretion. Otherwise, the garrison are to be put to the sword, if the fort is taken. 
I have answered the demand with a cannon 
shot, and our flag still waves proudly from the walls. 
I shall never surrender or retreat. Then, I call on you in the name of Liberty, 
of patriotism and everything dear to the American character, to come to our aid, with all dispatch. 
The enemy is receiving reinforcements 
daily and will no doubt increase to three or four thousand in four or five days. If this call is neglected, I am determined to 
sustain myself as long as possible and die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor and that of his country. 
Victory or Death. 
Signed: ‘‘William Barret Travis.’’ 
As history reveals, in the battle that 
ensued all 189 defenders of the Alamo lost their lives, but they did not die in vain. The Battle of the Alamo actually brought precious time for the Texas revolutionaries, under the leadership of GEN Sam Houston, to maneuver his army into position for a decisive vic-tory in the Battle of San Jacinto. 
With this victory—the Battle of San 
Jacinto—Texas became a sovereign and independent republic. For 9 years the Republic of Texas thrived as an inde-pendent nation, and then in 1845 it agreed to join the United States as the 28th State. Many of the Texas patriots who fought in the revolution went on to serve in the U.S. Congress. I am honored to hold the seat once 
occupied by Sam Houston, one of the first two U.S. Senators to the new State of Texas, and more broadly I am honored to have the opportunity to serve almost 27 million Texans because of the sacrifices made by these brave men 179 years ago. 
May we always remember the Alamo, 
and may God continue to bless Texas and these United States. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:45 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 9:45 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:28 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, March 3, 2015, at 9:45 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MR6.022 S02MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E281 March 2, 2015 
RECOGNIZING WOMEN’S HISTORY 
MONTH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great respect and admiration that I rise today in observation of Women’s History Month and its 2015 theme: Weaving the Stories of Wom-en’s Lives. Each year, the National Women’s History Project selects a unifying theme to rec-ognize and promote Women’s History Month. This year’s theme recounts the individual and collective narratives that have been woven into the history of our nation and celebrates the important economic, cultural, political, and social contributions women have made to our history and their continued impact on our fu-ture. This year also marks the 35th anniver-sary of the National Women’s History Project. 
Women have played a crucial and unique 
role throughout America’s history by providing the majority of the volunteer labor force in the country. American women of every race, class, and ethnic background have served as early leaders in every major progressive social change movement including the abolitionist movement, the emancipation movement, the industrial labor movement, the civil rights movement, and the peace movement. These remarkable women were leaders and orga-nizers who not only secured their own rights and access to equal opportunity, but also served as a voice for many disenfranchised and undervalued populations. 
Throughout our nation’s history, there are 
many examples of women who have worked diligently to uncover these stories of leader-ship and have succeeded in writing women into the pages of our nation’s history. Strong role models such as Delilah L. Beasley, the first African American woman to be regularly published in a major metropolitan newspaper, and Eleanor Flexner, whose groundbreaking 1959 book, Century of Struggle: The Woman’s Rights Movement in the United States, brought to light the adversity women over-came in the workplace and the voting booth. These women pioneered the way for other great journalists, historians, educators, and anthropologists such as Lynn Sherr, a broad-cast journalist and author who advocated for women’s equal access to healthcare and so-cial change both on screen and in print. Be-cause of these courageous trailblazers women today are empowered to share their stories of achievement, leadership, courage, and strength, and to speak out against injustice, prejudice, and inequality. 
These revolutionary women have retold their 
own personal tales of struggles and suc-cesses, as well as the tribulations and tri-umphs of other women. These accounts of the lives of individual women are pivotal because they not only acknowledge strong female role models who share an unlimited vision of what a woman can accomplish, but they also chal-lenge stereotypes and social assumptions 
about who women are and what women can achieve today. Numerous female scholars, au-thors, and social activists, both past and present, serve as outstanding examples who reflect the 2015 theme, Weaving the Stories of Women’s Lives. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join in cele-
brating Women’s History Month and to recog-nize that after decades of dedication, perse-verance, contributions, and advances, the sto-ries of American women from all cultures and classes are being printed, spoken, recognized, and celebrated. In an effort to illustrate the many courageous and dedicated women throughout America’s history, we remember and recount the tales of our ancestors’ talents, sacrifices, and commitments that serve as an inspiration to today’s generation of both women and men. I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in celebrating the many ways that women’s history has be-come woven into the fabric of our national story. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MAE CAROL 
JOHNSON 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of a great American. I had the honor of knowing Mae Carol Johnson of Sea-side, California, for many years. Mae was the Monterey Peninsula’s super mom. She dedi-cated her life to service. No matter who you were, she wanted to help. She combined the world’s biggest heart with its biggest smile. She lit up every room she entered and when she spoke everybody wanted to listen. She died on February 24, 2015 at the age of 82. Her passing has left a huge hole in the fabric of our community. 
Mae lived a full life. She was born in Colum-
bus, Georgia. She moved to the Monterey Pe-ninsula in 1954 and after her divorce in 1962, she took on the responsibility of raising her daughter and 5 sons as a single parent. She worked as a domestic by day and took college courses at night to earn a teaching credential which launched her career as an educator. 
During her impressive 35 year career, she 
served as a teacher, counselor, dean, vice principal and principal. Her reading and think-ing programs, developed under her leadership at Martin Luther King, Jr. Middle School re-ceived state recognition. In 1987, she was a recipient of the Milken Family Foundation Edu-cator Award. She served on several boards in-cluding the Community Hospital of the Mon-terey Peninsula, the Community Foundation of Monterey County, and The Village Project. Mae was a founding member of the Delta Sigma Theta, Sorority, Inc. Monterey Penin-sula Alumnae Chapter and a member of Friendship Baptist Church. Mae earned her Masters Degree from the 
Monterey Institute of International Studies. She embraced her role as a leader and her campuses were training grounds for several top Monterey Peninsula Unified School District principals. She challenged others to always strive for excellence. 
Mae enjoyed poetry, the performing arts and 
family gatherings. She is predeceased by her daughter, Roselyn Johnson. She is survived by her brother, Cleotis Webb, Coleman, GA, sister, Cheryl Lawrence, Chicago, IL, sons Andre and Ronald Johnson of Monterey, Edwin Johnson of Las Vegas, Kenneth John-son of Tracy and Robert (Bobby) Johnson of Los Angeles, 9 grandchildren and her beloved friend and companion, Martin Taylor. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the 
whole House in sharing our condolences with Mae’s children, grandchildren, extended fam-ily, and countless friends. We owe them a debt of gratitude for sharing such a remark-able woman with our nation. The world is a better place because of Mae’s journey with it. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO NOLAN 
HELLICKSON IN THE FIRST SES-SION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Nolan Hellickson of Southeast Polk High School for winning the Class 3A 126 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tour-nament on February 21, 2015. 
Iowa has a long and proud history of strong 
wrestling programs in our state, producing col-lege and Olympic champions for years. Win-ning a state championship is the culmination of years of hard work and commitment, not only on the part of Mr. Hellickson, but also his family, teammates, and coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent-athlete demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent him and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating Nolan on competing in this rigorous competi-tion and wishing continued success in his edu-cation and wrestling career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 104TH 
BIRTHDAY OF ANNE THEROUX 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Anne Theroux, a resident of Harwich, who today celebrates her 104th birth-day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MR8.001 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E282 March 2, 2015 
Anne was born on March 4, 1911. Anne is 
a mother of seven successful children, many grandchildren and great grandchildren. Anne, a dedicated and caring mother of strong faith, also helped support her family by working as a school teacher for many years in Massachu-setts. 
Anne, a woman of many talents, is an avid 
reader, daily solver of crossword puzzles and finds time to pursue her artistic talents in painting, stained glasswork and woodcarving. She has an unfailing positive outlook and is a wonderful example to her family and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Anne 
Theroux on this joyous occasion of her 104th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEONARD NIMOY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the life of Leonard Nimoy of Los An-geles, California, who passed away on the morning of February 27, 2015, at the age of 83. 
Leonard Nimoy, best known for his iconic 
role as Mr. Spock in the popular science fic-tion television series and motion picture fran-chise Star Trek, was born on March 26, 1931 in Boston, Massachusetts, to Dora and Max Nimoy, Orthodox Jews and Ukrainian immi-grants. 
Leonard began his acting career at 8 years 
old performing in local plays and continued acting through his high school years. After coming to Hollywood, he landed small parts in the movies Zombies of the Stratosphere, Queen for a Day and Rhubarb and in 1952, had his first starring movie role with Kid Monk Baroni. During the early 1950’s, Mr. Nimoy en-listed in the United States Army Reserves where he spent nearly two years, writing, nar-rating, and emceeing shows for the Army Spe-cial Services branch. 
After leaving the military, he returned to 
California, and achieved wide visibility appear-ing on television shows such as Rawhide, Perry Mason and Wagon Train, until he land-ed the role in 1966 of the half-Vulcan Mr. Spock in Star Trek, for which he garnered three Emmy nominations. It was in this role that he became a folk hero, helping create Vulcan culture such as the Vulcan salute and Vulcan neck pinch. The incredibly popular original series spawned an animated television show, various new television series, movies and sparked a devoted following of Star Trek that exists to this day. After the original Star Trek series ended in 1969, Leonard continued acting in movies and television, performed voice-over work and acted in stage plays. In 1979, he returned as Mr. Spock in the movie Star Trek: The Motion Picture and in 1982’s Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, directed the movies Star Trek III: The Search for Spock and Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home and ap-peared in the 2009 and 2013 Star Trek mov-ies. 
In addition to being an actor, producer and 
director, Mr. Nimoy was also a prolific poet, writer, photographer and singer, who often lent his talents to charitable organizations. He and 
his wife, Susan Bay-Nimoy were generous supporters of the arts, educational programs and public astronomy. They provided substan-tial assistance to the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles through their Leonard and Susan Bay-Nimoy Family Foundation, the esteemed The Thalia Theater in New York was renamed the Leonard Nimoy Thalia Theater, and they were major supporters of the Griffith Observ-atory in Los Angeles’ historic 2002–2006 ex-pansion, where the Leonard Nimoy Event Ho-rizon theater shows the Leonard Nimoy-nar-rated documentary film The Once and Future Griffith Observatory about the history, recent renovation, and future of the Observatory. 
Leonard is survived by his wife, actress and 
director Susan Bay-Nimoy, his children, Adam and Julie Nimoy, stepson Aaron Bay Schuck, six grandchildren, one great-grandchild, and his brother Melvin. 
I would like to convey my deepest sym-
pathies to Leonard’s family and friends, as well as extend my heartfelt thanks for his many contributions to the arts and science. The entire global community will greatly miss Mr. Spock, who indeed lived long and pros-pered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 27TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF VIOLENCE AGAINST THE ARMENIAN COMMUNITY IN SUMGAIT, AZERBAIJAN 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, 
February 27 marked the 27th anniversary of harrowing violence against the Armenian com-munity in Sumgait, Azerbaijan. 
I am proud to stand today with the Arme-
nian-American community, including many of my constituents in Massachusetts, in remem-brance and mourning of this unspeakable trag-edy. 
In February of 1988, anti-Armenian rallies 
through Azerbaijan gave way to waves of eth-nically-motivated violence, death and destruc-tion. In the aftermath of these terrible events, Azerbaijan’s Armenian community all but dis-appeared, with thousands displaced, culmi-nating in a war against the people of Nagorno Karabakh. 
That war resulted in almost 30,000 dead on 
both sides. Hundreds of thousands of refu-gees were forced to flee their homes. And to this day, those who lost their lives or were dis-placed by this violence still seek resolution and justice. 
Many displaced Armenian families have 
sought refuge in America, and are now mak-ing vital contributions in the Fifth District of Massachusetts. Proudly, our diverse District is home to one of the largest Armenian commu-nities in the nation. Together, our community is a thriving example of strength and persever-ance in the face of extreme adversity. 
Like the persecution of too many others be-
fore it, the lessons of the Sumgait Pogrom must not be forgotten. 
We have a moral obligation to promote tol-
erance and justice, and we have a duty to rec-ognize the atrocities that have kept us from our common goal. A TRIBUTE TO FRANK W. BERLIN 
IN THE 1ST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Frank W. Berlin III on the occasion of his 70th birthday. 
After graduating from Valley High School in 
West Des Moines, Class of 1963, Mr. Berlin enlisted in the United States Army, 173rd Air-borne Brigade. From 1965 to 1967, Private First Class E3 Berlin served with undeniable valor while deployed to the Republic of Viet-nam. In fact, while serving as gunner on a UH–1D PFC helicopter during an emergency extraction, PFC Berlin, with utter disregard for his own safety, stationed himself on the land-ing skid of the aircraft and counter-attacked the enemy below, saving his flight crew and the extraction team. For his actions, PFC Ber-lin was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for heroism on December 7, 1966. 
Following Vietnam, Mr. Berlin returned to 
Iowa to get married, start a family and with the entrepreneurial spirit of that generation, estab-lish a successful insurance agency under his namesake. That legacy continues on today. 
Mr. Berlin is an Iowan of whom we can all 
be proud. We must never forget those who have served this nation and fought for our freedoms. Mr. Berlin continues to proudly sup-port our Department of Defense military serv-ice men and women. His efforts benefit mili-tary families through local, state and national charities. 
It is with great honor that I, along with his 
five grandchildren—Isabelle, Emma, Gretta, Evan and Frank—recognize his patriotism on his 70th birthday. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring his accomplish-ments. I thank him for his service and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
SHEETZ—500 AND COUNTING: HON-
ORING SHEETZ AND THE BEST SANDWICHES IN THE COUNTRY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the efforts of the Sheetz family and their all-American story of business success. Once a small family operated dairy store in Al-toona, Pennsylvania, the Sheetz brand has grown into one of the most well loved brands in the country, with 14,500 employees and 437 locations across six states. Their business has changed with the demands of the country, and they have brought us innovations like MTO sandwiches and touch screen ordering, which was first installed in Altoona back in 1993. Recently, the Sheetz family proudly opened their 500th store in Thomasville, North Carolina—over 400 miles away from where the business was first born 63 years ago in Central Pennsylvania. 
Originally called Sheetz Kwik Shopper, the 
company’s success is a wonderful example of what makes this nation great. It all started 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MR8.003 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E283 March 2, 2015 
when Bob Sheetz purchased one of his fa-
ther’s dairy stores. After hiring his brother, Steve, the pair’s original business plan was to open one store a year by 1972. With 500 stores currently open across Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Ohio, and North Carolina, their plan was a resounding success. Five members of the Sheetz family serve on the company’s executive committee including Bob’s son as president, and Steve, as Chairman of the board. Despite all of their growth and expansion, it remains a family business to this day. 
That is why it is no surprise that the Penn-
sylvania Department of Community and Eco-nomic Development and Team Pennsylvania Foundation have named Sheetz one of the best places to work in Pennsylvania for the last 13 consecutive years. I want to thank the Sheetz’ family for their dedication to the com-munity, and their friendly service to the thou-sands of families that visit their stores each day. 
I would also personally like to congratulate 
Sheetz on opening their 500th store. Their ef-fort to turn the business into one of the fastest growing family operated convenience store chains in the world is remarkable, but is also no surprise to anyone who has met a member of the Sheetz family. With plans to open 1,000 total stores in the future, Sheetz is not slowing down. I am extremely proud to represent the Altoona area, and to be able to tell all of my colleagues on Capitol Hill that the 9th District is the birthplace of some of the best sand-wiches in the country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. KAREN BURCH 
AS THE 2016 SANTA ROSA COUN-TY, FLORIDA, TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to congratulate Mrs. Karen Burch as the 2016 Santa Rosa County, Florida, Teacher of the Year. Mrs. Burch has proven to be a truly ex-ceptional educator whose impact extends far beyond her students, and I am proud to recog-nize her success and outstanding achieve-ments. 
Mrs. Burch began her education career as 
an Exceptional Student Education (ESE) para professional, working to ensure that ESE stu-dents received the instruction and attention needed to thrive in the classroom. Her com-mitment to serving the ESE student population led her to enroll in the University of West Flor-ida’s Para to Teacher program, and after grad-uation from UWF, Mrs. Burch began working as an ESE teacher at S.S. Dixon Primary School. During her seven years as a teacher at S.S. Dixon, Mrs. Burch’s determination and patience have helped her provide exceptional education to ESE students from kindergarten to second grade. 
Constantly striving to lead by example, Mrs. 
Burch demonstrates her leadership skills out-side of the classroom as the head of the school’s Positive Behavior Committee and as a mentor to other teachers and student teach-ers currently enrolled at the University of West Florida. Prior to her professional career in education, 
Mrs. Burch honorably served our Nation as a member of the United States Air Force. During her military service, Mrs. Burch worked as a Training Manager in a Civil Engineering Squadron and maintained top secret materials and information for the F–15 Fighter Training School. The leadership skills and commitment to service that Mrs. Burch developed while in the Air Force have proven to be integral to her success working with students with emotional and behavioral needs and inspiring them to reach their full potential. 
Mr. Speaker, teachers are amongst our 
most valuable public servants, and they play an integral role in shaping the future of our Nation. The Santa Rosa County Teacher of the Year award is a true reflection of Mrs. Burch’s steadfast dedication to the students of Santa Rosa County. She has proven to be among the many exceptional teachers in our Nation, and on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Mrs. Karen Burch for her accomplishments and her continuing commitment to excellence. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Mrs. Burch as the 2016 Santa Rosa County, Florida Teacher of the Year and thanking her for her dedica-tion to serving the students, teachers, and families of the Northwest Florida community. We wish her all the best for continued suc-cess. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,149,752,816,959.60. We’ve 
added $7,522,875,768,046.52 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING GRACEWORKS MIN-
ISTRIES ON THEIR 20TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and congratulate GraceWorks Ministries on their 20th anniversary of suc-cess. GraceWorks Ministries is a Christian non-profit that cares for struggling citizens in need in the Tennessee Seventh Congres-sional District. 
Each of us has a duty to be good stewards 
to our fellow citizens. Whether that means serving in Washington, on the battlefield or in our local communities and homes. Beginning in 1995, a handful of concerned residents based in Williamson County, Tennessee rec-ognized a growing number of their fellow resi-dents were struggling to meet basic physical, emotional and spiritual needs. These residents 
banded together to provide financial assist-ance, food, faith, friendship and relief. 
Twenty years later, thousands of Ten-
nesseans continue to volunteer from commu-nity congregations, businesses and organiza-tions to further the mission of GraceWorks Ministries, ‘‘by God’s grace, to provide imme-diate and long-term resources to neighbors in need.’’ In 2014 alone, GraceWorks helped well over 40,000 people by providing nutritious food, holiday baskets, gifts, clothing, home goods, educational programs and family coun-seling. These services not only rescue those in need, but also encourage participants to gradually move toward self-sufficiency. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in com-
mending Graceworks for their magnificent and generous service, which has enriched the lives of Tennesseans for the past twenty years. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL ZACHARY 
IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Michael Zachary of Dowling Catholic High School for winning the Class 3A 132 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tour-nament on February 21, 2015. 
Iowa has a long and proud history of strong 
wrestling programs in our state, producing col-lege and Olympic champions for years. Win-ning a state championship is the culmination of years of hard work and commitment, not only on the part of Mr. Zachary, but also his family, teammates, and coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent-athlete demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent Michael and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating Michael on competing in this rigorous competi-tion and wishing continued success in his edu-cation and wrestling career. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND DEDI-
CATED SERVICE OF MAJOR JO-SEPH REYNES, JR., UNITED STATES AIR FORCE RETIRED 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to commemorate the life of Northwest Florida’s beloved Major Joseph Reynes, Jr., United States Air Force Retired, who passed away on February 23, 2015. Major Reynes was a deco-rated veteran, committed public servant, and a loving family man, who served our Nation with honor and distinction. The Northwest Florida community mourns the loss of a great and 
compassionate man. 
Born on March 1, 1934, in Medina, New 
York, to Joseph and Alice Jay Reynes, Major Reynes developed a fascination for fighter air-craft as a young child growing up on Long Is-land. While attending the State University of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MR8.006 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E284 March 2, 2015 
New York at Buffalo, Major Reynes pursued 
his passion for flying and was commissioned in the United States Air Force in January 1955. Within months, Major Reynes pinned on his wings and was assigned to the 774th Troop Carrier Squadron at Ardmore Air Force Base, Oklahoma, where he would meet his fu-ture bride, LaRita Dawn Foster. 
In 1960, upon completion of advanced fight-
er training at Nellis Air Force Base, Major Reynes received his orders as a fighter pilot in 44th Tactical Fighter Squadron, based at Kadena Air Force Base, Okinawa, and then in 1962, was assigned to the 481st Tactical Fighter Squadron at Cannon Air Force Base, New Mexico. Major Reynes deployed during the Vietnam War to DaNang Air Base, where he flew the A1E/H and T–28. During a combat support mission in September 1965, his plane was shot down. Major Reynes was rescued and later assigned to Luke Air Force Base as a F–100 Instructor Pilot. In 1968, he was pro-moted to the rank of Major, and in 1969, he joined the ‘‘Iron Hand’’ support missions flying over North Vietnam. Major Reynes completed his final tour at 5th Air Force Headquarters in Tokyo as the Chief of Standard Evaluation. 
Throughout his distinguished Air Force Ca-
reer, Major Reynes earned and was bestowed multiple honors including the Distinguished Service Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster, Distin-guished Flying Cross with two Oak Leaf Clus-ters, Air Medal with eighteen Oak Leaf Clus-ters, Air Force Commendation Medal, Purple Heart, National Defense Service Medal with Bronze Service Star, Republic of Vietnam Service Medal, Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, Air Force Longevity Service Award with four Oak Leaf Clusters, Combat Readiness Medal, and the Armed Forces Reserve Medal. 
Upon his retirement from the Armed Forces, 
Major Reynes continued his service to our Na-tion as an active member of the local commu-nity. In 1980, he was first elected as Mayor of Gulf Breeze, Florida and served two terms. He also served as Deacon of Pensacola Beach Community Church and volunteered his time to assist local area veterans. 
Some of his greatest moments, however, 
were spent coaching his son Joe’s and grand-son Harrison’s baseball teams, as well as the Chofu High and Gulf Breeze High track teams, alongside his children. To his family and 
friends, Major Reynes will always be remem-bered as a loving husband, devoted father of three, and proud grandfather of six, and his contributions to our Nation and Northwest Florida will not be forgotten. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am proud to recognize the life and dedicated service of Major Joseph Reynes, Jr. My wife, Vicki, joins me in extending our deep-est prayers and condolences to his wife LaRita Foster Reynes; children, Major General Joseph Reynes, Jr., Lisa Marie Reynes, Jeannette Prochaska; grandchildren; and the entire Reynes family. 
f 
THE PASSING OF J. MICHAEL 
LENIHAN 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and remember a Rhode Island leader whose example can remind us all of why we 
pursued public office in the first place. Former State Senator J. Michael Lenihan was the very definition of a public servant. He was an hon-est man and a charismatic leader, and he al-ways put the needs of his constituents first. 
Mike was a fierce advocate for transparency 
and open government, and his strong moral compass defined his distinguished career in government. A three-time recipient of Com-mon Cause’s Public Service Achievement Award, Mike was first elected to the East Greenwich Town Council and then went on to serve for 20 years in the Rhode Island State Senate. He fought for what he thought was right, no matter how difficult or unpopular it was. Mike wasn’t afraid of making enemies, although he seldom did thanks to his kindness and genuine personality. You could always trust Mike to be honest and fair, and he was a valued advisor to so many Rhode Island leaders over the years. 
A teacher by profession, Mike taught us all 
a lesson in how to be the best possible elect-ed official. 
I am so grateful that the Lenihan family was 
willing to share Mike with us, and I know how proud they are of his lifetime of service to Rhode Island. My deepest condolences go out to Mike’s wife Patricia, his daughter Meghan and his grandchildren, Victoria and Bryanna, and I know my colleagues will join me in ex-tending our sympathy to the entire Lenihan family. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STATE SENATOR 
DOROTHY S. ‘‘SUE’’ LANDSKE 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor State Senator Dorothy S. ‘‘Sue’’ Landske, a woman who was fully committed and dedicated to public service for close to a half century. She was known as a woman of warmth who gave indefatigably to those she represented and served. 
Sue began her career in public service in 
1978 when she was elected Lake County’s Township Assessor. She held that position until 1984 when her effort to represent the people of Indiana’s 6th Senatorial District proved successful. 
While in the State Senate, Sue wrote and 
ushered to passage several significant pieces of legislation including bills to give free tuition to Purple Heart recipients, establish objective guidelines for creating legislative and congres-sional districts, and promote women entering the engineering field. In the final years of her senatorial tenure, Sue served as assistant president pro tempore and chair of the Senate Elections Committee. 
It was in the election law and administration 
capacity that I, as Indiana’s 59th Secretary of State, worked most closely with her, particu-larly on Indiana’s best in the nation Photo ID at the polls law and the groundbreaking Vote Centers law. She was an excellent lawmaker and a good friend. 
She was also a fellow ‘‘Regionite,’’ one of 
several colorful names given to residents of our shared home area of Lake County, in the northwest corner of Indiana. Service to the community extended beyond 
her elective service however. A veteran and Colonel of the National Guard Reserves, Sue also remained active in several community or-ganizations. Her commitment to community service was widely recognized and she was a two-time recipient of the prestigious Sagamore of the Wabash Award, a high civilian honor granted only by the Governor. She received that award in both 1980 and 1983. She was also named Outstanding Republican Senator, Lake County Republican of the Year, Jay Cee’s Citizen of the Year, and Business and Professional Woman of the Year. 
Despite her extraordinary service and rec-
ognition, Sue’s true source of pride remained her loving family. She and her husband Wil-liam, who also devoted his life to public serv-ice, celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary in 2007. She leaves her husband, daughters Cathy, Jackie, Pam and Cheryl, and cherished grandchildren. I offer to all of them, their ex-tended families, and all Hoosiers who share the grief of her loss, my sincerest condo-lences. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JAKE MARNIN IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Jake Marnin of Southeast Polk High School for win-ning the Class 3A Heavy Weight bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tour-nament on February 21, 2015. 
Iowa has a long and proud history of strong 
wrestling programs in our state, producing col-lege and Olympic champions for years. Win-ning a state championship is the culmination of years of hard work and commitment, not only on the part of Mr. Marnin, but also his family, teammates, and coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent-athlete demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent Jake and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating Jake on competing in this rigorous competition and wishing continued success in his edu-cation and wrestling career. 
f 
STEPHEN L. CALDWELL 
COMMENDATION 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in recognition of Stephen L. Caldwell, a recently retired Director of the Government Accountability Office’s Homeland Security and Justice team. Steve and his team have provided indispensable support to Con-gressional Committees and individual Mem-bers of both the House of Representatives and the Senate throughout his long service to Congress, and to this nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MR8.008 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E285 March 2, 2015 
As a past Chairman, and now Ranking 
Member of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, I have had the pleasure of working with Steve on many crucial security issues over the years. His experience, knowledge, and profes-sionalism have made him a significant contrib-utor to improving homeland security programs, domestically and abroad. 
In his more than 30 years with the GAO, 
Steve has led the production of innumerable reports, and his work for our Committee has covered issues ranging from protecting our critical infrastructure to promoting resiliency in federal programs and in our civil society at large. 
His astonishing thoroughness and dedica-
tion while working at GAO, one of our most essential independent agencies, has created a legacy that is respected in Congress, and cer-tainly among his peers. 
In recent years Steve has contributed to a 
number of GAO audits of particular interest and help to me as Chairman of the Com-mittee, and now as Ranking Member, and has testified numerous times before our Com-mittee and many others in both the House and Senate. He is known nationally and inter-nationally as an expert regarding the security of the maritime global supply chain and critical infrastructure protection, and has spoken on these issues at innumerable conferences. His articles appear regularly in academic and in-dustry journals. 
Of particular importance, Steve has contrib-
uted to a number of recommendations that have led to significant changes in The Cus-toms and Border Protection’s programs that have improved the security of the maritime supply chain, among other issues, not only in the United States but around the world. 
Personally, I will miss Steve’s commitment, 
know-how, and enthusiasm, and I am sure I speak for the other Members of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, when I say that I am deeply in his debt. I sincerely thank him and his devoted family, and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing 
Stephen L. Caldwell for his remarkable career. He has served well the Government Account-ability Office, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, and countless others in the Federal Government, and especially the citizens of our nation who have benefited from his expertise and dedicated effort. Steve, we will surely miss your hard work, good humor, and sage advice. 
f 
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NA-
TIONAL GUARD HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I introduce a 
bill that would give the mayor of the District of Columbia authority over deploying the D.C. National Guard, after consultation with the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard, with the President retaining authority on federal matters. In local emergencies, in-cluding natural disasters and civil disturbances unrelated to national or homeland security, the mayor of the District should have the same authority that governors exercise over the Na-tional Guard in their states. Each governor, as 
head of state, has the authority to mobilize the National Guard to protect his or her state, just as local militia did historically. 
The National Guards in the 50 states oper-
ate under dual federal and local jurisdiction. Yet only the President and the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard currently have the authority to deploy the D.C. National Guard for local and national purposes, respec-tively. Today, by far the most likely need for the D.C. National Guard here would be for natural disasters, such as hurricanes and floods, and to restore order in the wake of civil disturbances. The mayor, who knows the city better than any federal official and who works closely with federal security officials, should be able to call on the D.C. National Guard for local natural disasters and civil disturbances, after consultation with the Commanding Gen-eral of the D.C. National Guard. The President should be focused on national matters, includ-ing homeland security, not local D.C. matters. Homeland security authority, with respect to the D.C. National Guard, would remain the sole province of the President, along with the power to nationalize the D.C. National Guard for federal matters at will. It does no harm to give the mayor this authority for civil disturb-ances and natural disasters. However, it could do significant harm to leave the mayor power-less to act quickly. If it makes sense that gov-ernors would have control over the mobiliza-tion and deployment of their National Guard, it makes equal sense for the mayor of the Dis-trict, with a population the size of a small state, to have the same authority. 
The mayor of the District, as head of state, 
should have the authority to deploy the D.C. National Guard in instances that do not rise to the level of homeland defense activities. My bill permits the mayor to only deploy the D.C. National Guard after consultation with the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard. The bill is another important step to-ward completing the transfer of full self-gov-ernment powers to the District. Congress began with the passage of the Home Rule Act of 1973, when it delegated most of its author-ity over District matters to an elected mayor and Council. The bill follows that model. 
I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ETHAN ANDERSON 
IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ethan An-derson of Southeast Polk High School for win-ning the Class 3A 220 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tournament on February 21, 2015. 
Iowa has a long and proud history of strong 
wrestling programs in our state, producing col-lege and Olympic champions for years. Win-ning a state championship is the culmination of years of hard work and commitment, not only on the part of Mr. Anderson, but also his family, teammates, and coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent-athlete demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-
ored to represent Ethan and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating Ethan on competing in this rigorous competi-tion and wishing continued success in his edu-cation and wrestling career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. SAMUEL 
JOSEPH SIMON SR. 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize and thank Samuel Joseph Simon Sr. for his 60 years of volunteer service to the Penndel Fire Company. Sam is a remarkable individual of the highest moral character, and it is my pleasure to honor him today. 
Sam’s duty with the Penndel Fire Company 
dates all the way back to 1955—after he served honorably in the U.S. Army during the Korean War. Over the years, no one has been more dedicated to the fire company than Sam. He has held almost every office imaginable: Penndel Fire Chief, Penndel Borough Fire Marshal, Assistant Chief, Captain, Lieutenant, Trustee, and Chairman of the Hall Committee. And, in each of these roles, Sam played an in-tegral part in helping the fire company per-form, save lives and grow as a unit. 
Sam’s true nature is volunteerism, a quality 
he has instilled in the future generations of his family. Over the years, Sam would routinely close his local automotive repair shop in order to respond to fire calls or drive an ambulance for the local emergency squad. Taking care of the people in his community was always his top priority. 
In addition to his work at the fire company, 
Sam has given back to the people of Bucks County as a cofounder of the Bucks County Chapter of the Korean War Veterans Associa-tion, where he helped obtain the funds and oversaw the construction of the Korean Vet-erans Memorial in Doylestown, Pennsyl-vania—a site for all to see. Sam’s passion for community service and devotion to helping people is unmatched. It is people like Sam that keep our neighborhoods thriving day after day. It is an honor to serve you in Congress, Sam. Thanks for all you’ve done for us. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF AMERICORPS VISTA 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor the 50th Anniversary of AmeriCorps VISTA. AmeriCorps VISTA has been on the front lines in the fight against pov-erty in America for 50 years. Every year, more than 8,000 Americans—serving at 1,100 projects nationwide—dedicate their skills, tal-ents and passion in efforts to overcome pov-erty. 
Since 1965, VISTA members have served in 
some of our nation’s most impoverished urban and rural areas. As a result of their dedication, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02MR8.009 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E286 March 2, 2015 
they continue to make a tangible difference in 
the lives of more than 46 million Americans who live in poverty. VISTA focuses on pro-viding structural support for low-income com-munities in order to fight illiteracy, improve health services and foster economic develop-ment. 
In Washington’s 9th Congressional District, 
VISTA members work with several service or-ganizations in the community. In partnership with the United Way of King County, volun-teers help mentor students, advocate for the homeless and provide families with social services. Through their selfless service, VISTA members and volunteers have improved the quality of life for many in our community and 
continue to be a vital force in the fight against poverty. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize AmeriCorps VISTA for its fifty years of service to our nation. VISTA members have set the standard for meaningful volunteer mo-bilization. I look forward to hearing about the future progress and success of VISTA for many years to come. 
f 
CATHERINE ‘‘KAY’’ SANTANGELO 
NEST 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Catherine ‘‘Kay’’ Santangelo Nest who will celebrate her 80th birthday and be honored for a lifetime of dedicated community service and accomplishments tomorrow, Tues-day, March 3, 2015 at the Fort Lee Senior Center in Fort Lee, NJ. 
Kay Nest was born and raised in West New 
York, NJ where she learned the value of com-munity and fighting for a greater cause. Kay’s father was an attorney who often donated his services to those who couldn’t afford them and her mother worked for the West New York Board of Health for over 50 years. Kay’s par-ents devoted much of their time volunteering for charitable and political causes and always lending a helping hand to those in need, so it does not come as a surprise that Kay has be-come the outstanding individual that she is today. 
I am proud to say that Kay and I share the 
same Alma Mater, Fordham University, where she graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Education. Soon after, she married her hus-band Richard A. Nest, the late Mayor of Fort Lee, and they had their first and only child Richard B. Nest. 
Kay has been a past president of UNICO, 
Palisades General Hospital Women’s Auxil-iary, the Friends of Fort Lee Public Library, and the Lions Club. She also served as a Trustee on the Board of Palisades General Hospital, the Chairperson of the Fort Lee Democratic Municipal Committee, Vice Chair-man of the Bergen County Democratic Organi-zation, Chairperson of the Fort Lee Parking Authority, Director of Fort Lee Citizen Council, and Chairperson of Fort Lee Housing Author-ity. Moreover, while taking up leadership posi-tions in different organizations Kay still found the time to help all people in need, regardless of their stature in society. 
Kay’s love for helping others is what moti-
vated her to enter life in politics. However, she did not intend to go into politics herself but 
rather, to make sure that those who were elected to office provided new programs that helped those who were less fortunate and served the people who elected them. Kay was the passionate voice that brought Fort Lee its first two Senior Citizen Housing Apartments and a fully operational Senior Citizen Center along with it, ensuring that the elderly receive the proper care they deserve. 
Kay exhibits the qualities of an individual we 
all strive to be more like. Her philanthropic work in her community has been recognized and led to her being named the 2006 Person of the Year by the the Fort Lee Rotary Club in honor of her dedicated and outstanding service to her community at large over the years. 
Kay is someone everyone in society can as-
pire to emulate. I have known Kay Nest for many years as a friend and as a fellow public servant. I have always admired Kay and she has truly brightened our world with her com-passion and kind nature. 
The job of a United States Congressman in-
volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of individuals such as Kay Nest. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues, Kay’s coworkers, family and friends, all those whose lives she has touched, and me, in recognizing the work of Mrs. Catherine ‘‘Kay’’ Santangelo Nest. 
f 
THE AMERICAN HEALTH SECURITY 
ACT OF 2015 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce the American Health Security Act of 2015, legislation to provide comprehensive health coverage to every American and recog-nize that health care is a human right. 
The Affordable Care Act was a dramatic 
step forward in improving the health security of the American people. This landmark law has expanded access to coverage, improved the solvency of our public programs, and made numerous reforms that have saved con-sumers billions of dollars. As we look for ways to build upon and strengthen the law, we must recognize that millions of Americans continue to fall through the cracks in the private health insurance market. The only way to truly en-sure that access to quality health care is a right enjoyed by every American is through a single-payer system. 
The American Health Security Act builds 
upon the success of the Affordable Care Act by providing universal health coverage to all Americans. It creates a framework that allows states to administer their own universal health insurance systems, subject to rigorous federal standards. Benefits would be comprehensive, costs would be contained, and patients would have full choice of doctor and hospital. This universal model would put an end to the in-equities that continue to plague our system and jeopardize the health security of American families. A TRIBUTE TO MARK BAUDLER IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mark Baudler for being awarded the Prudential Spir-it of Community Award. 
Mark was selected for this honor because of 
his diligent work on a greenhouse for the Nodaway Valley High School. He planned, or-ganized, fundraised and supervised the con-struction for separate Eagle Scout and FFA projects. 
The Prudential Spirit of Community Award is 
a nationwide program honoring young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism. I am proud to see such a strong volunteer spirit in the youth of the 3rd district of Iowa and ap-plaud his parents, Ron and Susan Baudler, teachers and community members that have exemplified volunteerism to Mark. 
I know that all of my colleagues in the 
House join me in congratulating him on being recognized with this award, and I wish him continued success in his future education. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to have it noted in the C ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD that I was unable to vote on 
the Homeland Security Department Continuing Resolution last Friday night due to previously scheduled events held in my district in Hous-ton. 
One of my biggest priorities as a Member of 
this Chamber is being present for every vote. I hope that the majority will make sure that fu-ture votes are held during scheduled times. 
If I had been available Friday evening, I 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
UNEQUIVOCAL SUPPORT FOR 
ISRAEL—AND NO ILLUSIONS ABOUT IRAN’S MURDEROUS IN-TENTIONS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I’d 
like to thank my colleague, Mr. S TEWART , for 
reserving this time to send a message of vig-orous, unequivocal, and unflinching U.S. sup-port for Israel. 
Mr. Speaker, on the eve of Prime Minister 
Netanyahu’s historic address, we have to join his efforts to set the focus on the existential, genocidal threat Iran poses to Israel. 
We have to be realistic about Iranian Presi-
dent Rouhani because many in the media— and some in the administration—have been reluctant to do that. Rouhani has a long his-tory of murderous anti-Semitism and anti- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02MR8.013 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E287 March 2, 2015 
Americanism. The corpses are all over the 
globe. 
Rouhani chaired Iran’s National Security 
Council from 1989 to 2005—the years when Iran plotted the 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish cultural center, which killed 85 people in Buenos Aires. The 1996 attack on the Khobar Towers was also under his tenure— this one killed 19 U.S. servicemen in Saudi Arabia. He continues to support the global ter-rorism of Hezbollah. 
Likewise, Rouhani’s defense minister, 
Hossein Dehghan, participated in plotting the 1983 U.S. Marine barracks bombing in Bei-rut—this crime took the lives of 241 Ameri-cans, including Paul Innocenzi from my dis-trict. His Justice Minister, Mostafa Pour- Mohammadi, played a role in 1988 and 1998 in the summary executions of Iranian political prisoners and killings of intellectuals, as well as assassinations abroad. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the man that our gov-
ernment and Prime Minister Netanyahu are dealing with. For 16 years Rouhani ran Iran’s nuclear program. He has boasted openly of his success in using negotiations as a tool to buy time to advance his program. 
The question before us is whether the 
agreement President Obama is trying to close with Rouhani is yet another deal favorable to the Iranian government, allowing it to move the hand on the nuclear clock yet closer to midnight. 
There are many signs that this is the case. 
Most reports on the negotiations are that the administration is not trying to prevent a nu-clear Iran, but only to preserve some ‘‘break-out time’’—yet will not require the kind of transparency to make even that a remotely re-liable measure. Even worse, it seems the ad-ministration is prepared to accept a ‘‘sunset clause’’—a date after which Iranian nuclear arms would be completely legitimated. And the deal being crafted reportedly ignores Iran’s ballistic missile program. 
All this amounts to a potential catastrophe. 
Unfortunately, the administration seems to have telegraphed its determination to get a deal with Rouhani—almost any deal—and to shut Congress out. This is why I am con-cerned, and why we in Congress and the American people need to hear all the more from Prime Minister Netanyahu. 
Let’s let the Prime Minister know that Con-
gress and the American people stand with Israel, without any ‘ifs,’ or ‘buts,’ or ‘so long as,’ or any other qualifiers, and without any il-lusions about the murderous and manipulative intentions of Rouhani. I’d like to close by thanking Speaker B
OEHNER for inviting Prime 
Minister Netanyahu. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ALEX THOMSEN IN 
THE FIRST SESSION 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Alex Thomsen, a freshman at Underwood High School for winning the Class lA 113 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wres-tling tournament on February 21, 2015. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong 
wrestling programs in our state, producing col-lege and Olympic champions for years. Win-ning a state championship is the culmination of years of hard work and commitment, not only on the part of Mr. Thomsen, but also his parents Aric and Debbie Thomsen, his family and coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent-athlete demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent him and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating Alex on competing in this rigorous competition and wishing continued success in his edu-cation and high school wrestling career. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF BROWNSVILLE INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-
memorate the 100th Anniversary of Browns-ville Independent School District (BISD). 
In March 1915, the Texas House of Rep-
resentatives and Senate both approved a measure transferring control of the city’s public education to the newly created BISD. Prior to the establishment of a school board, the City of Brownsville maintained control of the school system. The Brownsville Board of Trustees met for the first time on March 25, 1915, and was presided by Board President Dr. J.L. Wortman. 
The newly established Brownsville Inde-
pendent School District included Brownsville High School, City Grammar School, the Blalack School, the Las Matanzas School, the Media Luna School, the Nopalita School, the Linerro School, and the West Brownsville School. Superintendent of Schools Lizzie M. Bardour and several trustees continued their service as the schools transitioned from city to board control, and the board instituted a new curriculum that included the creation of a de-partment of domestic economy and an im-proved science department complete with a full skeleton. 
Today, BISD is made up of 58 schools serv-
ing 50,000 students and employing 7,200— making the school district the largest employer within a 95-mile radius in the Rio Grande Val-ley. Of the 58 schools, there are 7 high schools, 11 middle schools, 37 elementary schools, and 3 alternative schools. One of the schools, Filemon B. Vela Middle School, was named after my father who was a Brownsville native and served as a U.S. District Court Judge for the Southern District of Texas. The school district maintains a rich cultural herit-age and prepares graduates to pursue higher education and careers including medicine, en-gineering, science, technology, mathematics, and law enforcement. 
BISD is also an active member of the U.S. 
Chess Federation, and is nationally recog-nized as one of the top chess programs in the nation. Several years ago, BISD students were featured on HBO’s ‘‘Real Sports’’ with Bryant Gumbel showcasing the program. The school district is a powerhouse, taking stu-dents of all grade levels to compete in tour-
naments around the nation. 
Through rigorous academic programs such 
as early college high school, extracurricular activities ranging from band to estudiantina to actors guild, and highly competitive sports— whether football, soccer or swimming—BISD is leading its students, faculty and staff to new heights. BISD is a trailblazer in its own right and worthy of recognition as it reaches this important milestone. 
The continued growth in the student popu-
lation and number of schools has not changed the original mission of BISD, which is to help students become better stewards of society. Mr. Speaker, this month Brownsville Inde-pendent School District celebrates its 100th Anniversary and prepares for the next 100 years with continued dedication to providing all students with a high quality education. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CHASE SHILTZ IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Chase Shiltz of Creston, Iowa for winning the Class 2A 160 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tournament on Feb-ruary 21, 2015. 
Iowa has a long and proud history of strong 
wrestling programs in our state, producing col-lege and Olympic champions for years. Win-ning a state championship is the culmination of years of hard work and commitment, not only on the part of Mr. Shiltz, but also his par-ents John and Dorie Shiltz, his family, and coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent-athlete demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent him and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Chase on competing in this rigorous competition and wishing contin-ued success in his education and high school wrestling career. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PORT HUE-
NEME CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize and congratulate the Port Hueneme Chamber of Commerce on the occasion of its 75th anniversary. Since its in-ception on September 24, 1956, the Port Hue-neme Chamber of Commerce has played a vital role in the growth and advancement of the City of Port Hueneme’s business commu-nity. 
The Port Hueneme Chamber of Commerce 
is a nonprofit California corporation, organized for the purpose of advancing the commercial, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02MR8.019 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E288 March 2, 2015 
industrial, civic, and general interest of the 
City of Port Hueneme, the Oxnard Harbor Dis-trict, and surrounding trade areas. One of the Chamber’s earliest and most important accom-plishments includes its fundamental role in the incorporation of the City of Port Hueneme in 1948. 
Among its many services and programs, the 
Port Hueneme Chamber of Commerce an-swers inquiries regarding city matters, pro-motes community activities and engagement, monitors legislation affecting the business community, provides networking opportunities at events and meetings, and publishes a Busi-ness Directory for the City of Port Hueneme. 
The Port Hueneme Chamber of Commerce 
continuously fosters working relationships and collaborations with many different stakeholders within Port Hueneme. Through its strong membership, varied community programs and special committees, the Port Hueneme Cham-ber of Commerce pays tribute to the history and diversity of its community. 
I am honored to recognize the Port Hue-
neme Chamber of Commerce on the celebra-tion of its 75th anniversary. I applaud and thank the Port Hueneme Chamber of Com-merce for the essential role it has had and continues to have in the enrichment and suc-cessful growth of the City of Port Hueneme. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ISAIAH PATTON IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Isaiah Patton of Dowling Catholic High School for winning the Class 3A 170 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tour-nament on February 21, 2015. 
Iowa has a long and proud history of strong 
wrestling programs in our state, producing col-lege and Olympic champions for years. Win-ning a state championship is the culmination of years of hard work and commitment, not only on the part of Mr. Patton, but also his family, teammates, and coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent-athlete demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent Isaiah and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating Isaiah on competing in this rigorous competi-tion and wishing continued success in his edu-cation and wrestling career. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 2015 PANAMA- 
PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL EXPO-SITION CENTENNIAL 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, with great pride 
I join my constituents and all San Francisco Bay Area residents in celebration of the 2015 Panama-Pacific International Exposition Cen-tennial—our yearlong civic celebration to com-
memorate the Exposition’s historic significance and reflect on its legacy. 
One hundred years ago San Francisco wel-
comed nearly 20 million visitors from across the nation and around the world to witness its rebirth after the devastating 1906 Earthquake and fire and its emergence as a global city. 
Six hundred acres along the western water-
front of the Marina District became the site for the ‘‘Jewel City’’. Eleven Beaux-Arts Palaces were built that contained 21 international pavil-ions. Beyond the impressive architecture were exhibitions of the new technologies of the day—cars, airplanes, telephones, motion pic-tures. 
Most beloved of the surviving structures is 
the Palace of Fine Arts—an exquisite and sub-lime Greco-Romanesque rotunda designed by celebrated architect Bernard Maybeck. Other surviving landmarks include a Municipal Audi-torium, known today as the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium that instilled great civic pride and optimism in a dispirited population. 
The Panama-Pacific International Exhibition 
established our City as an economic and cul-tural powerhouse, illustrating our leadership in science, industry and innovation. It was a grand showcase of human achievement in the sciences, engineering, architecture and the arts. It was a monumental display of, not only San Francisco’s vision, imagination and inno-vation, but its confidence and faith in the fu-ture. 
San Francisco today is still regarded as an 
optimistic and audacious city, a city of dream-ers and innovators, much like the pioneers and visionaries of 1915. And as we celebrate the centennial of this great moment in our city’s history, we are overjoyed that more than thirty-five Bay Area cultural, civic and business organizations will participate in the centennial’s events, exhibitions and activities. 
Congratulations and our deepest gratitude 
to The California Historical Society, the San Francisco Recreation and Parks Department, the Maybeck Foundation, Innovation Hangar, and all the other contributing partners and sponsors for this historic commemoration and extravaganza. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, 
March 03, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s record. MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 4 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2016 for the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior. 
SD–124 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security 
To hold hearings to examine surface 
transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on oversight and reform of the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Inspector General Em-powerment Act of 2015’’, S. 280, to im-prove the efficiency, management, and interagency coordination of the Fed-eral permitting process through re-forms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, H.R. 460, to direct the Secretary of Home-land Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and re-sponsibilities, H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland 
Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Presidential Library Donations Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fed-eral Vehicle Repair Costs Savings Act’’, S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evalua-tion (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emer-gency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials inci-dents involving railroads, S. 242, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal em-ployee who is a veteran with a service- connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, S. 86, to amend title 44 of the United States Code, to provide for the suspen-sion of fines under certain cir-cumstances for first-time paperwork violations by small business concerns, and S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MR8.023 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E289 March 2, 2015 
with mothers of such veterans as pref-
erence eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine whistle-
blower retaliation at the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, focusing on im-proving protections and oversight. 
SD–226 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. 
SD–G50 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Navy and Ma-rine Corps. 
SD–192 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine wasteful du-
plication in the Federal government. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Se-
curity Cooperation 
To hold hearings to examine Russian ag-
gression in Eastern Europe. 
SD–419 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. 
SD–192 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel 
To hold hearings to examine the Active, 
Guard, Reserve, and civilian personnel programs in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 438, to 
provide for the repair, replacement, and maintenance of certain Indian irri-gation projects. 
SD–628 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine the Eco-
nomic Report of the President 2015. 
SD–106 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States nuclear weapons policy, pro-grams, and strategy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 5 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the postures 
on the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine opportuni-
ties for the United States to build on its status as an Arctic nation for the betterment of the nation and those who live in the Arctic. 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine America’s 
health information technology (IT) transformation, focusing on trans-lating the promise of electronic health records into better care. 
SD–430 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from the American Veterans, Para-lyzed Veterans of America, Military Of-ficers Association of America, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Iraq and Af-ghanistan Veterans of America, Viet-nam Veterans of America, Blinded Vet-erans Association, and the National Council on Aging. 
CHOB–345 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. 
SD–192 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Secretary of the Senate, the Senate Sergeant at Arms, and the Capitol Police. 
SD–138 
MARCH 10 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the posture 
of the Department of the Navy in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine continuing 
America’s leadership in medical inno-vation for patients. 
SD–430 
MARCH 11 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine a nation-
wide public safety wireless broadband network. 
SR–253 
MARCH 12 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. North-
ern Command and U.S. Southern Com-mand in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; 
with the possibility of a closed session 
in SVC–217 following the open session. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 556, to 
protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To receive a closed briefing on missile 
defense programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SVC–217 
MARCH 17 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
technological innovation related to the electric grid. 
SD–366 
MARCH 18 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from multiple veterans service organi-zations. 
SD–G50 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Federal Communications Commis-sion. 
SR–253 
MARCH 19 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Stra-
tegic Command, U.S. Transportation Command, and U.S. Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. crude 
oil export policy. 
SD–366 
MARCH 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine manage-
ment reforms to improve forest health and socioeconomic opportunities on the nation’s forest system. 
SD–366 
MARCH 25 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02MR8.000 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E290 March 2, 2015 
MARCH 26 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 CANCELLATIONS 
MARCH 5 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02MR8.000 E02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D203 Monday, March 2, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1207–S1221. 
Measures Introduced: Six bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 617–622, and S. Res. 93.
                                                                                     Page S1217 
Measures Reported: 
S. 166, to stop exploitation through trafficking, 
with an amendment. 
S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-
ficking, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                             Page S1217 
Measures Passed: 
Congressional Gold Medal: Committee on Bank-
ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 431, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                  Page S1220 
Veto Messages: 
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act Veto Mes-
sage—Cloture : Senate began consideration of the 
veto message to accompany S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.
                                            Page S1215 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the veto message to accompany the bill, and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, March 4, 2015.
            Page S1215 
House Messages: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act: Senate resumed consideration of the 
House Message to accompany H.R. 240, making ap-propriations for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, taking action on the following motion proposed 
thereto:
                                                                    Pages S1208–15 
Pending: 
McConnell Motion to insist upon the Senate 
amendment, agree to the request by the House of Representatives for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees.
           Page S1208 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 47 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 64), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the McConnell Motion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the re-quest by the House of Representatives for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to ap-point conferees.
                                                           Page S1214 
By 58 yeas to 31 nays (Vote No. 65), Senate ta-
bled the House Message to accompany the bill. 
                                                                                      Page S1214–15 
Appointments: 
Election Assistance Board of Advisors: The Chair, 
on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 107–252, Title II, Section 214, re-appointed the following individual to the Election Assistance Board of Advisors: Dr. Barbara Simons of California.
                                                                      Page S1220 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S1216–17 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1217–18 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1218–20 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—65)                                                            Pages S1214–15 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:28 p.m., until 9:45 a.m. on Tuesday, March 3, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1221.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MR5.REC D02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D204 March 2, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1188–1207; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 132, 133, 135, and 136, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1524–25 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1526 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 280, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–32, Part 1); 
H.R. 1029, to amend the Environmental Re-
search, Development, and Demonstration Authoriza-tion Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–33); 
H.R. 1030, to prohibit the Environmental Protec-
tion Agency from proposing, finalizing, or dissemi-nating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible (H. Rept. 114–34); 
H.R. 294, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to non-Department medical fos-ter homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–35); and 
H. Res. 134, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 6, 2015, through March 13, 2015 (H. Rept. 114–36).
                                                                 Pages H1523–24 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Emmer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1503 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:20 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H1505 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                     Pages H1506, H1510 Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act: H.R. 294, 
amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of vet-erans to non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independ-ently, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 405 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 107; and 
                                                                                    Pages H1509–11 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read ‘‘To 
amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non- Departmental medical foster homes for certain vet-erans who are unable to live independently.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H1511 
Authorizing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to 
recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs: H.R. 280, 
amended, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
                                                                      Pages H1507–09, H1511 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, March 3.
                         Page H1511 
President’s Export Council—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the President’s Export Council: Representatives Kildee and DelBene.
                                                               Page H1511 
Migratory Bird Conservation Commission—Ap-pointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s ap-
pointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Migratory Bird Conservation Com-mission: Representative Thompson (CA).
     Page H1511 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:53 p.m. and recon-
vened at 9:30 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MR5.REC D02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D205 March 2, 2015 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H1510–11. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 9:31 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE HEARING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 348, the ‘‘Responsibly And Pro-fessionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015’’; H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1155, the ‘‘Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Un-necessarily Burdensome Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
PASSENGER RAIL REFORM AND 
INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 749, the ‘‘Passenger Rail Reform and Invest-ment Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 749. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–9 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any leg-islative day during the period from March 6, 2015, through March 13, 2015: the Journal of the pro-ceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of 
the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that at any time through the legislative day of March 13, 2015, the Chair may postpone further consideration of a measure in the House to such time as may be des-ignated by the Speaker. Testimony was heard from Chairman Shuster and Representatives Mica and Fitzpatrick. 
ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activities’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D159 ) 
H.R. 33, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Signed on February 27, 2015. (Public Law 114–3) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
MARCH 3, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business 
meeting to consider the nominations of Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, and Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, both to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, Time to be an-nounced, Room to be announced. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
a review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine Federal Reserve accountability and reform, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Com-merce and the Department of Transportation, 9 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine fair-
ness in taxation, 9 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on an update on the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), 4 p.m., SVC–217. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MR5.REC D02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D206 March 2, 2015 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immigration 
and the National Interest, to hold an oversight hearing to examine United States citizenship and immigration services, focusing on ensuring agency priorities comply with the law, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, hearing on National Institutes of Health budget, 8:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on United States 
Africa Command budget, 9 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. 
Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies, hearing on U.S. Forest Service budget, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on Installations, En-vironment, Energy and BRAC budget, 1 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Marketing and Regulatory Programs budget, 2 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing on Department of Commerce budget, 2 p.m., H–309 Capitol. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The President’s Proposed Authorization for Use of Military Force Against ISIL and U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture in the Greater Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Align-
ment of Infrastructure Investment and Risk and Defense 
Strategic Requirements’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Energy Markets: How the Changing Dynamics of World Energy Markets Impact our Economy and Energy Security’’, 1:30 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Understanding the Cyber Threat and Implica-tions for the 21st Century Economy’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection’’, 2:30 p.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1147, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; H.R. 1149, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges Facing OIRA in Ensur-ing Transparency and Effective Rulemaking’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1029, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1030, the ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Avia-tion Administration Reauthorization: Enabling a 21st Century Aviation System’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MR5.REC D02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D207 March 02, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 4 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 31 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through February 28, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 31 30 . . 
Time in session ................................... 177 hrs., 11 ′ 144 hrs., 5 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 1,206 1,502 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 280 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... . . 3 3 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 62 80 142 
Senate bills .................................. 3 1 . . House bills .................................. 4 44 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 1 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 2 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 52 31 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... *29 *31 60 
Senate bills .................................. 7 . . . . House bills .................................. 2 19 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . Simple resolutions ....................... 20 12 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 1 . . . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 16 7 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 714 1,375 2,089 
Bills ............................................. 607 1,187 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 9 37 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 6 20 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 92 131 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 4 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 63 62 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 43 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through February 28, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 117, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 115 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 642, disposed of as follows: 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 642 
Air Force nominations, totaling 300, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 33 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 267 
Army nominations, totaling 108, disposed of as follows: 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 108 
Navy nominations, totaling 66, disposed of as follows: 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 66 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,032, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 8 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,024 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 2,265 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 43 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,222 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 0 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D02MR5.REC D02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD208 March 2, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:45 a.m., Tuesday, March 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 10:30 a.m. 
At 10:30 a.m., Senate will recess until 2:15 p.m. to 
allow for the Joint Meeting of Congress with His Excel-lency Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, as well as for their respective party conferences. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, March 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Joint Meeting with the Senate to 
Receive His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Min-ister of Israel. Consideration of H.R. 749—Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E283 
Brownley, Julia, Calif., E287 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E282 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E283 Farr, Sam, Calif., E281 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E285 Green, Gene, Tex., E286 Keating, William R., Mass., E281 
Langevin, James R., R.I., E284 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E286 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E283, E283 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E285 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E286 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E288 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E284 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E282 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E282 
Smith, Adam, Wash., E285 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E286 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E284 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E287 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E281 Young, David, Iowa, E281, E282, E283, E284, E285, E286, 
E287, E287, E288 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02MR5.REC D02MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST