Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4245 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2015 No. 94 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, June 15, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JUNE12, 2015 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving and gracious God, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
We ask today that You bless the 
Members of this assembly to be the 
best and most faithful servants of the people they serve. Purify their inten-tions that they will say what they be-lieve and act consistently with their words. 
Help them, indeed help us all, to be 
honest with themselves so that they will not only be concerned with how their words and deeds are weighed by others, but also with how their words and deeds affect the lives of those in need and those who look to them for support, help, strength, and leadership. 
May all that is done this day in the 
people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ob-
ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led 
the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without 
amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. C ON. RES. 54. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the reprinting of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Con-stitution. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: H.R. 615. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to take adminis-trative action to achieve and maintain inter-operable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1568. An act to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
REMEMBERING STATE 
REPRESENTATIVE JOHN BUCKNER 
(Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of a great public servant to the State of Colorado, State Representative John Buckner of Au-rora, Colorado, who recently passed away. 
I have had the honor of knowing 
John Buckner for the last 30 years. We first met in 1985 when we were both members of the first Leadership Aurora 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.000 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4246 June 12, 2015 
class sponsored by the Aurora Chamber 
of Commerce. 
At that time, I was a small-business 
owner and John Buckner was an educa-tor with the Cherry Creek School sys-tem. I found John Buckner to always be soft-spoken, warm, and passionate about his dedicated leadership in pub-lic education. 
State Representative John Buckner 
had that same passion in representing his constituents in the Colorado Gen-eral Assembly, and his loss will be felt by our entire community. 
f 
FAST TRACK 
(Mr. NOLAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, Members 
of the House, the simple truth is these trade agreements are destroying our middle class. They are causing millions of Americans in mining and manufac-turing to lose their jobs, millions of others to lose wages and benefits. It now takes two or three jobs to earn the same kind of income that one used to be able to earn from one job before these trade agreements. 
The fact is, over the last century, we 
built the strongest middle class in the history of this world with living wages 
and benefits and protections for health and safety and the environment; but with the emergence of these trade agreements, we are asking Americans to compete with countries who have little or none of these benefits. To com-pete, Americans would have to give up on all this progress, give up on the American Dream. That is what this is all about. 
I have reviewed the TPP documents 
and, make no mistake about it, this is a race to the bottom. The time has come for Congress to say ‘‘no’’ to these agreements. The time has come to put an end to them. They have been nego-tiated in secret for the benefit of a few and kept from the public for the ben-efit of the few at the top of our eco-nomic ladder. 
The fact is it is destroying the Amer-
ican Dream—the American economy, the middle class, and, with that, the American Dream. 
f 
NATIONAL COLLEGIATE 
ATHLETICS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the National Collegiate Athletic Ac-countability Act introduced by my friend and Penn State fellow alumnus, Congressman C
HARLIE DENT. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no secret that 
for years the NCAA has failed when it comes to following their own rules. It has certainly failed when it comes to unduly exerting their perceived powers over college athletics. The bipartisan National Collegiate 
Athletics Accountability Act will en-sure that the NCAA is held to the high-est standard possible by providing much-needed accountability and re-forms. The NCAA Act would prohibit universities from receiving title IV funds if they participate in athletic as-sociations that do not implement and enforce specific rules related to stu-dent athletes’ health, safety, edu-cation, and due process protections. 
For far too long, we have seen the 
NCAA fail to protect the well-being of our student athletes, and this bipar-tisan legislation is a huge step in the right direction to help fix that. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support this bipartisan measure. 
f 
STOP TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE AND SAVE AMERICA’S ECONOMY 
(Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, how 
many times will Congress pretend to be fooled by yet another job-killing trade agreement. 
First, there was NAFTA. They told 
us it would create hundreds of thou-sands of jobs. Unfortunately, they ne-glected to say they would be south of the border, and they would be at the expense of American workers. 
Then there was the WTO. We are 
going to level the playing field—yeah, it is at bargain-basement prices—and compete with Chinese workers at 25 cents an hour and unfair trade prac-tices. 
Now, the Obama administration has 
a new paradigm—Korea. ‘‘This is the model for the future. It is going to be great.’’ We are already running larger trade deficits with Korea. We have al-ready lost 50,000 jobs. 
Now, the last, biggest, worst trade 
agreement—the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. Ironically, a key vote will be over something called trade adjustment as-sistance. That is right; it is critical. We have to have that because hundreds of thousands or millions of Americans are going to lose their jobs, so we need to retrain them for McDonald’s or other high-level jobs. Secondly, of course, the trade adjustment assist-ance is funded by cutting Medicare. 
So this is the critical vote. Iron-
ically, this is it. They have got the votes from corporate America and the Obama administration to jam this thing through unless we kill trade ad-justment assistance. We can stop it here today and save America’s econ-omy. 
f 
BRINGING MILITARY WORKING 
DOGS HOME 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, the ac-
tions of the brave men and women in the military sacrifice so much for our country. Many of these soldiers on the front lines are aided by military work-ing dogs who perform countless, dan-gerous actions on the battlefield. So it is easy to understand why there is a special bond that is formed between servicemembers and their military service dogs. 
Currently, the Department of De-
fense is not required to bring these dogs home after they are retired, and this means veterans are often forced to spend their own money to transport them back to the United States for adoption. That is why I have intro-duced bipartisan legislation with my colleague, Congresswoman K
YRSTEN  
SINEMA , that would fix this problem by 
ensuring that military working dogs are returned to the United States for adoption. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a waiting list of 
over 1,200 people looking to adopt these canines, and ensuring that our troops and veterans can easily adopt these dogs honors their service and their partnership. 
f 
HONORING CHARLES ‘‘BOB’’ 
PROVINE, JR., ON HIS 95TH BIRTHDAY 
(Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
my colleagues to join me in honoring the service of Charles ‘‘Bob’’ Provine, Jr., on his 95th birthday today. 
Originally born in Redwood City, 
California, Bob’s family moved to the town of Antioch when he was 1 year old, initially living in a tent. After working with the U.S. Army as a civil-ian firefighter during his junior year in high school, he enlisted in the United States Army during the Second World War, serving with the 376th Infantry Regiment, 94th Division. During this time, Bob saw combat action in Ger-many and served in the occupation of Czechoslovakia and Germany, finally coming home to Antioch. 
After serving our great Nation at 
war, Bob served his community in peace as a volunteer firefighter and, for many years, as a volunteer at the pub-lic library. Bob saw Antioch grow from 35,000 to over 100,000 people. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
honoring Bob Provine for his service to his community and to our great Na-tion. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN NEPAL 
(Mr. HULTGREN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to draw attention to not only the human toll incurred by Nepal’s earth-quakes in April, but also atrocious ex-ploitation occurring in the aftermath. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4247 June 12, 2015 
Recent news reports have revealed 
that criminal groups, some masquerading as relief workers, are luring young girls and boys across bor-ders into brothels in India into forced prostitution or into forced labor. Some traffickers have put a price on these young ones’ lives, offering $500 per child. 
It is truly sickening that these crimi-
nals are using the chaos and insecurity following an earthquake that claimed 8,000 lives to steal many more vulner-able lives. The United Nations and some NGOs estimate between 12,000 and 15,000 girls are trafficked from Nepal alone. 
As a member of the Tom Lantos 
Human Rights Commission, I have in-troduced legislation targeting the de-mand for sex trafficking. Those who sell and purchase these young lives must be brought to justice, and govern-ment must take action. Nepal’s most vulnerable cannot and should not be forgotten. 
f 
HIGH-SPEED RAIL AND JOB 
TRAINING 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to express the importance of investing in our Nation’s infrastructure. This is all about the future economy of this Nation and jobs, jobs, and jobs. 
Today, we are living off the invest-
ments that our parents and our grand-parents made generations ago. Let me give you an example of what we are trying to do in California. 
A high-speed rail project is a great 
example of how you invest in the fu-ture. This project in California will create 20,000 jobs annually for the next 5 years, a fact important not only to California, but my district, which is economically challenged. 
Workforce investment boards in my 
district and throughout the valley have dedicated resources to making sure that the local workforce is ready to build. Apprenticeship programs like these connect disadvantaged workers with good-paying jobs and boost the valley’s economy. 
The California high-speed rail 
project, which combines Federal, State, and private sector investments, will ensure that our State transpor-tation infrastructure is fit for the 21st century. 
Here in our Nation’s Capital, we need 
to provide the long-term funding for in-frastructure across the Nation. That is what we need to do: to invest in our water projects and invest in our trans-portation projects. That is what we need for jobs in the 21st century. 
f 
ARMY’S 240TH BIRTHDAY 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, Sunday marks the 240th birthday of the United States Army. Established on June 14, 1775, as the Continental Army, the U.S. Army faithfully protects American families. 
I am grateful to represent Fort Jack-
son, the largest initial-entry training facility in the U.S. Army. Last month, I attended Fort Jackson’s change of command, where I was honored to rec-ognize Major General Bradley Becker and Brigadier General Roger Cloutier for their leadership and dedicated serv-ice. 
As the son of an Army Air Corps Fly-
ing Tiger of the 14th Air Force and as the father of three sons currently serv-ing in the South Carolina Army Na-tional Guard and myself as a veteran of the Army Reserve in the South Caro-lina Army National Guard, I am grate-ful to know firsthand of the com-petence and patriotism of our service-members. 
Twenty-five years ago today, I vis-
ited the Berlin Wall and was denied entry into East Germany at the Bran-denburg Gate. Now, more countries than ever live in freedom and democ-racy than in the history of the world due to the success of the U.S. military. 
Today is the anniversary of President 
Ronald Reagan’s proclamation, ‘‘Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall’’ in 1987, proving peace through strength. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
God bless the U.S. Army. 
f 
VOTE DOWN FAST TRACK 
(Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, today 
this Congress can be fast-tracked or it can take the right track. We can seek strong, new trade agreements that ben-efit American families, or we can con-tinue to backtrack with the failed poli-cies of the past. 
In the Ways and Means Committee, 
in the Rules Committee, every attempt to make constructive improvements in this fast-track bill have been side-tracked. 
First, we ask that the foreign cor-
porations not be given more rights than American corporations and tax-payer funds awarded by some private tribunal. 
Second, we ask that the Administra-
tion, if it is such a good trade deal, that they be open with it. Tell us at least as much as the Vietnamese Polit-buro learned. 
Third, I ask that they at least meet 
the environmental standards of the last Bush administration. 
In each case, those amendments and 
all other constructive improvements were rejected. 
Today, let’s not backtrack. Let’s not 
fast-track. Let’s vote down this bill and have an opportunity to create a 21st century trade policy that meets 
the needs of our families and busi-nesses. 
f 
b0915 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 305, I call up the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amend-ment thereto, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. 
Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Trade negotiating objectives. Sec. 103. Trade agreements authority. Sec. 104. Congressional oversight, consulta-
tions, and access to information. 
Sec. 105. Notice, consultations, and reports. Sec. 106. Implementation of trade agreements. Sec. 107. Treatment of certain trade agreements 
for which negotiations have al-ready begun. 
Sec. 108. Sovereignty. Sec. 109. Interests of small businesses. Sec. 110. Conforming amendments; application 
of certain provisions. 
Sec. 111. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Application of provisions relating to 
trade adjustment assistance. 
Sec. 203. Extension of trade adjustment assist-
ance program. 
Sec. 204. Performance measurement and report-
ing. 
Sec. 205. Applicability of trade adjustment as-
sistance provisions. 
Sec. 206. Sunset provisions. Sec. 207. Extension and modification of Health 
Coverage Tax Credit. 
Sec. 208. Customs user fees. Sec. 209. Child tax credit not refundable for 
taxpayers electing to exclude for-eign earned income from tax. 
Sec. 210. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 211. Coverage and payment for renal dialy-
sis services for individuals with acute kidney injury. 
Sec. 212. Modification of the Medicare sequester 
for fiscal year 2024. 
TITLE I—TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan 
Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVES. 
(a) O VERALL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJEC-
TIVES .—The overall trade negotiating objectives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.003 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4248 June 12, 2015 
of the United States for agreements subject to 
the provisions of section 103 are— 
(1) to obtain more open, equitable, and recip-
rocal market access; 
(2) to obtain the reduction or elimination of 
barriers and distortions that are directly related to trade and investment and that decrease mar-ket opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; 
(3) to further strengthen the system of inter-
national trade and investment disciplines and procedures, including dispute settlement; 
(4) to foster economic growth, raise living 
standards, enhance the competitiveness of the United States, promote full employment in the United States, and enhance the global economy; 
(5) to ensure that trade and environmental 
policies are mutually supportive and to seek to protect and preserve the environment and en-hance the international means of doing so, while optimizing the use of the world’s re-sources; 
(6) to promote respect for worker rights and 
the rights of children consistent with core labor standards of the ILO (as set out in section 111(7)) and an understanding of the relationship between trade and worker rights; 
(7) to seek provisions in trade agreements 
under which parties to those agreements ensure that they do not weaken or reduce the protec-tions afforded in domestic environmental and labor laws as an encouragement for trade; 
(8) to ensure that trade agreements afford 
small businesses equal access to international markets, equitable trade benefits, and expanded export market opportunities, and provide for the reduction or elimination of trade and investment barriers that disproportionately impact small businesses; 
(9) to promote universal ratification and full 
compliance with ILO Convention No. 182 Con-cerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor; 
(10) to ensure that trade agreements reflect 
and facilitate the increasingly interrelated, multi-sectoral nature of trade and investment activity; 
(11) to recognize the growing significance of 
the Internet as a trading platform in inter-national commerce; 
(12) to take into account other legitimate 
United States domestic objectives, including, but not limited to, the protection of legitimate health or safety, essential security, and con-sumer interests and the law and regulations re-lated thereto; and 
(13) to take into account conditions relating to 
religious freedom of any party to negotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. 
(b) P
RINCIPAL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJEC-
TIVES .— 
(1) T RADE IN GOODS .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States regarding trade in goods are— 
(A) to expand competitive market opportuni-
ties for exports of goods from the United States and to obtain fairer and more open conditions of trade, including through the utilization of glob-al value chains, by reducing or eliminating tar-iff and nontariff barriers and policies and prac-tices of foreign governments directly related to trade that decrease market opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; and 
(B) to obtain reciprocal tariff and nontariff 
barrier elimination agreements, including with respect to those tariff categories covered in sec-tion 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(2) T
RADE IN SERVICES .—(A) The principal ne-
gotiating objective of the United States regard-ing trade in services is to expand competitive market opportunities for United States services and to obtain fairer and more open conditions of trade, including through utilization of global value chains, by reducing or eliminating bar-riers to international trade in services, such as regulatory and other barriers that deny na-
tional treatment and market access or unreason-ably restrict the establishment or operations of service suppliers. 
(B) Recognizing that expansion of trade in 
services generates benefits for all sectors of the economy and facilitates trade, the objective de-scribed in subparagraph (A) should be pursued through all means, including through a plurilateral agreement with those countries will-ing and able to undertake high standard serv-ices commitments for both existing and new services. 
(3) T
RADE IN AGRICULTURE .—The principal ne-
gotiating objective of the United States with re-spect to agriculture is to obtain competitive op-portunities for United States exports of agricul-tural commodities in foreign markets substan-tially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports in United States mar-kets and to achieve fairer and more open condi-tions of trade in bulk, specialty crop, and value added commodities by— 
(A) securing more open and equitable market 
access through robust rules on sanitary and phytosanitary measures that— 
(i) encourage the adoption of international 
standards and require a science-based justifica-tion be provided for a sanitary or phytosanitary measure if the measure is more restrictive than the applicable international standard; 
(ii) improve regulatory coherence, promote the 
use of systems-based approaches, and appro-priately recognize the equivalence of health and safety protection systems of exporting countries; 
(iii) require that measures are transparently 
developed and implemented, are based on risk assessments that take into account relevant international guidelines and scientific data, and are not more restrictive on trade than necessary to meet the intended purpose; and 
(iv) improve import check processes, including 
testing methodologies and procedures, and cer-tification requirements, 
while recognizing that countries may put in 
place measures to protect human, animal, or plant life or health in a manner consistent with their international obligations, including the WTO Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (referred to in sec-tion 101(d)(3) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(3))); 
(B) reducing or eliminating, by a date certain, 
tariffs or other charges that decrease market op-portunities for United States exports— 
(i) giving priority to those products that are 
subject to significantly higher tariffs or subsidy regimes of major producing countries; and 
(ii) providing reasonable adjustment periods 
for United States import sensitive products, in close consultation with Congress on such prod-ucts before initiating tariff reduction negotia-tions; 
(C) reducing tariffs to levels that are the same 
as or lower than those in the United States; 
(D) reducing or eliminating subsidies that de-
crease market opportunities for United States exports or unfairly distort agriculture markets to the detriment of the United States; 
(E) allowing the preservation of programs that 
support family farms and rural communities but do not distort trade; 
(F) developing disciplines for domestic support 
programs, so that production that is in excess of domestic food security needs is sold at world prices; 
(G) eliminating government policies that cre-
ate price depressing surpluses; 
(H) eliminating state trading enterprises 
whenever possible; 
(I) developing, strengthening, and clarifying 
rules to eliminate practices that unfairly de-crease United States market access opportunities or distort agricultural markets to the detriment of the United States, and ensuring that such rules are subject to efficient, timely, and effec-tive dispute settlement, including— 
(i) unfair or trade distorting activities of state 
trading enterprises and other administrative mechanisms, with emphasis on requiring price 
transparency in the operation of state trading enterprises and such other mechanisms in order to end cross subsidization, price discrimination, and price undercutting; 
(ii) unjustified trade restrictions or commercial 
requirements, such as labeling, that affect new technologies, including biotechnology; 
(iii) unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary re-
strictions, including restrictions not based on scientific principles in contravention of obliga-tions in the Uruguay Round Agreements or bi-lateral or regional trade agreements; 
(iv) other unjustified technical barriers to 
trade; and 
(v) restrictive rules in the administration of 
tariff rate quotas; 
(J) eliminating practices that adversely affect 
trade in perishable or cyclical products, while improving import relief mechanisms to recognize the unique characteristics of perishable and cy-clical agriculture; 
(K) ensuring that import relief mechanisms for 
perishable and cyclical agriculture are as acces-sible and timely to growers in the United States as those mechanisms that are used by other countries; 
(L) taking into account whether a party to 
the negotiations has failed to adhere to the pro-visions of already existing trade agreements with the United States or has circumvented obli-gations under those agreements; 
(M) taking into account whether a product is 
subject to market distortions by reason of a fail-ure of a major producing country to adhere to the provisions of already existing trade agree-ments with the United States or by the cir-cumvention by that country of its obligations under those agreements; 
(N) otherwise ensuring that countries that ac-
cede to the World Trade Organization have made meaningful market liberalization commit-ments in agriculture; 
(O) taking into account the impact that agree-
ments covering agriculture to which the United States is a party have on the United States agri-cultural industry; 
(P) maintaining bona fide food assistance pro-
grams, market development programs, and ex-port credit programs; 
(Q) seeking to secure the broadest market ac-
cess possible in multilateral, regional, and bilat-eral negotiations, recognizing the effect that si-multaneous sets of negotiations may have on United States import sensitive commodities (in-cluding those subject to tariff rate quotas); 
(R) seeking to develop an international con-
sensus on the treatment of seasonal or perish-able agricultural products in investigations re-lating to dumping and safeguards and in any other relevant area; 
(S) seeking to establish the common base year 
for calculating the Aggregated Measurement of Support (as defined in the Agreement on Agri-culture) as the end of each country’s Uruguay Round implementation period, as reported in each country’s Uruguay Round market access schedule; 
(T) ensuring transparency in the administra-
tion of tariff rate quotas through multilateral, plurilateral, and bilateral negotiations; and 
(U) eliminating and preventing the under-
mining of market access for United States prod-ucts through improper use of a country’s system for protecting or recognizing geographical indi-cations, including failing to ensure trans-parency and procedural fairness and protecting generic terms. 
(4) F
OREIGN INVESTMENT .—Recognizing that 
United States law on the whole provides a high level of protection for investment, consistent with or greater than the level required by inter-national law, the principal negotiating objec-tives of the United States regarding foreign in-vestment are to reduce or eliminate artificial or trade distorting barriers to foreign investment, while ensuring that foreign investors in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4249 June 12, 2015 
United States are not accorded greater sub-
stantive rights with respect to investment pro-tections than United States investors in the United States, and to secure for investors impor-tant rights comparable to those that would be available under United States legal principles and practice, by— 
(A) reducing or eliminating exceptions to the 
principle of national treatment; 
(B) freeing the transfer of funds relating to 
investments; 
(C) reducing or eliminating performance re-
quirements, forced technology transfers, and other unreasonable barriers to the establishment and operation of investments; 
(D) seeking to establish standards for expro-
priation and compensation for expropriation, consistent with United States legal principles and practice; 
(E) seeking to establish standards for fair and 
equitable treatment, consistent with United States legal principles and practice, including the principle of due process; 
(F) providing meaningful procedures for re-
solving investment disputes; 
(G) seeking to improve mechanisms used to re-
solve disputes between an investor and a gov-ernment through— 
(i) mechanisms to eliminate frivolous claims 
and to deter the filing of frivolous claims; 
(ii) procedures to ensure the efficient selection 
of arbitrators and the expeditious disposition of claims; 
(iii) procedures to enhance opportunities for 
public input into the formulation of government positions; and 
(iv) providing for an appellate body or similar 
mechanism to provide coherence to the interpre-tations of investment provisions in trade agree-ments; and 
(H) ensuring the fullest measure of trans-
parency in the dispute settlement mechanism, to the extent consistent with the need to protect in-formation that is classified or business confiden-tial, by— 
(i) ensuring that all requests for dispute settle-
ment are promptly made public; 
(ii) ensuring that— (I) all proceedings, submissions, findings, and 
decisions are promptly made public; and 
(II) all hearings are open to the public; and (iii) establishing a mechanism for acceptance 
of amicus curiae submissions from businesses, unions, and nongovernmental organizations. 
(5) I
NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States re-garding trade-related intellectual property are— 
(A) to further promote adequate and effective 
protection of intellectual property rights, in-cluding through— 
(i)(I) ensuring accelerated and full implemen-
tation of the Agreement on Trade-Related As-pects of Intellectual Property Rights referred to in section 101(d)(15) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(15)), particu-larly with respect to meeting enforcement obli-gations under that agreement; and 
(II) ensuring that the provisions of any trade 
agreement governing intellectual property rights that is entered into by the United States reflect a standard of protection similar to that found in United States law; 
(ii) providing strong protection for new and 
emerging technologies and new methods of transmitting and distributing products embody-ing intellectual property, including in a manner that facilitates legitimate digital trade; 
(iii) preventing or eliminating discrimination 
with respect to matters affecting the avail-ability, acquisition, scope, maintenance, use, and enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
(iv) ensuring that standards of protection and 
enforcement keep pace with technological devel-opments, and in particular ensuring that rightholders have the legal and technological means to control the use of their works through the Internet and other global communication media, and to prevent the unauthorized use of their works; (v) providing strong enforcement of intellec-
tual property rights, including through acces-sible, expeditious, and effective civil, adminis-trative, and criminal enforcement mechanisms; and 
(vi) preventing or eliminating government in-
volvement in the violation of intellectual prop-erty rights, including cyber theft and piracy; 
(B) to secure fair, equitable, and nondiscrim-
inatory market access opportunities for United States persons that rely upon intellectual prop-erty protection; and 
(C) to respect the Declaration on the TRIPS 
Agreement and Public Health, adopted by the World Trade Organization at the Fourth Min-isterial Conference at Doha, Qatar on November 14, 2001, and to ensure that trade agreements foster innovation and promote access to medi-cines. 
(6) D
IGITAL TRADE IN GOODS AND SERVICES AND  
CROSS -BORDER DATA FLOWS .—The principal ne-
gotiating objectives of the United States with re-spect to digital trade in goods and services, as well as cross-border data flows, are— 
(A) to ensure that current obligations, rules, 
disciplines, and commitments under the World Trade Organization and bilateral and regional trade agreements apply to digital trade in goods and services and to cross-border data flows; 
(B) to ensure that— (i) electronically delivered goods and services 
receive no less favorable treatment under trade rules and commitments than like products deliv-ered in physical form; and 
(ii) the classification of such goods and serv-
ices ensures the most liberal trade treatment possible, fully encompassing both existing and new trade; 
(C) to ensure that governments refrain from 
implementing trade-related measures that im-pede digital trade in goods and services, restrict cross-border data flows, or require local storage or processing of data; 
(D) with respect to subparagraphs (A) 
through (C), where legitimate policy objectives require domestic regulations that affect digital trade in goods and services or cross-border data flows, to obtain commitments that any such reg-ulations are the least restrictive on trade, non-discriminatory, and transparent, and promote an open market environment; and 
(E) to extend the moratorium of the World 
Trade Organization on duties on electronic transmissions. 
(7) R
EGULATORY PRACTICES .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States re-garding the use of government regulation or other practices to reduce market access for United States goods, services, and investments are— 
(A) to achieve increased transparency and op-
portunity for the participation of affected par-ties in the development of regulations; 
(B) to require that proposed regulations be 
based on sound science, cost benefit analysis, risk assessment, or other objective evidence; 
(C) to establish consultative mechanisms and 
seek other commitments, as appropriate, to im-prove regulatory practices and promote in-creased regulatory coherence, including through— 
(i) transparency in developing guidelines, 
rules, regulations, and laws for government pro-curement and other regulatory regimes; 
(ii) the elimination of redundancies in testing 
and certification; 
(iii) early consultations on significant regula-
tions; 
(iv) the use of impact assessments; (v) the periodic review of existing regulatory 
measures; and 
(vi) the application of good regulatory prac-
tices; 
(D) to seek greater openness, transparency, 
and convergence of standards development proc-esses, and enhance cooperation on standards issues globally; 
(E) to promote regulatory compatibility 
through harmonization, equivalence, or mutual recognition of different regulations and stand-
ards and to encourage the use of international and interoperable standards, as appropriate; 
(F) to achieve the elimination of government 
measures such as price controls and reference pricing which deny full market access for United States products; 
(G) to ensure that government regulatory re-
imbursement regimes are transparent, provide procedural fairness, are nondiscriminatory, and provide full market access for United States products; and 
(H) to ensure that foreign governments— (i) demonstrate that the collection of undis-
closed proprietary information is limited to that necessary to satisfy a legitimate and justifiable regulatory interest; and 
(ii) protect such information against disclo-
sure, except in exceptional circumstances to pro-tect the public, or where such information is ef-fectively protected against unfair competition. 
(8) S
TATE-OWNED AND STATE -CONTROLLED EN -
TERPRISES .—The principal negotiating objective 
of the United States regarding competition by state-owned and state-controlled enterprises is to seek commitments that— 
(A) eliminate or prevent trade distortions and 
unfair competition favoring state-owned and state-controlled enterprises to the extent of their engagement in commercial activity, and 
(B) ensure that such engagement is based 
solely on commercial considerations, 
in particular through disciplines that eliminate 
or prevent discrimination and market-distorting subsidies and that promote transparency. 
(9) L
OCALIZATION BARRIERS TO TRADE .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to localization barriers is to eliminate and prevent measures that require United States producers and service providers to locate facilities, intellectual property, or other assets in a country as a market access or invest-ment condition, including indigenous innova-tion measures. 
(10) L
ABOR AND THE ENVIRONMENT .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to labor and the environment are— 
(A) to ensure that a party to a trade agree-
ment with the United States— 
(i) adopts and maintains measures imple-
menting internationally recognized core labor standards (as defined in section 111(17)) and its obligations under common multilateral environ-mental agreements (as defined in section 111(6)), 
(ii) does not waive or otherwise derogate from, 
or offer to waive or otherwise derogate from— 
(I) its statutes or regulations implementing 
internationally recognized core labor standards (as defined in section 111(17)), in a manner af-fecting trade or investment between the United States and that party, where the waiver or dero-gation would be inconsistent with one or more such standards, or 
(II) its environmental laws in a manner that 
weakens or reduces the protections afforded in those laws and in a manner affecting trade or investment between the United States and that party, except as provided in its law and pro-vided not inconsistent with its obligations under common multilateral environmental agreements (as defined in section 111(6)) or other provisions of the trade agreement specifically agreed upon, and 
(iii) does not fail to effectively enforce its en-
vironmental or labor laws, through a sustained or recurring course of action or inaction, 
in a manner affecting trade or investment be-
tween the United States and that party after entry into force of a trade agreement between those countries; 
(B) to recognize that— (i) with respect to environment, parties to a 
trade agreement retain the right to exercise prosecutorial discretion and to make decisions regarding the allocation of enforcement re-sources with respect to other environmental laws determined to have higher priorities, and a party is effectively enforcing its laws if a course 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4250 June 12, 2015 
of action or inaction reflects a reasonable, bona 
fide exercise of such discretion, or results from a reasonable, bona fide decision regarding the al-location of resources; and 
(ii) with respect to labor, decisions regarding 
the distribution of enforcement resources are not a reason for not complying with a party’s labor obligations; a party to a trade agreement retains the right to reasonable exercise of discretion and to make bona fide decisions regarding the allo-cation of resources between labor enforcement activities among core labor standards, provided the exercise of such discretion and such deci-sions are not inconsistent with its obligations; 
(C) to strengthen the capacity of United 
States trading partners to promote respect for core labor standards (as defined in section 111(7)); 
(D) to strengthen the capacity of United 
States trading partners to protect the environ-ment through the promotion of sustainable de-velopment; 
(E) to reduce or eliminate government prac-
tices or policies that unduly threaten sustain-able development; 
(F) to seek market access, through the elimi-
nation of tariffs and nontariff barriers, for United States environmental technologies, goods, and services; 
(G) to ensure that labor, environmental, 
health, or safety policies and practices of the parties to trade agreements with the United States do not arbitrarily or unjustifiably dis-criminate against United States exports or serve as disguised barriers to trade; 
(H) to ensure that enforceable labor and envi-
ronment obligations are subject to the same dis-pute settlement and remedies as other enforce-able obligations under the agreement; and 
(I) to ensure that a trade agreement is not 
construed to empower a party’s authorities to undertake labor or environmental law enforce-ment activities in the territory of the United States. 
(11) C
URRENCY .—The principal negotiating ob-
jective of the United States with respect to cur-rency practices is that parties to a trade agree-ment with the United States avoid manipulating exchange rates in order to prevent effective bal-ance of payments adjustment or to gain an un-fair competitive advantage over other parties to the agreement, such as through cooperative mechanisms, enforceable rules, reporting, moni-toring, transparency, or other means, as appro-priate. 
(12) F
OREIGN CURRENCY MANIPULATION .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency practices is to seek to establish accountability through en-forceable rules, transparency, reporting, moni-toring, cooperative mechanisms, or other means to address exchange rate manipulation involv-ing protracted large scale intervention in one di-rection in the exchange markets and a persist-ently undervalued foreign exchange rate to gain an unfair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agreement, consistent with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
(13) WTO 
AND MULTILATERAL TRADE AGREE -
MENTS .—Recognizing that the World Trade Or-
ganization is the foundation of the global trad-ing system, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding the World Trade Organization, the Uruguay Round Agreements, and other multilateral and plurilateral trade agreements are— 
(A) to achieve full implementation and extend 
the coverage of the World Trade Organization and multilateral and plurilateral agreements to products, sectors, and conditions of trade not adequately covered; 
(B) to expand country participation in and 
enhancement of the Information Technology Agreement, the Government Procurement Agree-ment, and other plurilateral trade agreements of the World Trade Organization; (C) to expand competitive market opportuni-
ties for United States exports and to obtain fair-er and more open conditions of trade, including through utilization of global value chains, through the negotiation of new WTO multilat-eral and plurilateral trade agreements, such as an agreement on trade facilitation; 
(D) to ensure that regional trade agreements 
to which the United States is not a party fully achieve the high standards of, and comply with, WTO disciplines, including Article XXIV of GATT 1994, Article V and V bis of the General Agreement on Trade in Services, and the Ena-bling Clause, including through meaningful WTO review of such regional trade agreements; 
(E) to enhance compliance by WTO members 
with their obligations as WTO members through active participation in the bodies of the World Trade Organization by the United States and all other WTO members, including in the trade pol-icy review mechanism and the committee system of the World Trade Organization, and by work-ing to increase the effectiveness of such bodies; and 
(F) to encourage greater cooperation between 
the World Trade Organization and other inter-national organizations. 
(14) T
RADE INSTITUTION TRANSPARENCY .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to transparency is to obtain wider and broader application of the principle of transparency in the World Trade Organiza-tion, entities established under bilateral and re-gional trade agreements, and other inter-national trade fora through seeking— 
(A) timely public access to information regard-
ing trade issues and the activities of such insti-tutions; 
(B) openness by ensuring public access to ap-
propriate meetings, proceedings, and submis-sions, including with regard to trade and invest-ment dispute settlement; and 
(C) public access to all notifications and sup-
porting documentation submitted by WTO mem-bers. 
(15) A
NTI-CORRUPTION .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States with re-spect to the use of money or other things of value to influence acts, decisions, or omissions of foreign governments or officials or to secure any improper advantage in a manner affecting trade are— 
(A) to obtain high standards and effective do-
mestic enforcement mechanisms applicable to persons from all countries participating in the applicable trade agreement that prohibit such attempts to influence acts, decisions, or omis-sions of foreign governments or officials or to se-cure any such improper advantage; 
(B) to ensure that such standards level the 
playing field for United States persons in inter-national trade and investment; and 
(C) to seek commitments to work jointly to en-
courage and support anti-corruption and anti- bribery initiatives in international trade fora, including through the Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in Inter-national Business Transactions of the Organi-zation for Economic Cooperation and Develop-ment, done at Paris December 17, 1997 (com-monly known as the ‘‘OECD Anti-Bribery Con-vention’’). 
(16) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT AND ENFORCE -
MENT .—The principal negotiating objectives of 
the United States with respect to dispute settle-ment and enforcement of trade agreements are— 
(A) to seek provisions in trade agreements pro-
viding for resolution of disputes between govern-ments under those trade agreements in an effec-tive, timely, transparent, equitable, and rea-soned manner, requiring determinations based on facts and the principles of the agreements, with the goal of increasing compliance with the agreements; 
(B) to seek to strengthen the capacity of the 
Trade Policy Review Mechanism of the World Trade Organization to review compliance with commitments; (C) to seek adherence by panels convened 
under the Dispute Settlement Understanding and by the Appellate Body to— 
(i) the mandate of those panels and the Appel-
late Body to apply the WTO Agreement as writ-ten, without adding to or diminishing rights and obligations under the Agreement; and 
(ii) the standard of review applicable under 
the Uruguay Round Agreement involved in the dispute, including greater deference, where ap-propriate, to the fact finding and technical ex-pertise of national investigating authorities; 
(D) to seek provisions encouraging the early 
identification and settlement of disputes through consultation; 
(E) to seek provisions to encourage the provi-
sion of trade-expanding compensation if a party to a dispute under the agreement does not come into compliance with its obligations under the agreement; 
(F) to seek provisions to impose a penalty 
upon a party to a dispute under the agreement that— 
(i) encourages compliance with the obligations 
of the agreement; 
(ii) is appropriate to the parties, nature, sub-
ject matter, and scope of the violation; and 
(iii) has the aim of not adversely affecting 
parties or interests not party to the dispute while maintaining the effectiveness of the en-forcement mechanism; and 
(G) to seek provisions that treat United States 
principal negotiating objectives equally with re-spect to— 
(i) the ability to resort to dispute settlement 
under the applicable agreement; 
(ii) the availability of equivalent dispute set-
tlement procedures; and 
(iii) the availability of equivalent remedies. (17) T
RADE REMEDY LAWS .—The principal ne-
gotiating objectives of the United States with re-spect to trade remedy laws are— 
(A) to preserve the ability of the United States 
to enforce rigorously its trade laws, including the antidumping, countervailing duty, and safe-guard laws, and avoid agreements that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international disciplines on unfair trade, especially dumping and subsidies, or that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international safeguard provi-sions, in order to ensure that United States workers, agricultural producers, and firms can compete fully on fair terms and enjoy the bene-fits of reciprocal trade concessions; and 
(B) to address and remedy market distortions 
that lead to dumping and subsidization, includ-ing overcapacity, cartelization, and market ac-cess barriers. 
(18) B
ORDER TAXES .—The principal negoti-
ating objective of the United States regarding border taxes is to obtain a revision of the rules of the World Trade Organization with respect to the treatment of border adjustments for internal taxes to redress the disadvantage to countries relying primarily on direct taxes for revenue rather than indirect taxes. 
(19) T
EXTILE NEGOTIATIONS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in textiles and apparel articles are to obtain competitive opportunities for United States exports of textiles and apparel in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign ex-ports in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in tex-tiles and apparel. 
(20) C
OMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—With respect to an agree-
ment that is proposed to be entered into with the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partner-ship countries and to which section 103(b) will apply, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding commercial partner-ships are the following: 
(i) To discourage actions by potential trading 
partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4251 June 12, 2015 
(ii) To discourage politically motivated actions 
to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel and to seek the elimination of politically motivated nontariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on the State of Israel. 
(iii) To seek the elimination of state-sponsored 
unsanctioned foreign boycotts against Israel or compliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel by prospective trading partners. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘‘actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel’’ means actions by states, non-member states of the United Nations, international orga-nizations, or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit com-mercial relations specifically with Israel or per-sons doing business in Israel or in Israeli-con-trolled territories. 
(21) G
OOD GOVERNANCE , TRANSPARENCY , THE 
EFFECTIVE OPERATION OF LEGAL REGIMES , AND 
THE RULE OF LAW OF TRADING PARTNERS .—The 
principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to ensuring implementation of trade commitments and obligations by strengthening good governance, transparency, the effective operation of legal regimes and the rule of law of trading partners of the United States is through capacity building and other appropriate means, which are important parts of the broader effort to create more open demo-cratic societies and to promote respect for inter-nationally recognized human rights. 
(c) C
APACITY BUILDING AND OTHER PRIOR-
ITIES.—In order to address and maintain United 
States competitiveness in the global economy, the President shall— 
(1) direct the heads of relevant Federal agen-
cies— 
(A) to work to strengthen the capacity of 
United States trading partners to carry out obli-gations under trade agreements by consulting with any country seeking a trade agreement with the United States concerning that coun-try’s laws relating to customs and trade facilita-tion, sanitary and phytosanitary measures, technical barriers to trade, intellectual property rights, labor, and the environment; and 
(B) to provide technical assistance to that 
country if needed; 
(2) seek to establish consultative mechanisms 
among parties to trade agreements to strengthen the capacity of United States trading partners to develop and implement standards for the pro-tection of the environment and human health based on sound science; 
(3) promote consideration of multilateral envi-
ronmental agreements and consult with parties to such agreements regarding the consistency of any such agreement that includes trade meas-ures with existing environmental exceptions under Article XX of GATT 1994; and 
(4) submit to the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate an annual report on capacity-building activities under-taken in connection with trade agreements ne-gotiated or being negotiated pursuant to this title. 
SEC. 103. TRADE AGREEMENTS AUTHORITY. 
(a) A GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF BAR-
RIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Whenever the President de-
termines that one or more existing duties or other import restrictions of any foreign country or the United States are unduly burdening and restricting the foreign trade of the United States and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the President— 
(A) may enter into trade agreements with for-
eign countries before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under subsection (c); and 
(B) may, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), 
proclaim— (i) such modification or continuance of any 
existing duty, 
(ii) such continuance of existing duty free or 
excise treatment, or 
(iii) such additional duties, 
as the President determines to be required or ap-
propriate to carry out any such trade agree-ment. 
Substantial modifications to, or substantial ad-
ditional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, or July 1, 2021, if trade authorities procedures are extended under sub-section (c), shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President shall notify 
Congress of the President’s intention to enter into an agreement under this subsection. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—No proclamation may be 
made under paragraph (1) that— 
(A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a 
rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of the enactment of this Act) to a rate of duty which is less than 50 per-cent of the rate of such duty that applies on such date of enactment; 
(B) reduces the rate of duty below that appli-
cable under the Uruguay Round Agreements or a successor agreement, on any import sensitive agricultural product; or 
(C) increases any rate of duty above the rate 
that applied on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(4) A
GGREGATE REDUCTION ; EXEMPTION FROM  
STAGING .— 
(A) A GGREGATE REDUCTION .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), the aggregate reduc-tion in the rate of duty on any article which is in effect on any day pursuant to a trade agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) shall not exceed the aggregate reduction which would have been in effect on such day if— 
(i) a reduction of 3 percent ad valorem or a re-
duction of 
1⁄10of the total reduction, whichever 
is greater, had taken effect on the effective date of the first reduction proclaimed under para-graph (1) to carry out such agreement with re-spect to such article; and 
(ii) a reduction equal to the amount applica-
ble under clause (i) had taken effect at 1-year intervals after the effective date of such first re-duction. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM STAGING .—No staging is 
required under subparagraph (A) with respect to a duty reduction that is proclaimed under para-graph (1) for an article of a kind that is not pro-duced in the United States. The United States International Trade Commission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. 
(5) R
OUNDING .—If the President determines 
that such action will simplify the computation of reductions under paragraph (4), the President may round an annual reduction by an amount equal to the lesser of— 
(A) the difference between the reduction with-
out regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or 
(B) 
1⁄2of 1 percent ad valorem. 
(6) O THER LIMITATIONS .—A rate of duty re-
duction that may not be proclaimed by reason of paragraph (3) may take effect only if a provi-sion authorizing such reduction is included within an implementing bill provided for under section 106 and that bill is enacted into law. 
(7) O
THER TARIFF MODIFICATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraphs (1)(B), (3)(A), (3)(C), and (4) through (6), and subject to the consultation and layover requirements of section 115 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3524), the President may proclaim the modifica-tion of any duty or staged rate reduction of any duty set forth in Schedule XX, as defined in sec-tion 2(5) of that Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(5)), if the United States agrees to such modification or staged rate reduction in a negotiation for the re-ciprocal elimination or harmonization of duties under the auspices of the World Trade Organi-zation. (8) A
UTHORITY UNDER URUGUAY ROUND AGREE -
MENTS ACT NOT AFFECTED .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall limit the authority provided to the President under section 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(b) A
GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF AND NON-
TARIFF BARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—(A) Whenever the President 
determines that— 
(i) 1 or more existing duties or any other im-
port restriction of any foreign country or the United States or any other barrier to, or other distortion of, international trade unduly bur-dens or restricts the foreign trade of the United States or adversely affects the United States economy, or 
(ii) the imposition of any such barrier or dis-
tortion is likely to result in such a burden, re-striction, or effect, 
and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and 
objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the President may enter into a trade agreement described in subparagraph (B) during the period described in subparagraph (C). 
(B) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under subparagraph (A) with foreign countries providing for— 
(i) the reduction or elimination of a duty, re-
striction, barrier, or other distortion described in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) the prohibition of, or limitation on the im-
position of, such barrier or other distortion. 
(C) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under this paragraph before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under subsection (c). 
Substantial modifications to, or substantial ad-
ditional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, or July 1, 2021, if trade authorities procedures are extended under sub-section (c), shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—A trade agreement may be 
entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the appli-cable objectives described in subsections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(3) B
ILLS QUALIFYING FOR TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—(A) The provisions of section 151 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (in this title referred to as ‘‘trade authorities procedures’’) apply to a bill of either House of Congress which contains provisions described in subparagraph (B) to the same extent as such section 151 applies to imple-menting bills under that section. A bill to which this paragraph applies shall hereafter in this title be referred to as an ‘‘implementing bill’’. 
(B) The provisions referred to in subpara-
graph (A) are— 
(i) a provision approving a trade agreement 
entered into under this subsection and approv-ing the statement of administrative action, if any, proposed to implement such trade agree-ment; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new statu-
tory authority are required to implement such trade agreement or agreements, only such provi-sions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agreement or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
(c) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL PROCESS FOR  
CONGRESSIONAL TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCE-
DURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in section 
106(b)— 
(A) the trade authorities procedures apply to 
implementing bills submitted with respect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) before July 1, 2018; and 
(B) the trade authorities procedures shall be 
extended to implementing bills submitted with respect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) after June 30, 2018, and before July 1, 2021, if (and only if)— 
(i) the President requests such extension 
under paragraph (2); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4252 June 12, 2015 
(ii) neither House of Congress adopts an ex-
tension disapproval resolution under paragraph (5) before July 1, 2018. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESIDENT .— 
If the President is of the opinion that the trade authorities procedures should be extended to im-plementing bills described in paragraph (1)(B), the President shall submit to Congress, not later than April 1, 2018, a written report that con-tains a request for such extension, together with— 
(A) a description of all trade agreements that 
have been negotiated under subsection (b) and the anticipated schedule for submitting such agreements to Congress for approval; 
(B) a description of the progress that has been 
made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title, and a statement that such progress justifies the continuation of negotiations; and 
(C) a statement of the reasons why the exten-
sion is needed to complete the negotiations. 
(3) O
THER REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(A) R EPORT BY THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
The President shall promptly inform the Advi-sory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotia-tions established under section 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under paragraph (2). The Advisory Committee shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains— 
(i) its views regarding the progress that has 
been made in negotiations to achieve the pur-poses, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(ii) a statement of its views, and the reasons 
therefor, regarding whether the extension re-quested under paragraph (2) should be approved or disapproved. 
(B) R
EPORT BY INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.—The President shall promptly inform the 
United States International Trade Commission of the decision of the President to submit a re-port to Congress under paragraph (2). The International Trade Commission shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains a review and analysis of the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements imple-mented between the date of the enactment of this Act and the date on which the President de-cides to seek an extension requested under para-graph (2). 
(4) S
TATUS OF REPORTS .—The reports sub-
mitted to Congress under paragraphs (2) and (3), or any portion of such reports, may be clas-sified to the extent the President determines ap-propriate. 
(5) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL RESOLUTIONS .— 
(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘‘ex-tension disapproval resolution’’ means a resolu-tion of either House of Congress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll disapproves the request of 
the President for the extension, under section 103(c)(1)(B)(i) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, of the trade authorities procedures under that Act to any implementing bill submitted with re-spect to any trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) of that Act after June 30, 2018.’’, with the blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Congress. 
(B) Extension disapproval resolutions— 
(i) may be introduced in either House of Con-
gress by any member of such House; and 
(ii) shall be referred, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules. 
(C) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consideration of cer-tain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to extension disapproval resolutions. 
(D) It is not in order for— (i) the House of Representatives to consider 
any extension disapproval resolution not re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules; 
(ii) the Senate to consider any extension dis-
approval resolution not reported by the Com-mittee on Finance; or 
(iii) either House of Congress to consider an 
extension disapproval resolution after June 30, 2018. 
(d) C
OMMENCEMENT OF NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
order to contribute to the continued economic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations covering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, prod-uct, or service sector, and expand existing sec-toral agreements to countries that are not par-ties to those agreements, in cases where the President determines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, commercial services, intellectual property rights, industrial and capital goods, government pro-curement, information technology products, en-vironmental technology and services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infra-structure products. In so doing, the President shall take into account all of the negotiating ob-jectives set forth in section 102. 
SEC. 104. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT, CON-
SULTATIONS, AND ACCESS TO IN-FORMATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS WITHMEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS DURING NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
the course of negotiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
(A) meet upon request with any Member of 
Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress, and the na-ture of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any requirement of, amendment to, or recommendation under, that agreement; 
(B) upon request of any Member of Congress, 
provide access to pertinent documents relating to the negotiations, including classified mate-rials; 
(C) consult closely and on a timely basis with, 
and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; 
(D) consult closely and on a timely basis with, 
and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations con-vened under subsection (c) and all committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate with jurisdiction over laws that could be af-fected by a trade agreement resulting from the negotiations; and 
(E) with regard to any negotiations and 
agreement relating to agricultural trade, also consult closely and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotia-tions, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate. 
(2) C
ONSULTATIONS PRIOR TO ENTRY INTO  
FORCE .—Prior to exchanging notes providing for 
the entry into force of a trade agreement, the United States Trade Representative shall con-sult closely and on a timely basis with Members of Congress and committees as specified in para-graph (1), and keep them fully apprised of the measures a trading partner has taken to comply with those provisions of the agreement that are to take effect on the date that the agreement en-ters into force. 
(3) E
NHANCED COORDINATION WITH CON -
GRESS .— 
(A) W RITTEN GUIDELINES .—The United States 
Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on enhanced coordination with Con-gress, including coordination with designated congressional advisers under subsection (b), re-garding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT OF GUIDELINES .—The guidelines 
developed under subparagraph (A) shall en-hance coordination with Congress through pro-cedures to ensure— 
(i) timely briefings upon request of any Mem-
ber of Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress conducted under this title, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the adminis-tration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any requirement of, amendment to, or rec-ommendation under, that agreement; and 
(ii) the sharing of detailed and timely infor-
mation with Members of Congress, and their staff with proper security clearances as appro-priate, regarding those negotiations and perti-nent documents related to those negotiations (including classified information), and with committee staff with proper security clearances as would be appropriate in the light of the re-
sponsibilities of that committee over the trade agreements programs affected by those negotia-tions. 
(C) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under subparagraph (A) to all Fed-eral agencies that could have jurisdiction over laws affected by trade negotiations. 
(b) D
ESIGNATED CONGRESSIONAL ADVISERS .— 
(1) D ESIGNATION .— 
(A) H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .—In each 
Congress, any Member of the House of Rep-resentatives may be designated as a congres-sional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, after consulting with the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be se-lected. 
(B) S
ENATE .—In each Congress, any Member 
of the Senate may be designated as a congres-sional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by the President pro tempore of the Senate, after consultation with the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Finance and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be selected. 
(2) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH DESIGNATED CON -
GRESSIONAL ADVISERS .—In the course of negotia-
tions conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall consult close-ly and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the congres-sional advisers for trade policy and negotiations designated under paragraph (1). 
(3) A
CCREDITATION .—Each Member of Con-
gress designated as a congressional adviser under paragraph (1) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegations to international con-ferences, meetings, and negotiating sessions re-lating to trade agreements. 
(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL ADVISORY GROUPS ON NE-
GOTIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—By not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 30 days after the convening of each Congress, the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives shall convene the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the chairman of the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate shall convene 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4253 June 12, 2015 
the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations (in 
this subsection referred to collectively as the ‘‘congressional advisory groups’’). 
(2) M
EMBERS AND FUNCTIONS .— 
(A) M EMBERSHIP OF THE HOUSE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, the 
House Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the House of Representatives: 
(i) The chairman and ranking member of the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and 3 addi-tional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same polit-ical party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the House of Representatives that would have, under the Rules of the House of Representatives, jurisdic-tion over provisions of law affected by a trade agreement negotiation conducted at any time during that Congress and to which this title would apply. 
(B) M
EMBERSHIP OF THE SENATE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, the 
Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the Sen-ate: 
(i) The chairman and ranking member of the 
Committee on Finance and 3 additional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same political party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the Senate that would have, under the Rules of the Senate, jurisdiction over provisions of law affected by a trade agreement negotiation conducted at any 
time during that Congress and to which this title would apply. 
(C) A
CCREDITATION .—Each member of the con-
gressional advisory groups described in subpara-graphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on be-half of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegation in negotiations for any trade agreement to which this title applies. Each member of the congressional advisory groups de-scribed in subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B)(ii) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegation in the negotiations by reason of which the mem-ber is in one of the congressional advisory groups. 
(D) C
ONSULTATION AND ADVICE .—The congres-
sional advisory groups shall consult with and provide advice to the Trade Representative re-garding the formulation of specific objectives, negotiating strategies and positions, the devel-opment of the applicable trade agreement, and compliance and enforcement of the negotiated commitments under the trade agreement. 
(E) C
HAIR.—The House Advisory Group on 
Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Senate Advi-sory Group on Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
(F) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER COMMITTEES .— 
Members of any committee represented on one of the congressional advisory groups may submit comments to the member of the appropriate con-gressional advisory group from that committee regarding any matter related to a negotiation for any trade agreement to which this title ap-plies. 
(3) G
UIDELINES .— 
(A) P URPOSE AND REVISION .—The United 
States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines to facilitate the useful and timely ex-change of information between the Trade Rep-resentative and the congressional advisory groups; and (ii) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under subparagraph (A) shall provide for, among other things— 
(i) detailed briefings on a fixed timetable to be 
specified in the guidelines of the congressional advisory groups regarding negotiating objectives and positions and the status of the applicable negotiations, beginning as soon as practicable after the congressional advisory groups are con-vened, with more frequent briefings as trade ne-gotiations enter the final stage; 
(ii) access by members of the congressional ad-
visory groups, and staff with proper security clearances, to pertinent documents relating to the negotiations, including classified materials; 
(iii) the closest practicable coordination be-
tween the Trade Representative and the con-gressional advisory groups at all critical periods during the negotiations, including at negotia-tion sites; 
(iv) after the applicable trade agreement is 
concluded, consultation regarding ongoing com-pliance and enforcement of negotiated commit-ments under the trade agreement; and 
(v) the timeframe for submitting the report re-
quired under section 105(d)(3). 
(4) R
EQUEST FOR MEETING .—Upon the request 
of a majority of either of the congressional advi-sory groups, the President shall meet with that congressional advisory group before initiating negotiations with respect to a trade agreement, or at any other time concerning the negotia-tions. 
(d) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC .— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT .— 
The United States Trade Representative, in con-sultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop writ-ten guidelines on public access to information regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(2) P
URPOSES .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) facilitate transparency; (B) encourage public participation; and (C) promote collaboration in the negotiation 
process. 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed under 
paragraph (1) shall include procedures that— 
(A) provide for rapid disclosure of information 
in forms that the public can readily find and use; and 
(B) provide frequent opportunities for public 
input through Federal Register requests for com-ment and other means. 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdiction over laws affected by trade negotiations. 
(e) C
ONSULTATIONS WITHADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH ADVI -
SORY COMMITTEES .—The United States Trade 
Representative, in consultation with the chair-men and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop writ-ten guidelines on enhanced coordination with advisory committees established pursuant to sec-tion 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed under 
paragraph (1) shall enhance coordination with advisory committees described in that paragraph 
through procedures to ensure— 
(A) timely briefings of advisory committees 
and regular opportunities for advisory commit-tees to provide input throughout the negotiation process on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas represented by those commit-tees; and 
(B) the sharing of detailed and timely infor-
mation with each member of an advisory com-mittee regarding negotiations and pertinent doc-uments related to the negotiation (including classified information) on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas the member rep-resents, and with a designee with proper secu-rity clearances of each such member as appro-priate. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdiction over laws affected by trade negotiations. 
(f) E
STABLISHMENT OF POSITION OF CHIEF 
TRANSPARENCY OFFICER IN THE OFFICE OF THE  
UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .—Sec-
tion 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) There shall be in the Office one Chief 
Transparency Officer. The Chief Transparency Officer shall consult with Congress on trans-parency policy, coordinate transparency in trade negotiations, engage and assist the public, and advise the United States Trade Representa-tive on transparency policy.’’. 
SEC. 105. NOTICE, CONSULTATIONS, AND RE-
PORTS. 
(a) N OTICE , CONSULTATIONS , ANDREPORTS BE-
FORE NEGOTIATION .— 
(1) N OTICE .—The President, with respect to 
any agreement that is subject to the provisions of section 103(b), shall— 
(A) provide, at least 90 calendar days before 
initiating negotiations with a country, written notice to Congress of the President’s intention to enter into the negotiations with that country and set forth in the notice the date on which the President intends to initiate those negotiations, the specific United States objectives for the ne-gotiations with that country, and whether the President intends to seek an agreement, or changes to an existing agreement; 
(B) before and after submission of the notice, 
consult regarding the negotiations with the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, such other committees of the House and Senate as the President deems appro-priate, and the House Advisory Group on Nego-tiations and the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under section 104(c); 
(C) upon the request of a majority of the mem-
bers of either the House Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under section 104(c), meet with the requesting congressional advisory group before initiating the negotiations or at any other time concerning the negotiations; and 
(D) after consulting with the Committee on 
Ways and Means and the Committee on Fi-nance, and at least 30 calendar days before ini-tiating negotiations with a country, publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Of-fice of the United States Trade Representative, and regularly update thereafter, a detailed and comprehensive summary of the specific objec-tives with respect to the negotiations, and a de-scription of how the agreement, if successfully concluded, will further those objectives and ben-efit the United States. 
(2) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING AGRICULTURE .— 
(A) A SSESSMENT AND CONSULTATIONS FOL -
LOWING ASSESSMENT .—Before initiating or con-
tinuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly related to the subject matter under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4254 June 12, 2015 
section 102(b)(3)(B) with any country, the Presi-
dent shall— 
(i) assess whether United States tariffs on ag-
ricultural products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country; 
(ii) consider whether the tariff levels bound 
and applied throughout the world with respect to imports from the United States are higher than United States tariffs and whether the ne-gotiation provides an opportunity to address any such disparity; and 
(iii) consult with the Committee on Ways and 
Means and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is ap-propriate for the United States to agree to fur-ther tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the assessment, and how all applica-ble negotiating objectives will be met. 
(B) S
PECIAL CONSULTATIONS ON IMPORT SEN -
SITIVE PRODUCTS .—(i) Before initiating negotia-
tions with regard to agriculture and, with re-
spect to agreements described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 107(a), as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
(I) identify those agricultural products subject 
to tariff rate quotas on the date of enactment of this Act, and agricultural products subject to tariff reductions by the United States as a result of the Uruguay Round Agreements, for which the rate of duty was reduced on January 1, 1995, to a rate which was not less than 97.5 percent of the rate of duty that applied to such article on December 31, 1994; 
(II) consult with the Committee on Ways and 
Means and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate concerning— 
(aa) whether any further tariff reductions on 
the products identified under subclause (I) should be appropriate, taking into account the impact of any such tariff reduction on the United States industry producing the product concerned; 
(bb) whether the products so identified face 
unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary restric-tions, including those not based on scientific principles in contravention of the Uruguay Round Agreements; and 
(cc) whether the countries participating in the 
negotiations maintain export subsidies or other programs, policies, or practices that distort world trade in such products and the impact of such programs, policies, and practices on United States producers of the products; 
(III) request that the International Trade 
Commission prepare an assessment of the prob-able economic effects of any such tariff reduc-tion on the United States industry producing the product concerned and on the United States economy as a whole; and 
(IV) upon complying with subclauses (I), (II), 
and (III), notify the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate of those products identified under subclause (I) for which the Trade Representative intends to seek tariff liberalization in the negotiations and the reasons for seeking such tariff liberalization. 
(ii) If, after negotiations described in clause 
(i) are commenced— 
(I) the United States Trade Representative 
identifies any additional agricultural product described in clause (i)(I) for tariff reductions which were not the subject of a notification under clause (i)(IV), or 
(II) any additional agricultural product de-
scribed in clause (i)(I) is the subject of a request for tariff reductions by a party to the negotia-tions, 
the Trade Representative shall, as soon as prac-
ticable, notify the committees referred to in clause (i)(IV) of those products and the reasons 
for seeking such tariff reductions. 
(3) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING THE FISHING IN -
DUSTRY .—Before initiating, or continuing, nego-
tiations that directly relate to fish or shellfish trade with any country, the President shall con-sult with the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and shall keep the Committees apprised of the nego-tiations on an ongoing and timely basis. 
(4) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING TEXTILES .—Be-
fore initiating or continuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly related to tex-tiles and apparel products with any country, the President shall— 
(A) assess whether United States tariffs on 
textile and apparel products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country and whether the negotiation provides an oppor-tunity to address any such disparity; and 
(B) consult with the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is ap-propriate for the United States to agree to fur-ther tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the assessment, and how all applica-ble negotiating objectives will be met. 
(5) A
DHERENCE TO EXISTING INTERNATIONAL  
TRADE AND INVESTMENT AGREEMENT OBLIGA -
TIONS .—In determining whether to enter into ne-
gotiations with a particular country, the Presi-dent shall take into account the extent to which that country has implemented, or has acceler-ated the implementation of, its international trade and investment commitments to the United States, including pursuant to the WTO Agree-ment. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHCONGRESS BEFORE  
ENTRY INTOAGREEMENT .— 
(1) C ONSULTATION .—Before entering into any 
trade agreement under section 103(b), the Presi-dent shall consult with— 
(A) the Committee on Ways and Means of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; 
(B) each other committee of the House and the 
Senate, and each joint committee of Congress, which has jurisdiction over legislation involving subject matters which would be affected by the trade agreement; and 
(C) the House Advisory Group on Negotiations 
and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations convened under section 104(c). 
(2) S
COPE.—The consultation described in 
paragraph (1) shall include consultation with respect to— 
(A) the nature of the agreement; (B) how and to what extent the agreement 
will achieve the applicable purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(C) the implementation of the agreement 
under section 106, including the general effect of the agreement on existing laws. 
(3) R
EPORT REGARDING UNITED STATES TRADE  
REMEDY LAWS .— 
(A) C HANGES IN CERTAIN TRADE LAWS .—The 
President, not less than 180 calendar days be-fore the day on which the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall re-port to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate— 
(i) the range of proposals advanced in the ne-
gotiations with respect to that agreement, that may be in the final agreement, and that could require amendments to title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) or to chapter 1 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.); and 
(ii) how these proposals relate to the objectives 
described in section 102(b)(16). 
(B) R
ESOLUTIONS .—(i) At any time after the 
transmission of the report under subparagraph (A), if a resolution is introduced with respect to 
that report in either House of Congress, the pro-cedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) shall apply to that resolution if— 
(I) no other resolution with respect to that re-
port has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be, pursuant to those procedures; and 
(II) no procedural disapproval resolution 
under section 106(b) introduced with respect to a trade agreement entered into pursuant to the negotiations to which the report under subpara-graph (A) relates has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be. 
(ii) For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
term ‘‘resolution’’ means only a resolution of ei-ther House of Congress, the matter after the re-solving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll finds that the proposed changes to 
United States trade remedy laws contained in the report of the President transmitted to Con-gress on llll under section 105(b)(3) of the 
Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 with respect to llll , are inconsistent with the negotiating 
objectives described in section 102(b)(16) of that Act.’’, with the first blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Con-gress, the second blank space being filled with the appropriate date of the report, and the third blank space being filled with the name of the country or countries involved. 
(iii) Resolutions in the House of Representa-
tives— 
(I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Com-mittee on Rules; and 
(III) may not be amended by either Committee. (iv) Resolutions in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance; and 
(III) may not be amended. (v) It is not in order for the House of Rep-
resentatives to consider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules. 
(vi) It is not in order for the Senate to con-
sider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Finance. 
(vii) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to floor consideration of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) shall apply to resolutions. 
(4) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE REPORTS .—The re-
port required under section 135(e)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155(e)(1)) regard-ing any trade agreement entered into under sub-section (a) or (b) of section 103 shall be provided to the President, Congress, and the United States Trade Representative not later than 30 days after the date on which the President noti-fies Congress under section 103(a)(2) or 106(a)(1)(A) of the intention of the President to enter into the agreement. 
(c) I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION AS-
SESSMENT .— 
(1) S UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO COMMIS -
SION.—The President, not later than 90 calendar 
days before the day on which the President en-ters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall provide the International Trade Commis-sion (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Com-mission’’) with the details of the agreement as it exists at that time and request the Commission to prepare and submit an assessment of the agreement as described in paragraph (2). Be-tween the time the President makes the request under this paragraph and the time the Commis-sion submits the assessment, the President shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4255 June 12, 2015 
keep the Commission current with respect to the 
details of the agreement. 
(2) A SSESSMENT .—Not later than 105 calendar 
days after the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a re-
port assessing the likely impact of the agreement on the United States economy as a whole and on specific industry sectors, including the impact the agreement will have on the gross domestic product, exports and imports, aggregate employ-ment and employment opportunities, the pro-duction, employment, and competitive position of industries likely to be significantly affected by the agreement, and the interests of United States consumers. 
(3) R
EVIEW OF EMPIRICAL LITERATURE .—In 
preparing the assessment under paragraph (2), the Commission shall review available economic assessments regarding the agreement, including literature regarding any substantially equiva-lent proposed agreement, and shall provide in its assessment a description of the analyses used and conclusions drawn in such literature, and a discussion of areas of consensus and divergence between the various analyses and conclusions, including those of the Commission regarding the agreement. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President shall 
make each assessment under paragraph (2) available to the public. 
(d) R
EPORTS SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEES WITH 
AGREEMENT .— 
(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS AND REPORTS .— 
The President shall— 
(A) conduct environmental reviews of future 
trade and investment agreements, consistent with Executive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169), dated November 16, 1999, and its relevant guide-lines; and 
(B) submit a report on those reviews and on 
the content and operation of consultative mech-anisms established pursuant to section 102(c) to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate at the time the President submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E). 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT IMPACT REVIEWS AND RE -
PORTS .—The President shall— 
(A) review the impact of future trade agree-
ments on United States employment, including labor markets, modeled after Executive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169) to the extent appro-priate in establishing procedures and criteria; and 
(B) submit a report on such reviews to the 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate at the time the President submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E). 
(3) R
EPORT ON LABOR RIGHTS .—The President 
shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, on a time-frame determined in accordance with section 104(c)(3)(B)(v)— 
(A) a meaningful labor rights report of the 
country, or countries, with respect to which the President is negotiating; and 
(B) a description of any provisions that would 
require changes to the labor laws and labor practices of the United States. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President shall 
make all reports required under this subsection available to the public. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION AND ENFORCEMENT  
PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At the time the President 
submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E), the President shall also submit to Congress a plan for implementing and enforcing the agreement. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation and en-
forcement plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) B
ORDER PERSONNEL REQUIREMENTS .—A 
description of additional personnel required at border entry points, including a list of addi-tional customs and agricultural inspectors. 
(B) A
GENCY STAFFING REQUIREMENTS .—A de-
scription of additional personnel required by Federal agencies responsible for monitoring and implementing the trade agreement, including personnel required by the Office of the United States Trade Representative, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Agriculture (in-cluding additional personnel required to imple-ment sanitary and phytosanitary measures in order to obtain market access for United States exports), the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of the Treasury, and such other agencies as may be necessary. 
(C) C
USTOMS INFRASTRUCTURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—A description of the additional equip-
ment and facilities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(D) I
MPACT ON STATE AND LOCAL GOVERN -
MENTS .—A description of the impact the trade 
agreement will have on State and local govern-ments as a result of increases in trade. 
(E) C
OST ANALYSIS .—An analysis of the costs 
associated with each of the items listed in sub-paragraphs (A) through (D). 
(3) B
UDGET SUBMISSION .—The President shall 
include a request for the resources necessary to support the plan required by paragraph (1) in the first budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, after the date of the submission of the plan. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President shall 
make the plan required under this subsection available to the public. 
(f) O
THER REPORTS .— 
(1) R EPORT ON PENALTIES .—Not later than one 
year after the imposition by the United States of a penalty or remedy permitted by a trade agree-ment to which this title applies, the President shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the effectiveness of the penalty or remedy ap-plied under United States law in enforcing United States rights under the trade agreement, which shall address whether the penalty or rem-edy was effective in changing the behavior of the targeted party and whether the penalty or remedy had any adverse impact on parties or in-
terests not party to the dispute. 
(2) R
EPORT ON IMPACT OF TRADE PROMOTION  
AUTHORITY .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 5 years thereafter, the United States Inter-national Trade Commission shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements with respect to which Congress has enacted an implementing bill under trade authorities proce-dures since January 1, 1984. 
(3) E
NFORCEMENT CONSULTATIONS AND RE -
PORTS .—(A) The United States Trade Represent-
ative shall consult with the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate after acceptance of a petition for review or taking an enforcement action in regard to an obligation under a trade agreement, including a labor or environmental obligation. During such con-sultations, the United States Trade Representa-tive shall describe the matter, including the basis for such action and the application of any relevant legal obligations. 
(B) As part of the report required pursuant to 
section 163 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2213), the President shall report annually to Congress on enforcement actions taken pursu-ant to a trade agreement to which the United States is a party, as well as on any public re-ports issued by Federal agencies on enforcement matters relating to a trade agreement. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL COORDINATION WITHMEM-
BERS.—Any Member of the House of Representa-tives may submit to the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives and any Member of the Senate may submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate the views of that Member on any matter relevant to a pro-posed trade agreement, and the relevant Com-mittee shall receive those views for consider-ation. 
SEC. 106. IMPLEMENTATION OF TRADE AGREE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) N OTIFICATION AND SUBMISSION .—Any 
agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall enter into force with respect to the United States if (and only if)— 
(A) the President, at least 90 calendar days 
before the day on which the President enters into the trade agreement, notifies the House of Representatives and the Senate of the Presi-dent’s intention to enter into the agreement, and promptly thereafter publishes notice of such intention in the Federal Register; 
(B) the President, at least 60 days before the 
day on which the President enters into the agreement, publishes the text of the agreement on a publicly available Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Representa-tive; 
(C) within 60 days after entering into the 
agreement, the President submits to Congress a description of those changes to existing laws that the President considers would be required in order to bring the United States into compli-ance with the agreement; 
(D) the President, at least 30 days before sub-
mitting to Congress the materials under sub-paragraph (E), submits to Congress— 
(i) a draft statement of any administrative ac-
tion proposed to implement the agreement; and 
(ii) a copy of the final legal text of the agree-
ment; 
(E) after entering into the agreement, the 
President submits to Congress, on a day on which both Houses of Congress are in session, a copy of the final legal text of the agreement, to-gether with— 
(i) a draft of an implementing bill described in 
section 103(b)(3); 
(ii) a statement of any administrative action 
proposed to implement the trade agreement; and 
(iii) the supporting information described in 
paragraph (2)(A); 
(F) the implementing bill is enacted into law; 
and 
(G) the President, not later than 30 days be-
fore the date on which the agreement enters into force with respect to a party to the agreement, submits written notice to Congress that the President has determined that the party has taken measures necessary to comply with those provisions of the agreement that are to take ef-fect on the date on which the agreement enters into force. 
(2) S
UPPORTING INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The supporting information 
required under paragraph (1)(E)(iii) consists of— 
(i) an explanation as to how the implementing 
bill and proposed administrative action will change or affect existing law; and 
(ii) a statement— (I) asserting that the agreement makes 
progress in achieving the applicable purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(II) setting forth the reasons of the President 
regarding— 
(aa) how and to what extent the agreement 
makes progress in achieving the applicable pur-poses, policies, and objectives referred to in sub-clause (I); 
(bb) whether and how the agreement changes 
provisions of an agreement previously nego-tiated; 
(cc) how the agreement serves the interests of 
United States commerce; and 
(dd) how the implementing bill meets the 
standards set forth in section 103(b)(3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4256 June 12, 2015 
(B) P UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make the supporting information described in subparagraph (A) available to the public. 
(3) R
ECIPROCAL BENEFITS .—In order to ensure 
that a foreign country that is not a party to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) does not receive benefits under the agree-ment unless the country is also subject to the obligations under the agreement, the imple-menting bill submitted with respect to the agree-ment shall provide that the benefits and obliga-tions under the agreement apply only to the parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. The implementing bill may also provide that the ben-efits and obligations under the agreement do not apply uniformly to all parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. 
(4) D
ISCLOSURE OF COMMITMENTS .—Any 
agreement or other understanding with a for-eign government or governments (whether oral or in writing) that— 
(A) relates to a trade agreement with respect 
to which Congress enacts an implementing bill under trade authorities procedures; and 
(B) is not disclosed to Congress before an im-
plementing bill with respect to that agreement is introduced in either House of Congress, 
shall not be considered to be part of the agree-
ment approved by Congress and shall have no force and effect under United States law or in any dispute settlement body. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON TRADE AUTHORITIES PRO-
CEDURES .— 
(1) F OR LACK OF NOTICE OR CONSULTATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) if during the 60-day period beginning on the date that one House of Congress agrees to a procedural disapproval resolution for lack of notice or consultations with respect to such trade agreement or agreements, the other House separately agrees to a procedural disapproval resolution with respect to such trade agreement or agreements. 
(B) P
ROCEDURAL DISAPPROVAL RESOLUTION .— 
(i) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘procedural disapproval resolution’’ means a resolution of either House of Congress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or re-fused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 on negotiations with respect to llllllll and, therefore, 
the trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agreement or agreements with respect to which the President is considered to have failed or refused to notify or consult. 
(ii) For purposes of clause (i) and paragraphs 
(3)(C) and (4)(C), the President has ‘‘failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’ on negotiations with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements if— 
(I) the President has failed or refused to con-
sult (as the case may be) in accordance with sec-tions 104 and 105 and this section with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; 
(II) guidelines under section 104 have not been 
developed or met with respect to the negotia-tions, agreement, or agreements; 
(III) the President has not met with the House 
Advisory Group on Negotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations pursuant to a request made under section 104(c)(4) with re-spect to the negotiations, agreement, or agree-ments; or 
(IV) the agreement or agreements fail to make 
progress in achieving the purposes, policies, pri-orities, and objectives of this title. (2) P
ROCEDURES FOR CONSIDERING RESOLU -
TIONS .—(A) Procedural disapproval resolu-
tions— 
(i) in the House of Representatives— (I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Com-mittee on Rules; and 
(III) may not be amended by either Committee; 
and 
(ii) in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance; and 
(III) may not be amended. (B) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consideration of cer-tain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to a procedural disapproval resolution intro-duced with respect to a trade agreement if no other procedural disapproval resolution with re-spect to that trade agreement has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Com-mittee on Finance, as the case may be, and if no resolution described in clause (ii) of section 105(b)(3)(B) with respect to that trade agreement has been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Com-mittee on Finance, as the case may be, pursuant to the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) of such section. 
(C) It is not in order for the House of Rep-
resentatives to consider any procedural dis-approval resolution not reported by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules. 
(D) It is not in order for the Senate to con-
sider any procedural disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Finance. 
(3) C
ONSIDERATION IN SENATE OF CONSULTA -
TION AND COMPLIANCE RESOLUTION TO REMOVE  
TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCEDURES .— 
(A) R EPORTING OF RESOLUTION .—If, when the 
Committee on Finance of the Senate meets on whether to report an implementing bill with re-spect to a trade agreement or agreements en-tered into under section 103(b), the committee fails to favorably report the bill, the committee shall report a resolution described in subpara-graph (C). 
(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities procedures 
shall not apply in the Senate to any imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or agreements described in subpara-graph (A) if the Committee on Finance reports a resolution described in subparagraph (C) and such resolution is agreed to by the Senate. 
(C) R
ESOLUTION DESCRIBED .—A resolution de-
scribed in this subparagraph is a resolution of the Senate originating from the Committee on Finance the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the Presi-dent has failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 on negotiations with respect to lllll and, 
therefore, the trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply in the Senate to any implementing bill submitted with respect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agreement or agreements described in subparagraph (A). 
(D) P
ROCEDURES .—If the Senate does not 
agree to a motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to a resolution described in sub-paragraph (C), the resolution shall be committed to the Committee on Finance. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES OF A CONSULTATION AND COMPLI -
ANCE RESOLUTION .— 
(A) Q UALIFICATIONS FOR REPORTING RESOLU -
TION.—If— (i) the Committee on Ways and Means of the 
House of Representatives reports an imple-menting bill with respect to a trade agreement or agreements entered into under section 103(b) with other than a favorable recommendation; and 
(ii) a Member of the House of Representatives 
has introduced a consultation and compliance resolution on the legislative day following the filing of a report to accompany the imple-menting bill with other than a favorable rec-ommendation, 
then the Committee on Ways and Means shall 
consider a consultation and compliance resolu-tion pursuant to subparagraph (B). 
(B) C
OMMITTEE CONSIDERATION OF A QUALI -
FYING RESOLUTION .—(i) Not later than the 
fourth legislative day after the date of introduc-tion of the resolution, the Committee on Ways and Means shall meet to consider a resolution meeting the qualifications set forth in subpara-graph (A). 
(ii) After consideration of one such resolution 
by the Committee on Ways and Means, this sub-paragraph shall not apply to any other such resolution. 
(iii) If the Committee on Ways and Means has 
not reported the resolution by the sixth legisla-tive day after the date of its introduction, that committee shall be discharged from further con-sideration of the resolution. 
(C) C
ONSULTATION AND COMPLIANCE RESOLU -
TION DESCRIBED .—A consultation and compli-
ance resolution— 
(i) is a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or refused to notify or consult in accord-ance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 on ne-gotiations with respect to lllll and, there-
fore, the trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply in the House of Representa-tives to any implementing bill submitted with re-spect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a descrip-tion of the trade agreement or agreements de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) shall be referred to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
(D) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities procedures 
shall not apply in the House of Representatives to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or agreements which are the object of a consultation and compliance res-olution if such resolution is adopted by the House. 
(5) F
OR FAILURE TO MEET OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Not later than December 15, 2015, the 
Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treas-ury, the Attorney General, and the United States Trade Representative, shall transmit to Congress a report setting forth the strategy of the executive branch to address concerns of Congress regarding whether dispute settlement panels and the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization have added to obligations, or diminished rights, of the United States, as de-scribed in section 102(b)(15)(C). Trade authori-ties procedures shall not apply to any imple-menting bill with respect to an agreement nego-tiated under the auspices of the World Trade Organization unless the Secretary of Commerce has issued such report by the deadline specified in this paragraph. 
(6) L
IMITATIONS ON PROCEDURES WITH RESPECT  
TO AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES NOT IN COMPLI -
ANCE WITH TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION  
ACT OF 2000 .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country to which the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking are applicable and the government of which does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4257 June 12, 2015 
not fully comply with such standards and is not 
making significant efforts to bring the country into compliance (commonly referred to as a ‘‘tier 3’’ country), as determined in the most recent annual report on trafficking in persons sub-mitted under section 110(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(1)). 
(B) M
INIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI -
NATION OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘‘minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking’’ means the standards set forth in section 108 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106). 
(c) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND  
SENATE .—Subsection (b) of this section, section 
103(c), and section 105(b)(3) are enacted by Con-gress— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate, re-spectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, and such pro-cedures supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and 
(2) with the full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedures of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as any other rule of that House. 
SEC. 107. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN TRADE 
AGREEMENTS FOR WHICH NEGOTIA-TIONS HAVE ALREADY BEGUN. 
(a) C ERTAIN AGREEMENTS .—Notwithstanding 
the prenegotiation notification and consultation requirement described in section 105(a), if an agreement to which section 103(b) applies— 
(1) is entered into under the auspices of the 
World Trade Organization, 
(2) is entered into with the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership countries with respect to which no-tifications have been made in a manner con-sistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, 
(3) is entered into with the European Union, (4) is an agreement with respect to inter-
national trade in services entered into with WTO members with respect to which a notifica-tion has been made in a manner consistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or 
(5) is an agreement with respect to environ-
mental goods entered into with WTO members with respect to which a notification has been made in a manner consistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, and results from negotiations that were com-menced before the date of the enactment of this Act, subsection (b) shall apply. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF AGREEMENTS .—In the case 
of any agreement to which subsection (a) ap-plies, the applicability of the trade authorities procedures to implementing bills shall be deter-mined without regard to the requirements of sec-tion 105(a) (relating only to notice prior to initi-ating negotiations), and any resolution under paragraph (1)(B), (3)(C), or (4)(C) of section 106(b) shall not be in order on the basis of a fail-ure or refusal to comply with the provisions of section 105(a), if (and only if) the President, as soon as feasible after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) notifies Congress of the negotiations de-
scribed in subsection (a), the specific United States objectives in the negotiations, and wheth-er the President is seeking a new agreement or changes to an existing agreement; and 
(2) before and after submission of the notice, 
consults regarding the negotiations with the committees referred to in section 105(a)(1)(B) and the House and Senate Advisory Groups on Negotiations convened under section 104(c). 
SEC. 108. SOVEREIGNTY. 
(a) U NITED STATES LAWTOPREVAIL IN EVENT 
OFCONFLICT .—No provision of any trade agree-
ment entered into under section 103(b), nor the application of any such provision to any person 
or circumstance, that is inconsistent with any law of the United States, any State of the United States, or any locality of the United States shall have effect. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS OF  
UNITED STATES LAW.—No provision of any trade 
agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall prevent the United States, any State of the United States, or any locality of the United States from amending or modifying any law of the United States, that State, or that locality (as the case may be). 
(c) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT REPORTS .—Reports, 
including findings and recommendations, issued by dispute settlement panels convened pursuant to any trade agreement entered into under sec-tion 103(b) shall have no binding effect on the law of the United States, the Government of the United States, or the law or government of any State or locality of the United States. 
SEC. 109. INTERESTS OF SMALL BUSINESSES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the United States Trade Representative 
should facilitate participation by small busi-nesses in the trade negotiation process; and 
(2) the functions of the Office of the United 
States Trade Representative relating to small businesses should continue to be reflected in the title of the Assistant United States Trade Rep-resentative assigned the responsibility for small businesses. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF SMALL BUSINESS INTER-
ESTS.—The Assistant United States Trade Rep-
resentative for Small Business, Market Access, and Industrial Competitiveness shall be respon-sible for ensuring that the interests of small businesses are considered in all trade negotia-tions in accordance with the objective described in section 102(a)(8). 
SEC. 110. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS; APPLICA-
TION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
(a) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A DVICE FROM UNITED STATES INTER -
NATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION .—Section 131 of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2151) is amend-ed— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(a) or (b) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b) of section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(b) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(b) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(a)(3)(A) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(a)(4)(A) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 2103 
of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(a) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(2) H
EARINGS .—Section 132 of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2152) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(3) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .—Section 133(a) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2153(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(4) P
REREQUISITES FOR OFFERS .—Section 134 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2154) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipar-tisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(5) I
NFORMATION AND ADVICE FROM PRIVATE  
AND PUBLIC SECTORS .—Section 135 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan 
Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘not later than the date on 
which the President notifies the Congress under section 2105(a)(1)(A) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President notifies Congress under section 106(a)(1)(A) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 2102 
of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(6) P
ROCEDURES RELATING TO IMPLEMENTING  
BILLS .—Section 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2191) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 2105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘section 
2105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(7) T
RANSMISSION OF AGREEMENTS TO CON -
GRESS .—Section 162(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2212(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
For purposes of applying sections 125, 126, and 127 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2135, 2136, and 2137)— 
(1) any trade agreement entered into under 
section 103 shall be treated as an agreement en-tered into under section 101 or 102 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2111 or 2112), as appro-priate; and 
(2) any proclamation or Executive order issued 
pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under section 103 shall be treated as a proclama-tion or Executive order issued pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under section 102 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2112). 
SEC. 111. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GREEMENT ON AGRICULTURE .—The term 
‘‘Agreement on Agriculture’’ means the agree-ment referred to in section 101(d)(2) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(2)). 
(2) A
GREEMENT ON SAFEGUARDS .—The term 
‘‘Agreement on Safeguards’’ means the agree-ment referred to in section 101(d)(13) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(13)). 
(3) A
GREEMENT ON SUBSIDIES AND COUNTER -
VAILING MEASURES .—The term ‘‘Agreement on 
Subsidies and Countervailing Measures’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(12) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(12)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4258 June 12, 2015 
(4) A NTIDUMPING AGREEMENT .—The term 
‘‘Antidumping Agreement’’ means the Agree-ment on Implementation of Article VI of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(7) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(7)). 
(5) A
PPELLATE BODY .—The term ‘‘Appellate 
Body’’ means the Appellate Body established under Article 17.1 of the Dispute Settlement Un-derstanding. 
(6) C
OMMON MULTILATERAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
AGREEMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘common multilat-
eral environmental agreement’’ means any agreement specified in subparagraph (B) or in-cluded under subparagraph (C) to which both the United States and one or more other parties to the negotiations are full parties, including any current or future mutually agreed upon protocols, amendments, annexes, or adjustments to such an agreement. 
(B) A
GREEMENTS SPECIFIED .—The agreements 
specified in this subparagraph are the following: 
(i) The Convention on International Trade in 
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, done at Washington March 3, 1973 (27 UST 1087; TIAS 8249). 
(ii) The Montreal Protocol on Substances that 
Deplete the Ozone Layer, done at Montreal Sep-tember 16, 1987. 
(iii) The Protocol of 1978 Relating to the Inter-
national Convention for the Prevention of Pol-lution from Ships, 1973, done at London Feb-ruary 17, 1978. 
(iv) The Convention on Wetlands of Inter-
national Importance Especially as Waterfowl Habitat, done at Ramsar February 2, 1971 (TIAS 11084). 
(v) The Convention on the Conservation of 
Antarctic Marine Living Resources, done at Canberra May 20, 1980 (33 UST 3476). 
(vi) The International Convention for the 
Regulation of Whaling, done at Washington De-cember 2, 1946 (62 Stat. 1716). 
(vii) The Convention for the Establishment of 
an Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission, done at Washington May 31, 1949 (1 UST 230). 
(C) A
DDITIONAL AGREEMENTS .—Both the 
United States and one or more other parties to the negotiations may agree to include any other multilateral environmental or conservation agreement to which they are full parties as a common multilateral environmental agreement under this paragraph. 
(7) C
ORE LABOR STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘core 
labor standards’’ means— 
(A) freedom of association; (B) the effective recognition of the right to 
collective bargaining; 
(C) the elimination of all forms of forced or 
compulsory labor; 
(D) the effective abolition of child labor and a 
prohibition on the worst forms of child labor; and 
(E) the elimination of discrimination in re-
spect of employment and occupation. 
(8) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT UNDERSTANDING .— 
The term ‘‘Dispute Settlement Understanding’’ means the Understanding on Rules and Proce-dures Governing the Settlement of Disputes re-ferred to in section 101(d)(16) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(16)). 
(9) E
NABLING CLAUSE .—The term ‘‘Enabling 
Clause’’ means the Decision on Differential and More Favourable Treatment, Reciprocity and Fuller Participation of Developing Countries (L/ 4903), adopted November 28, 1979, under GATT 1947 (as defined in section 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501)). 
(10) E
NVIRONMENTAL LAWS .—The term ‘‘envi-
ronmental laws’’, with respect to the laws of the United States, means environmental statutes and regulations enforceable by action of the Federal Government. 
(11) GATT 
1994.—The term ‘‘GATT 1994’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501). (12) G
ENERAL AGREEMENT ON TRADE IN SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘‘General Agreement on Trade 
in Services’’ means the General Agreement on Trade in Services (referred to in section 101(d)(14) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(14))). 
(13) G
OVERNMENT PROCUREMENT AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Government Procurement 
Agreement’’ means the Agreement on Govern-ment Procurement referred to in section 101(d)(17) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(17)). 
(14) ILO.—The term ‘‘ILO’’ means the Inter-
national Labor Organization. 
(15) I
MPORT SENSITIVE AGRICULTURAL PROD -
UCT.—The term ‘‘import sensitive agricultural 
product’’ means an agricultural product— 
(A) with respect to which, as a result of the 
Uruguay Round Agreements, the rate of duty was the subject of tariff reductions by the United States and, pursuant to such Agree-ments, was reduced on January 1, 1995, to a rate that was not less than 97.5 percent of the rate of duty that applied to such article on December 31, 1994; or 
(B) which was subject to a tariff rate quota on 
the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(16) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AGREEMENT .— 
The term ‘‘Information Technology Agreement’’ means the Ministerial Declaration on Trade in Information Technology Products of the World Trade Organization, agreed to at Singapore De-cember 13, 1996. 
(17) I
NTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED CORE  
LABOR STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘internationally 
recognized core labor standards’’ means the core labor standards only as stated in the ILO Dec-laration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and its Follow-Up (1998). 
(18) L
ABOR LAWS .—The term ‘‘labor laws’’ 
means the statutes and regulations, or provi-sions thereof, of a party to the negotiations that are directly related to core labor standards as well as other labor protections for children and minors and acceptable conditions of work with respect to minimum wages, hours of work, and occupational safety and health, and for the United States, includes Federal statutes and regulations addressing those standards, protec-tions, or conditions, but does not include State or local labor laws. 
(19) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘‘United States person’’ means— 
(A) a United States citizen; (B) a partnership, corporation, or other legal 
entity that is organized under the laws of the United States; and 
(C) a partnership, corporation, or other legal 
entity that is organized under the laws of a for-eign country and is controlled by entities de-scribed in subparagraph (B) or United States citizens, or both. 
(20) U
RUGUAY ROUND AGREEMENTS .—The term 
‘‘Uruguay Round Agreements’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(7) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(7)). 
(21) W
ORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION ; WTO.—The 
terms ‘‘World Trade Organization’’ and ‘‘WTO’’ mean the organization established pursuant to the WTO Agreement. 
(22) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘WTO 
Agreement’’ means the Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization entered into on April 15, 1994. 
(23) WTO 
MEMBER .—The term ‘‘WTO mem-
ber’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(10) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(10)). 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trade Adjust-
ment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS RELAT-
ING TO TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SNAPBACK .—Section 233 of the 
Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–40; 125 Stat. 416) is re-
pealed. 
(b) A PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
Except as otherwise provided in this title, the provisions of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on December 31, 2013, and as amended by this title, shall— 
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act; and 
(2) apply to petitions for certification filed 
under chapter 2, 3, or 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after such date of enactment. 
(c) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this title, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision of chap-ters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of any such chapter, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TERMINATION PROVISIONS .— 
Section 285 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(b) T
RAINING FUNDS.—Section 236(a)(2)(A) of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not exceed $450,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021.’’. 
(c) R
EEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE .—Section 246(b)(1) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2318(b)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR WORK -
ERS.—Section 245(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2317(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(2) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS .—Section 255(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2345(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
(3) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR FARM -
ERS.—Section 298(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2401g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 204. PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT AND RE-
PORTING. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Section 239(j) 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2311(j)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘D
ATAREPORTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERFORM -
ANCE MEASURES ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘an annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘meas-
ures’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘core’’ 
and inserting ‘‘primary’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘that 
promote efficiency and effectiveness’’ after ‘‘as-sistance program’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ORE INDICATORS DESCRIBED ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE ’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) P RIMARY INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE  
DESCRIBED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The primary indicators of 
performance referred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall consist of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4259 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(I) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who are in unsub-sidized employment during the second calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(II) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program and who are in unsub-sidized employment during the fourth calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(III) the median earnings of workers de-
scribed in subclause (I); 
‘‘(IV) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, subject to clause (ii), obtain a recognized postsecondary creden-tial or a secondary school diploma or its recog-nized equivalent, during participation in the program or within one year after exit from the program; and 
‘‘(V) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, during a year while receiving such benefits, are in an edu-cation or training program that leads to a recog-nized postsecondary credential or employment and who are achieving measurable gains in skills toward such a credential or employment. 
‘‘(ii) I
NDICATOR RELATING TO CREDENTIAL .— 
For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a worker who re-ceived benefits under the trade adjustment as-sistance program who obtained a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent shall be included in the percentage counted for pur-poses of that clause only if the worker, in addi-tion to obtaining such a diploma or its recog-nized equivalent, has obtained or retained em-ployment or is in an education or training pro-gram leading to a recognized postsecondary cre-dential within one year after exit from the pro-gram.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
DATA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEASURES ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘annual’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘meas-
ures’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
CCESSIBILITY OF STATE PERFORMANCE  
REPORTS .—The Secretary shall, on an annual 
basis, make available (including by electronic means), in an easily understandable format, the reports of cooperating States or cooperating State agencies required by paragraph (1) and the information contained in those reports.’’. 
(b) C
OLLECTION AND PUBLICATION OF DATA.— 
Section 249B of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘enrolled 
in’’ and inserting ‘‘who received’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘complete’’ and inserting 
‘‘exited’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘who were enrolled in’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, including who received’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exited’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exit’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) The average cost per worker of receiving 
training approved under section 236. 
‘‘(H) The percentage of workers who received 
training approved under section 236 and ob-tained unsubsidized employment in a field re-lated to that training.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by striking 
‘‘quarterly’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(C) The median earnings of workers de-
scribed in section 239(j)(2)(A)(i)(III) during the second calendar quarter after exit from the pro-gram, expressed as a percentage of the median 
earnings of such workers before the calendar quarter in which such workers began receiving benefits under this chapter.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) the reports required under section 
239(j);’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a quar-
terly’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual’’. 
(c) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIAL  
DEFINED .—Section 247 of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(19) The term ‘recognized postsecondary cre-
dential’ means a credential consisting of an in-dustry-recognized certificate or certification, a certificate of completion of an apprenticeship, a license recognized by a State or the Federal Government, or an associate or baccalaureate degree.’’. 
SEC. 205. APPLICABILITY OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT 
ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS. 
(a) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .— 
(1) P ETITIONS FILED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1 , 
2014, AND BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C ERTIFICATIONS OF WORKERS NOT CER -
TIFIED BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(i) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Labor has not made a determination with respect to whether to cer-tify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in clause (iii), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIALS OF CERTIFI -
CATIONS .—If, before the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary made a determination not to certify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a peti-tion described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall— 
(I) reconsider that determination; and (II) if the group of workers meets the require-
ments of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the group of workers as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance. 
(iii) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this clause is a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility for a group of workers filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause 
(ii), a worker certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be eligible, on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to receive ben-efits only under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) C
OMPUTATION OF MAXIMUM BENEFITS .— 
Benefits received by a worker described in clause (i) under chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be included in any determination of the maximum benefits for which the worker is eligible under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
ETITIONS FILED BEFORE JANUARY 1 , 2014.— 
A worker certified as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or 
before December 31, 2013, shall continue to be el-igible to apply for and receive benefits under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of such Act, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
(3) Q
UALIFYING SEPARATIONS WITH RESPECT TO  
PETITIONS FILED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF DATE OF EN -
ACTMENT .—Section 223(b) of the Trade Act of 
1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ for ‘‘more than one year before the date of the petition on which such certification was granted’’ for pur-poses of determining whether a worker is eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and on or before the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(b) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS.— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS NOT CERTIFIED  
BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in sub-paragraph (C), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(B) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIAL OF CERTAIN  
PETITIONS .—If, before the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary made a determination not to certify a firm as eligible to apply for ad-justment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall— 
(i) reconsider that determination; and (ii) if the firm meets the requirements of sec-
tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the firm as eligi-ble to apply for adjustment assistance. 
(C) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition described 
in this subparagraph is a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility filed by a firm or its rep-resentative under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS THAT DID NOT  
SUBMIT PETITIONS BETWEEN JANUARY 1 , 2014, AND 
DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce 
shall certify a firm described in subparagraph (B) as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, if the firm or its representative files a petition for a certification of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(B) F
IRM DESCRIBED .—A firm described in this 
subparagraph is a firm that the Secretary deter-mines would have been certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance if— 
(i) the firm or its representative had filed a pe-
tition for a certification of eligibility under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on a date dur-ing the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act; and 
(ii) the provisions of chapter 3 of title II of the 
Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, had been in effect on that date dur-ing the period described in clause (i). 
SEC. 206. SUNSET PROVISIONS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF PRIOR LAW.—Subject to 
subsection (b), beginning on July 1, 2021, the provisions of chapters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.), as in effect on January 1, 2014, shall be in effect and apply, except that in applying and admin-istering such chapters— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4260 June 12, 2015 
(1) paragraph (1) of section 231(c) of that Act 
shall be applied and administered as if subpara-graphs (A), (B), and (C) of that paragraph were not in effect; 
(2) section 233 of that Act shall be applied and 
administered— 
(A) in subsection (a)— 
(i) in paragraph (2), by substituting ‘‘104-week 
period’’ for ‘‘104-week period’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘130-week period)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by substituting ‘‘65’’ for ‘‘52’’; and 
(II) by substituting ‘‘78-week period’’ for ‘‘52- 
week period’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering subsection 
(g) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(g) P
AYMENT OF TRADE READJUSTMENT AL-
LOWANCES TOCOMPLETE TRAINING .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, in order to assist an adversely affected worker to complete training approved for the worker under section 236 that leads to the completion of a degree or industry-recognized credential, pay-ments may be made as trade readjustment allow-ances for not more than 13 weeks within such period of eligibility as the Secretary may pre-scribe to account for a break in training or for justifiable cause that follows the last week for which the worker is otherwise entitled to a trade readjustment allowance under this chapter if— 
‘‘(1) payment of the trade readjustment allow-
ance for not more than 13 weeks is necessary for the worker to complete the training; 
‘‘(2) the worker participates in training in 
each such week; and 
‘‘(3) the worker— ‘‘(A) has substantially met the performance 
benchmarks established as part of the training approved for the worker; 
‘‘(B) is expected to continue to make progress 
toward the completion of the training; and 
‘‘(C) will complete the training during that 
period of eligibility.’’; 
(3) section 245(a) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’; 
(4) section 246(b)(1) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘the date that is 5 years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State’’; 
(5) section 256(b) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007, and $4,000,000 for the 3-month period beginning on October 1, 2007’’; 
(6) section 298(a) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of the fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘October 1, 2007’’; and 
(7) section 285 of that Act shall be applied and 
administered— 
(A) in subsection (a), by substituting ‘‘June 
30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering subsection 
(b) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(b) O
THER ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE FOR FIRMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), assistance may not be provided under chapter 3 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), any assistance approved under chap-ter 3 pursuant to a petition filed under section 251 on or before June 30, 2022, may be pro-vided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pursuant 
to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assist-
ance is otherwise eligible to receive such assist-ance. 
‘‘(2) F
ARMERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), assistance may not be provided under chapter 6 after June 30, 2022. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), any assistance approved under chap-ter 6 on or before June 30, 2022, may be pro-vided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pursuant 
to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assist-
ance is otherwise eligible to receive such assist-ance.’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of chapters 
2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall continue to apply on and after July 1, 2021, with respect to— 
(1) workers certified as eligible for trade ad-
justment assistance benefits under chapter 2 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 221 of that Act before July 1, 2021; 
(2) firms certified as eligible for technical as-
sistance or grants under chapter 3 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under sec-tion 251 of that Act before July 1, 2021; and 
(3) agricultural commodity producers certified 
as eligible for technical or financial assistance under chapter 6 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 292 of that Act before July 1, 2021. 
SEC. 207. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
HEALTH COVERAGE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subparagraph (B) of section 
35(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘before January 1, 2020’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATION WITHCREDIT FOR COV-
ERAGE UNDER A QUALIFIED HEALTH PLAN.—Sub-
section (g) of section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-
graph (13), and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(11) E
LECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—This section shall not 
apply to any taxpayer for any eligible coverage month unless such taxpayer elects the applica-tion of this section for such month. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING AND APPLICABILITY OF ELEC -
TION.—Except as the Secretary may provide— 
‘‘(i) an election to have this section apply for 
any eligible coverage month in a taxable year shall be made not later than the due date (in-cluding extensions) for the return of tax for the taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) any election for this section to apply for 
an eligible coverage month shall apply for all subsequent eligible coverage months in the tax-able year and, once made, shall be irrevocable with respect to such months. 
‘‘(12) C
OORDINATION WITH PREMIUM TAX CRED -
IT.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible coverage month 
to which the election under paragraph (11) ap-plies shall not be treated as a coverage month (as defined in section 36B(c)(2)) for purposes of section 36B with respect to the taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH ADVANCE PAYMENTS  
OF PREMIUM TAX CREDIT .—In the case of a tax-
payer who makes the election under paragraph (11) with respect to any eligible coverage month in a taxable year or on behalf of whom any ad-vance payment is made under section 7527 with respect to any month in such taxable year— 
‘‘(i) the tax imposed by this chapter for the 
taxable year shall be increased by the excess, if any, of— 
‘‘(I) the sum of any advance payments made 
on behalf of the taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and section 7527 for months during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(II) the sum of the credits allowed under this 
section (determined without regard to para-graph (1)) and section 36B (determined without regard to subsection (f)(1) thereof) for such tax-able year, and 
‘‘(ii) section 36B(f)(2) shall not apply with re-
spect to such taxpayer for such taxable year, ex-cept that if such taxpayer received any advance payments under section 7527 for any month in 
such taxable year and is later allowed a credit under section 36B for such taxable year, then section 36B(f)(2)(B) shall be applied by sub-stituting the amount determined under clause (i) for the amount determined under section 36B(f)(2)(A).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF ADVANCE PAYMENT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 7527 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reau-thorization Act of 2015’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) 
of section 7527(e) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘occurring’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘occurring— 
‘‘(A) after the date that is 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015, and 
‘‘(B) prior to the first month for which an ad-
vance payment is made on behalf of such indi-vidual under subsection (a).’’. 
(d) I
NDIVIDUAL INSURANCE TREATED AS QUALI-
FIED HEALTH INSURANCE WITHOUT REGARD TO  
ENROLLMENT DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (J) of section 
35(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘insurance if the eligible individual’’ and all that follows through ‘‘For purposes of’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance. For pur-poses of’’. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Subparagraph (J) of sec-
tion 35(e)(1) of such Code, as amended by para-graph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘insurance.’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance (other than coverage enrolled in through an Exchange established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act).’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (m) 
of section 6501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, 35(g)(11)’’ after ‘‘30D(e)(4)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(2) P
LANS AVAILABLE ON INDIVIDUAL MARKET  
FOR USE OF TAX CREDIT .—The amendment made 
by subsection (d)(2) shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2015. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 35(g)(11)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this title), an election to apply section 35 of such Code to an eligible cov-erage month (as defined in section 35(b) of such Code) (and not to claim the credit under section 36B of such Code with respect to such month) in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2013, and before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(A) may be made at any time on or after such 
date of enactment and before the expiration of the 3-year period of limitation prescribed in sec-tion 6511(a) with respect to such taxable year; and 
(B) may be made on an amended return. (g) A
GENCY OUTREACH .—As soon as possible 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the Treasury, Health and Human Services, and Labor (or such Secretaries’ dele-gates) and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or the Director’s dele-gate) shall carry out programs of public out-reach, including on the Internet, to inform po-tential eligible individuals (as defined in section 35(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the extension of the credit under section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the availability of the election to claim such credit retroactively for coverage months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4261 June 12, 2015 
SEC. 208. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Fees may be charged under paragraphs 
(9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 29, 2025, and ending on Sep-tember 30, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) F
URTHER ADDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the 
period beginning on July 15, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SEC. 209. CHILD TAX CREDIT NOT REFUNDABLE 
FOR TAXPAYERS ELECTING TO EX-CLUDE FOREIGN EARNED INCOME FROM TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24(d) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Paragraph (1) shall 
not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 210. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corpora-tion with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding tax-able year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment of 
corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 2.75 percent of such amount (deter-mined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in para-graph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to re-flect the amount of the increase by reason of such paragraph. 
SEC. 211. COVERAGE AND PAYMENT FOR RENAL 
DIALYSIS SERVICES FOR INDIVID-UALS WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY. 
(a) C OVERAGE .—Section 1861(s)(2)(F) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(s)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including such renal dialysis serv-ices furnished on or after January 1, 2017, by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under section 1881(b)(14) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in section 1834(r)(2))’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT .—Section 1834 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(r) P
AYMENT FOR RENAL DIALYSIS SERVICES  
FORINDIVIDUALS WITHACUTE KIDNEY INJURY .— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENT RATE .—In the case of renal di-
alysis services (as defined in subparagraph (B) of section 1881(b)(14)) furnished under this part by a renal dialysis facility or provider of serv-ices paid under such section during a year (be-ginning with 2017) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in paragraph (2)), the amount of payment under this part for such services shall be the base rate for renal dialysis services determined for such year under such section, as adjusted by any applicable geo-
graphic adjustment factor applied under sub-paragraph (D)(iv)(II) of such section and may be adjusted by the Secretary (on a budget neu-tral basis for payments under this paragraph) by any other adjustment factor under subpara-graph (D) of such section. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-
vidual with acute kidney injury’ means an indi-vidual who has acute loss of renal function and does not receive renal dialysis services for which payment is made under section 1881(b)(14).’’. 
SEC. 212. MODIFICATION OF THE MEDICARE SE-
QUESTER FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024. 
Section 251A(6)(D)(ii) of the Balanced Budget 
and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)(D)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘0.0 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘0.25 percent’’. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . RYAN OF WISCONSIN  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I have a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the motion. 
The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Ryan of Wisconsin moves that the 
House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 305, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
R
YAN) and the gentleman from Michi-
gan (Mr. L EVIN) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1314, the Trade Act of 2015, cur-rently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as may I con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, the question before us 
today is really pretty simple: Is Amer-ica going to shape the global economy or is it going to shape us? Ninety-five percent of the world’s consumers, they don’t live in this country. They live in other countries. So if we want to cre-ate more jobs in America, we have got to make more things here in America and sell them over there. In fact, one out of every five jobs in America al-ready today depends on trade, and you know what, that is a good thing be-cause these jobs pay more. They pay on average 18 percent more. But while the world is moving full steam ahead we have been standing still, Mr. Speaker. 
We haven’t completed a trade agree-
ment in years. Today, there are 262 free trade agreements in place across the world. We are a party to 14. Since 2007, when the last version of trade pro-motion authority expired, there have been 100 trade agreements negotiated and signed. The U.S. is a party to none 
of those. China is negotiating seven agreements right now, including one with 16 countries. 
In the global economy, if you are 
standing still, you are falling behind because all these other countries are negotiating agreements without us. What that basically means is other countries are lowering their trade bar-riers between those countries. As a re-sult of them lowering their trade bar-riers, making their products more af-fordable, getting more market share, they are putting up barriers against our products, making it harder for us to get access to those markets. 
Big companies can set up a factory in 
another country, make something there, and sell it there. Getting trade agreements means removing those bar-riers so we keep those factories here, so all businesses, big and small, can make things in America, grow things in America, and sell them overseas. 
Let me just give you an example. 
Since the year 2000 there have been 48 trade agreements in East Asia alone. America has been a party to only two of them, and as a result of that, our share of their imports fell by 42 per-cent. 
The rules of the global economy are 
being written right now, Mr. Speaker. That is not the question. The question is: Are we going to write the rules of the global economy with our allies or are we going to let other countries write the rules, such as China? This is why H.R. 1314, the Trade Act, would es-tablish TPA, or trade promotion au-thority. 
Now, there has been a lot of confu-
sion about this bill, a lot of honest con-fusion and sometimes a lot of inten-tional confusion. Let me say really clearly what this bill is. 
TPA is not a trade deal. TPA is not 
a trade agreement. TPA is a process for negotiating a trade agreement. Con-gress is not considering a trade agree-ment today. There is no secret agree-ment that nobody has read that is being voted on today. All we are voting on today is a process by which Con-gress considers trade agreements. The earliest we would do so would be in the fall, at the earliest. Why should we care about this process? Because a good process gets us a good result. 
This TPA will give us the leverage 
that we, in Congress, need to get a fair deal for the American worker because when other countries know that the deal that they agreed to is a deal Con-gress will vote on they will give us their best offers. Countries aren’t going to give us a good agreement if they have to negotiate with 535 people. 
Here is how it works. Congress says 
to the President, when you submit a trade agreement, we will give you an up-or-down vote on three conditions. First, you have got to pursue specific negotiating objectives, 150 of them. Here is what we want to see in a trade agreement and here is what cannot be in a trade agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4262 June 12, 2015 
Second, you have got to keep us in-
formed. You have got to regularly con-sult with Congress. Congress must have access to all of the negotiating texts. Right now, it is whatever the adminis-tration chooses to give us. They con-trol it. They decide on their terms. With TPA, Congress says no, no, no; we, in Congress, get access to these ne-gotiating documents while it is being negotiated. We, in Congress, are ac-credited to go to the negotiations if we want to, and with the Zinke protocol, which we added to this, if we ourselves can’t make it, we will send representa-tives for ourselves to these negotia-tions. 
Third, and perhaps most impor-
tantly, transparency. In the old days, they used to call this thing fast track. President goes out and gets an agree-ment and then wham, whizzes it through, has Congress vote on it, it is in law, everybody’s wondering what the heck just happened, what is in this thing. Not again. No more. 
When an agreement is reached, when 
America gets an agreement with other countries, before the President can even sign off on it, we make it public for 60 days, up on the Internet, every-body can read it for themselves and see what it is. That is in this law. Never done that before. And then the Presi-dent can sign it, but when he signs it, it doesn’t go into effect. When he signs it, it just means he sends it to Con-gress, and then Congress considers it. Congress considers it and Congress de-termines whether it is going to happen or not. It is a bill like any other bill. Congress has to pass it. They have to affirmatively pass it for it to go into effect, and if the House of Representa-tives doesn’t like the trade agreement and they vote it down with a simple majority vote, it doesn’t happen. That is what this bill does. We have the final say. 
I understand a lot of our Members, 
especially on our side of the aisle, they don’t trust this administration. Join the club. Neither do I. That is precisely why I support this bill. TPA puts Con-gress in the driver’s seat. 
Mr. Speaker, the world is watching 
this. The world is watching whether or not—and they are trying to make a de-cision—is America still America or is America in retreat? Our allies want our leadership. Our adversaries are meas-uring how much we stack up. Our en-emies would love for us to retreat. The world is watching as to whether or not America is going to lead in the world, whether America in the dawn of the 21st century is going to take command of writing the rules of the global econ-omy or cede that command to other countries. 
If we establish TPA, we are saying, 
on a bipartisan basis, we want America to lead; we believe in our country; we believe in our workers; we believe in our economy; we want to open up mar-kets so that we can use American inge-nuity and American workers to create American jobs. So we can sell our goods and our services and our prod-
ucts overseas so we can create more good-paying jobs right here at home. That is what this is about. It is about getting us on the playing field. 
There have been 100 trade agreements 
negotiated, signed since 2007 when TPA last expired. We are a party to zero of those. The rest of the world is moving around. The rest of the world is getting better deals. The rest of the world is freezing us out. We have got to get back in this game and lead this game and define this game. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, May 14, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN RYAN: I am writing regard-
ing H.R. 1890, the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, as amended, which the Committee on Ways and Means reported on April 23, 2015. 
The bill contains provisions that fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. The Committee on the Budget did not take any action on H.R. 1890 prior to being discharged. By foregoing consideration of H.R. 1890, as amended, the Committee on the Budget does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation and that the Com-mittee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any remaining issues that fall within its jurisdiction. The Committee on the Budg-et also reserves the right to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support of any such request. 
We appreciate your cooperation and look 
forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 18, 2015. 
Hon. T OMPRICE, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, Cannon 
House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Rules Committee’s ju-risdictional interest in H.R. 1890, the Bipar-tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015, and your willing-ness to forego consideration by your com-mittee. 
I agree that the Committee on Budget has 
a valid jurisdictional interest in certain pro-visions of the bill and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or simi-lar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of the bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. COMMITTEE ON RULES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 24, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN RYAN: On April 23, 2015, 
the Committee on Ways and Means ordered reported H.R. 1890, the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015. As you know, the Committee on Rules was granted a referral upon the bill’s introduction pursuant to the Committee’s jurisdiction under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives over rules and joint rules of the House. The Committee has exclusive jurisdiction over several provisions related to expedited procedures for consider-ation of legislation in the House. 
We appreciate your recognition of the 
Committee’s jurisdiction over these provi-sions and your assurances that we will be able to make any necessary changes during any House-Senate conference. Because of your commitment to consult with my com-mittee regarding these matters going for-ward, I will agree to waive consideration of the bill. By agreeing to waive consideration of the bill, the Rules Committee does not waive its jurisdiction. In addition, the Com-mittee on Rules reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provisions of the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference that may be con-vened on this legislation. I ask your commit-ment to support any request by the Com-mittee on Rules for conferees on this meas-ure or related legislation. 
I also request that you include this letter 
and your response as part of your commit-tee’s report on the bill and in the Congres-sional Record during its consideration on the House floor. 
Thank you for your attention to these 
matters. 
Sincerely, 
P
ETESESSIONS , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 24, 2015. 
Hon. P ETESESSIONS , 
Chairman, Committee on Rules, Washington, 
DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Rules Committee’s ju-risdictional interest in H.R. 1890, the Bipar-tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015, and your willing-ness to forego consideration by your com-mittee. 
I agree that the Committee on Rules has a 
valid jurisdictional interest in certain provi-sions of the bill and that the Committee’s ju-risdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or simi-lar legislation should such a conference be 
convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the committee report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of the bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.007 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4263 June 12, 2015 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN RYAN: I write in regard to 
H.R. 1892, Trade Adjustment Assistance Act (TAA), and for other purposes of 2015, which was ordered reported by the Committee on Ways and Means on April 23, 2015. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 1892 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
This is done with the understanding that 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 1892 and requests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response con-
firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1892 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding your Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest in H.R. 1892, the Trade Ad-justment Assistance Act of 2015, ordered re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means on April 23, 2015. I appreciate your decision to facilitate prompt consideration of the bill by the full House. I understand that by fore-going a mark-up of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is not waiving its interest in the provisions within its jurisdic-tion or the right to seek conferees. 
Per your request, I will include a copy of 
our exchange of letters with respect to HR. 1892 in the Congressional Record during House consideration of this bill. We appre-ciate your cooperation and look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 12, 2015. 
Hon. T OMPRICE, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, Cannon 
House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding your Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest in H.R. 1892, the Trade Ad-justment Assistance Act of 2015, ordered re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means on April 23, 2015. I appreciate your decision to facilitate prompt consideration of the bill by the full House. I understand that by fore-going a mark-up of the bill, the Committee on the Budget is not waiving its interest in the provisions within its jurisdiction or the right to seek conferees. 
Per your request, I will include a copy of 
our exchange of letters with respect to H.R. 1892 in the Congressional Record during House consideration of this bill. We appre-ciate your cooperation and look forward to 
working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, May 8, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN RYAN: I am writing regard-
ing H.R. 1892, the Trade Adjustment Assist-ance Act of 2015, as amended, which the Com-mittee on Ways and Means ordered reported without recommendation on April 23, 2015. 
The bill contains provisions that fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. In order to expedite House consider-ation of H.R. 1892, as amended, the Com-mittee on the Budget will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the under-standing that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1892, as amended, the Committee on the Budget does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves for-ward so that the Committee may address any remaining issues that fall within its ju-risdiction. The Committee on the Budget also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your sup-port of any such request. 
We appreciate your cooperation and look 
forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I have worked in all my years here to 
expand trade in ways that spread its benefits to the many, not just to the few. C
HARLIE RANGEL and I led the 
fight to include strong and enforceable labor and environmental positions and to strike the right balance between in-novation and access to medicines in the historic May 10 agreement of 2007. 
The trouble with this TPA is that it 
means no meaningful provisions what-soever in TPP on currency manipula-tion, which has destroyed millions of middle class American jobs and allows investors to challenge American health and environmental regulations and others, not through the American legal system but through unregulated arbi-tration panels. 
b0930 
It is about a TPP going in the wrong 
direction in access to medicines and, in some important ways, on environ-mental protections; and it is about countries like Mexico that deny their workers basic labor rights to gain an uncompetitive advantage over our companies and workers. It is about Vietnam and Malaysia, which stand in clear violation of the May 10 provisions on international workers’ rights, with no plan we know of. 
In that sense, it is secret of a TPP to 
change that, far from a progressive trade agreement. On this and every 
other area of the TPP, there are only vague negotiating objectives left to be determined whether they were met by those who did the negotiating. I just want to say these negotiating objec-tives are so vague that they are mean-ingless, and to hold them up as some-thing that holds USTR to action is simply a mirage. 
Instead of passing this bill, which 
gives a blank check to the administra-tion to finish up TPP negotiations where they are now and leaves Con-gress with only an up-or-down vote at the end, we should be using our lever-age to impact the negotiations. This bill does not do that. 
We in Congress, despite all of the 
rhetoric, will be in the back seat, not in the falsely claimed driver’s seat. That is what this is all about, not pro-tectionism versus free trade, not re-flective opposition as is sometimes claimed to expanded trade. I have worked for expanded trade. It is quite the opposite. I want a TPP that is wor-thy of broad bipartisan support. 
As to TAA and proponents of TPA, 
they are the ones who have linked the two together in a single bill. TAA should not be a bargaining chip to get a deeply flawed TPA across the finish line, and that is how this has been set up. This TPA should stand on its own feet. Even in its best form, TAA was a modest program, and I was one of the authors supporting it, but this TAA bill includes a number of shortcomings compared to the high watermark of the program. 
Despite the fact that the need in this 
country is growing and trade is expand-ing, the truth of the matter is we need to do far more to train and educate our workers and to invest in our future in order to compete in a global economy. 
A ‘‘no’’ vote will give us another op-
portunity to improve TAA and TPA and to achieve our ultimate goal for which I and others have been working for months and months and months and months, and that is the goal: a strong TPP agreement that can gain broad, bipartisan support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
let me inquire as to the time remain-ing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has 21
1⁄2min-
utes remaining, and the gentleman from Michigan has 25 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, some 
have called Trade Adjustment Assist-ance ‘‘burial insurance’’ since it deliv-ers limited help after a job is dead and buried. 
At a time when Fast Trackers are 
claiming that they will include over half of the world’s economy, we need a TAA that is funded for more workers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.008 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4264 June 12, 2015 
at risk of job loss. Unfortunately, this 
particular TAA proposal is really short for ‘‘Taking Away Assistance.’’ 
It includes substantially less funding 
than the Administration has said was essential to protecting those who lose their jobs through expanded trade. Fur-ther, this TAA fails to restore coverage to thousands whose jobs may be ex-ported. 
In a very contrived process this 
morning, designed to obscure what is really happening and to remove ac-countability from Members of this House, desperate Fast Trackers and fast talkers have split up the Senate bill into two pieces—two votes—before they put it back together in exactly the same form it was when it first got to the House. And along the way, they have a self-executing rule so that it ap-pears that Members are not voting to do what they are doing. 
The first vote we take today at the 
end of this debate is on TAA. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Your vote of ‘‘no’’ offers an op-portunity to achieve both better Trade Adjustment Assistance and better trade legislation, and your vote ‘‘no’’ will also ensure that you are not on record as voting to send a bill to the President, which is exactly what will happen if you vote ‘‘yes,’’ that cuts Medicare by $700 billion. 
Reject this bill, and develop a better 
alternative that reflects our values and 21st century economic realities. What really needs ‘‘adjusting’’ here today is the no compromise, no amendment at-titude on trade. This vote wouldn’t be so close if this process had not been so closed. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ), the chair-
man of the House Intelligence Com-mittee, the former chairman of the Trade Subcommittee of the Ways and Means Committee, and a senior mem-ber of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, this is a 
time when everybody in this body needs to step back and really realize what we are here to do today. This is an historic moment. We will either move forward with our allies, with our partners—with our trading partners— or we will move back. TPA is just one step. It is a step that we must have in order to pass additional trade agree-ments that we have been doing throughout our history. 
If you look at where we are today, 
this is about trade promotion author-ity. People will have plenty of time to look at whatever trade agreements come down the pipeline over the next 5 years. That is what this debate is about. Why do we need trade agree-ments? We need to reduce tariffs on products that are made in the United States so that we have a better oppor-tunity to export them overseas. 
Mr. Speaker, this agreement has geo-
political concerns also. If we look down the road at the first trade agreement that is supposed to come up, it is sup-posed to be the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. Today, if you look at what our 
partners and allies in Asia are dealing with, it is a behemoth in China, and China doesn’t want to play by the rules. They have consistently avoided playing by the rules, which is putting our allies and our trading partners at risk, which is why we need to come to-gether and pass an agreement. 
If you pass the Trans-Pacific Part-
nership agreement and the EU agree-ment, you have two-thirds of the world’s economy under one set of rules. That is what this is really about. If we pass trade promotion authority, we move to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and we move to the European Union agreement. Then we get two-thirds of the world’s economy under the same set of rules. 
I hope that my colleagues will step 
back and just stop all of the rhetoric on both sides of the aisle. On one side, we have people who are clearly rep-resenting the labor unions. On the other side, we have people who don’t want to give the President a victory. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, is a time when 
we need to step back and do the right thing for the right reasons for the American people. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) be per-
mitted to control the time on our side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND), a member of our 
committee. 
Mr. KIND. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
legislation before us today, trade pro-motion authority as well as Trade Ad-justment Assistance. 
What we are debating and what we 
have to decide today is whether to grant this President, this administra-tion, the same type of trade negoti-ating authority that every President since FDR, minus Richard Nixon, has enjoyed. 
As a Democrat who has supported 
this administration, I wonder why we would not at least have a modicum of trust in this President going out and trying to get the best trade deal that he can. We will have an opportunity later to analyze any agreement that is reached to make sure it makes sense for our constituents, for our States, and, ultimately, for our country. 
Let’s be clear here. We are already 
trading with these nations: Vietnam, Brunei, Malaysia. The question moving forward now is what the rules of trade are going to be. That is why we need to be at the table, negotiating those rules, elevating standards. 
Now, we are going to be negotiating 
core labor, environmental, and human rights standards in the body of the agreement, fully enforceable like any 
other provision in it, which is some-thing that we have lacked in past trade agreements. 
When President Obama first ran for 
election, he was hoping for an oppor-tunity to go back and amend NAFTA because he felt, as I did, that there were deficiencies in that agreement. This is the opportunity to go back and amend the problems that NAFTA cre-ated, the lack of core labor or environ-mental standards, especially as it re-lated to Mexico. 
We need to be clear that this is an 
opportunity to move forward, getting the rules of trade and the standards elevated up to where we are so that we have a level playing field for our work-ers, our farmers, our businesses to compete. 
Otherwise, the alternative is a race 
to the bottom with no rules at all or, possibly, with China’s rules. That, ulti-mately, is the choice we face here today: to move forward with this au-thority, to move forward with these trade agreements, elevating standards to where we are, or to end up in a glob-al trading system with no rules or with China’s rules. That would be a race to the bottom, and we will not be able to compete very effectively in it. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
the passage today so we can start lev-eling the playing field for our workers at home. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my honor to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), a 
member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee and a great partner in trying to open up and break down barriers around the world. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise in support of H.R. 1314, the Trade Act of 2015, and H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act. 
With 96 percent of the world’s cus-
tomers living outside of the United States, it remains vital for Congress to facilitate free trade agreements through the passage of trade promotion authority. Absent TPA, America will continue to sit on the sidelines while the rest of the world negotiates free trade agreements and opens additional markets. 
In my home State of Indiana, we 
have the largest number of manufac-turers per capita in the United States. In the Hoosier State, exporting manu-facturing goods supports 22 percent of our manufacturing jobs, 1 out of every 5. Our Hoosier farmers export over $3.6 billion across our 5 largest agricultural export sectors. 
At the end of the day, trade equals 
jobs. Congress must pass TPA to em-power our negotiators to receive the best deal possible for American fami-lies and job creators. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. TIBERI. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
I was proud to work with Chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.014 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4265 June 12, 2015 
RYAN to ensure that the House was 
able to include language within this act to ensure that no future free trade agreement can include language for backdoor cap-and-trade agreements. 
We included language that would pre-
vent this as it would negatively impact States like Indiana, which is the sec-ond largest user of coal in the United States. I look forward to voting in sup-port of this vital piece of legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the motion to concur is postponed. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 44 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1055 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 10 o’clock 
and 55 minutes p.m. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations will now resume. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. When 
proceedings were postponed earlier today, 39 minutes of debate remained on the bill. 
The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. 
T
IBERI ) has 18 minutes remaining, and 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) has 21 minutes remaining. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
privilege to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ), one of our leaders here in the 
Congress on free trade. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman so much for yielding and for his good work. 
Mr. Speaker, trade means prosperity. 
In any trade, both sides go away with something of greater value to them-selves, or the trade wouldn’t take place. More markets for American products means more jobs and higher wages for American workers. More products entering our economy means more consumer choices and lower prices. 
Trade agreements make trade pos-
sible, but the authority to effectively negotiate trade agreements lapsed 
years ago, handicapping America ever since. This is not some new power; it just restores the same negotiating process that has served us well since the 1930s. 
A lot of people confuse the TPA with 
the TPP. That is a trade agreement that hasn’t even been finalized. If it is finalized, this bill assures that it has to meet 150 congressionally mandated conditions and be available for every American to read for at least 60 days before Congress votes to approve or re-ject it. 
TPA tells world markets America is 
back. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS), a 
member of our committee, the most distinguished Member from Georgia— or I should say the very distinguished Member. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my friend and my ranking mem-ber for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to the fast track amendment. 
Over 20 years ago, I stood on this 
very House floor in opposition to NAFTA. I felt strongly then, as I do now, that these agreements are about more than trade. They are reflections of our values. Let me be clear, I am for trade. Since NAFTA, I have opposed some agreements and supported others, but I am not for trade at any price or at any cost. 
Those of us on the Ways and Means 
Committee tried time and time again to make this legislation better, but mine and every single other Demo-cratic amendment was rejected. 
Mr. Speaker, I visited Vietnam, and I 
know that there is much work to be done. There is no freedom to organize, and freedom of speech is limited. 
The people of Georgia are calling and 
writing my office in waves. For over 20 years, they have felt the hardship of unfair trade. Textile and automobile factories disappeared from metro At-lanta. Good jobs were shipped to Ban-gladesh, to China, to Mexico. Ameri-cans should not have to compete with starvation wages and environmental destruction. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not know about 
you, but as Joshua of old said, as for me and my house, I am going to cast my lot with the working people of America. 
Today, we have an opportunity to do 
what is right and what is just. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. LEWIS. We can develop smart 
trade policies which reflect our values. Labor, human rights, and trade have always been connected. This is not new. This little planet is not ours to waste, but to use what we need and leave this little planet a little greener and a little more peaceful for genera-tions yet unborn. This Congress must be a headlight 
and not a taillight, or history will not be kind to us. 
I urge each and every Member of this 
Congress to do what is right. Stand up for the working people of our country. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), a leader on 
trade, a member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
It is difficult to overstate the impor-
tance of trade with other countries. The benefits of trade are huge and enormous for our economy. 
If you take all the trade agreements 
that we have with other countries around the world and you add them to-gether, we have a trade surplus. If you take the nontrade agreements with the countries we don’t have trade agree-ments with, we have a deficit. These agreements help us; they benefit us. 
There is no doubt that the U.S. has 
been on the sidelines in recent years. This gets us back in the game, making us create a healthier economy here at home, changing and making sure that our status as a global leader will be right back on top, higher-paying jobs, better-paying jobs. This is an oppor-tunity also to make sure the United States is setting the rules for our econ-omy, for the world economy, instead of China. 
Mr. Speaker, if you are for these 
things, you should be for this legisla-tion. Trade promotion authority allows these agreements to move forward with congressional oversight. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), a member of our 
committee. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman. 
I rise in strong opposition to the 
trade bill before us, and I am also in opposition to using 1 cent of Medicare money for anything other than paying for health care for senior citizens. 
I am not antitrade; I believe in trade, 
and I want a trade bill, but I want a trade bill that creates jobs and eco-nomic opportunity for the commu-
nities that I represent. I want a trade bill that creates fair wages and oppor-tunities for employment. 
I don’t want a bill that continues to 
help the rich get richer and the poor get poorer and the middle class get squeezed into oblivion, and I don’t want a fast track. As a matter of fact, the jobs in economic development have left the communities I represent fast enough. They don’t need our help, and they don’t need to be gone. We need jobs in America. 
I am going to vote against this. If I 
do and if it is the wrong vote, I am going to be voting with the people that I represent, the people who sent me here, the people who have said ‘‘rep-resent us.’’ They want a ‘‘no’’ vote. I vote ‘‘no’’ because I represent them. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. S
MITH), a leader on trade, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.011 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4266 June 12, 2015 
member of the Ways and Means Sub-
committee on Trade. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of the Trade Act of 2015. 
We have the opportunity to remove 
major trade barriers which make it harder to sell U.S. products to con-sumers in other countries. 
To grow our economy, we must ex-
pand our access to the 96 percent of consumers outside the United States. Nebraska’s producers—farmers, ranch-ers, and others—want to serve new markets, and this bill is an important step forward. 
A number of concerns have been 
raised, and I want to clarify a couple of points. Many Nebraskans are con-cerned about the President’s actions on a number of issues. To address these concerns, we need to actually pass this bill and establish more than 150 con-gressional parameters that the Presi-dent will be required to follow as trade negotiations take place. 
Some might be concerned that no one 
is allowed to read proposed trade agree-ments. We must pass this bill, actually, to ensure that every Member of this body has full access to negotiating text and any final agreement is publicly posted online for 60 days before the President can sign it. 
This bill also ensures we have an up- 
or-down vote on any trade agreement and contains new provisions allowing us to block agreements if the executive branch does not follow our rules. 
This bill is important; it is an impor-
tant step for opportunity and growth, and I ask for a ‘‘yea’’ vote. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), another valued 
member of our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
Democrats just left a very powerful presentation from the President of the United States to our Members, who simply ask that our Members play it straight: vote for things they believe in. 
For instance, 125 Democrats voted for 
Trade Adjustment Assistance to help workers displaced because of things in the global economy. We have a provi-sion before us today that is actually stronger than what 125 of us voted for before; yet there are some that are thinking, well, they may not vote for it. 
I have had ads run against me for 
cutting Medicare; yet I am going to ask to enter into the R
ECORD a letter 
from the American Hospital Associa-tion, the American Medical Associa-tion, American Health Care Associa-tion, and the National Association for Home Care & Hospice that point out there were no cuts to Medicare because of the changes that we are involved with making. 
Now, this is part of the problem we 
are having dealing with how to con-sider trade promotion authority. This is something that all of us should em-brace. It sets the rules for the adminis-tration to negotiate and how we will 
evaluate it. 
It will guarantee, as my friend from 
Nebraska just pointed out, everybody in America will have almost 5 full months to look at it before it is ever voted on. It contains the strongest en-vironmental and labor provisions of any trade provisions in history. 
That is what people talked to me 
about when they wanted NAFTA fixed. Trade promotion authority that we have here will do it. It is very impor-tant. I have not stopped working to im-prove this package. I have got things I want to change, work with the Senate, work in conference committee. 
If we ever get an agreement, then I 
will evaluate the TPP based on what is in it, not speculation, innuendo, and reckless charges. 
JUNE11, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND LEADER  
PELOSI : On behalf of our members, who in-
clude a broad spectrum of Medicare pro-viders, we are writing to share with you our appreciation for addressing the cuts to Medi-care that had been included in trade legisla-tion but will now be removed. We support the provisions in H.R. 1295, the ‘‘Trade Pref-erences Extension Act of 2015,’’ that remove this Medicare cut. 
This week, the House is considering several 
trade bills. Section 603 of H.R. 1295, which was passed by the House earlier today, would eliminate the Medicare sequester extension for the last six months in 2024, which would have cut $700 million from Medicare accord-ing to Congressional Budget Office esti-mates. This provision also would have re-sulted in a net effect of increasing the se-quester in 2024 beyond the 2 percent in the Budget Control Act. With the protection of Section 603, coupled with expeditious passage by the Senate of H.R. 1295 as amended, we would no longer view a vote in favor of the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) legisla-tion as a vote to cut Medicare. 
Hospitals, physicians, nursing homes and 
home health and hospice providers have al-ready absorbed hundreds of billions of dollars in cuts to the Medicare program in recent years. We believe that it is an unwise prece-dent to use Medicare cuts to pay for non- Medicare related legislation. We are grateful this is addressed favorably in Section 603. 
Sincerely, 
A
MERICAN HOSPITAL  
ASSOCIATION ; 
AMERICAN MEDICAL  
ASSOCIATION ; 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE 
ASSOCIATION ; 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR  
HOMECARE& HOSPICE . 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD), a new member of the Ways 
and Means Committee. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, we want to make sure 
that we are moving forward and pro-viding American leadership when it comes to trade. 
My friend from Oregon here just 
articulately noted some of the reasons why this needs to move forward. Lit-
erally one in three manufacturing jobs relies upon exports; 95 percent of the 
world’s consumers are outside of the United States. 
I want to make sure that we have got 
good, high-paying jobs right here at home. The way to do that is to be able to make sure that we are deciding what are the rules of the road when it comes to trade. 
The rules of the 21st century in the 
global economy are being written today, and the question is: Will the United States of America be there to be able to write these rules, to be part of the process? If we don’t, certainly China and others will, putting the United States and our businesses, our workers, at an enormous disadvantage. 
We want trade deals that are enforce-
able, accountable, and have high stand-ards. This is about creating good, high- paying American jobs. This is what we all want. Frankly, we have got an op-portunity to move forward. 
The 10th Congressional District is the 4th 
largest manufacturing district in the nation, with over 107,000 manufacturing employees. 
1 in 3 manufacturing jobs rely on exports. New opportunities for America’s small busi-
nesses. 
97% of U.S. companies that export are 
small and medium-sized businesses. 
The actual vote on any final trade agree-
ment is months away. I want to clear up con-fusion, because there are efforts by critics of trade to distort what TPA is. 
This is merely a vote on the process associ-
ated with moving forward on trade agree-ments—this is not the vote on any actual trade deal. That vote would not occur for months. 
TPA explicitly prevents the enactment of 
any trade deal without separate, subsequent approval by Congress. Nothing will be enacted without an additional up-or-down vote in Con-gress. 
TPA ensures that the American people will 
have an opportunity to read the actual text of any preliminary agreement that the President intends to enter into. 
Specifically, the President must publish the 
text online at least 60 days prior to signing off on anything. And even after that, Congress still gets an up-or-down vote on approval or rejection. So, there is unprecedented trans-parency here. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ), another member of our com-
mittee. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I will 
tell you what an innuendo is. It is say-ing that the jobs that we lose are going to be replaced by just as good or better jobs. 
Well, here is the record. Remember, 
you are giving assistance to workers who already lost their jobs. Wouldn’t it make sense logically to try to save the jobs in the first place? Or do we be-lieve, as President Bush said in Feb-ruary of 2004 in his economic report: Hey, if they make it cheaper overseas, we have got to do something else? That is a way out. That is innuendo. 
If you want to talk about inequality, 
the jobs we are losing in manufac-turing are paying over $600 a week, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.017 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4267 June 12, 2015 
the jobs that are being replaced pay 
$330. Who are we kidding here? Get to the facts. Get to the facts. 
Past trade deals have hurt the Amer-
ican worker. By the way, you placed this thing—those who are proponents of this legislation—that we are against trade. Nothing could be further from the truth. We want fair deals that help our workers. That is what this is all about. 
In my town, a textile business lost 
everything 40–50 years ago; 25,000–30,000 people were employed with that textile industry. We sat here in the Congress of the United States and watched these people lose their jobs. You are sure as heck they want the retail jobs. Do you know what they paid? 
Fast track and the underlying Trans- 
Pacific Partnership will continue the trend of corporations offshoring Amer-ican jobs, driving down wages; and now, we are going to be competing with the Vietnamese who pay maybe 60 cents an hour. That is the level. 
Everybody can’t be like us. We un-
derstand that. We are not against trade. We want it to be fair, and we want the American worker to be pro-tected. That is what this is all about. 
We had our fears confirmed when the 
President told us that China wanted to join the TPP. That is the icing on the cake, making a bad deal even worse. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I would like to remind my friend that 
globalization occurred long before any trade agreement. My dad lost his job, his steelworker job, years before NAFTA. In fact, we have a trade sur-plus, Mr. Speaker. 
We have a trade surplus with the 20 
countries that we have a trade agree-ment with, a deficit with the countries that we don’t. 
It is now my privilege to yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ), a member of 
the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
Trade Act of 2015. 
Ninety-five percent of the world’s 
market is outside the United States, and selling our goods to these markets is critical to America’s future pros-perity. One in five of American jobs are directly tied to trade. If we can’t knock down the tariffs that are placed on American goods around the world, the world is going to buy these goods elsewhere. Simply put, a strong trade agenda is essential to America’s na-tional security and the economic op-portunity of hard-working taxpayers. 
If you want a strong trade agreement 
with better protections for U.S. work-ers, you want trade promotion author-ity. TPA allows Congress to hold the administration accountable and gives Congress the chance to vote down a bad deal. Without it, we are negotiating from a disadvantage. If we are not set-ting the rules on global trade, China will. Mr. Speaker, trade promotion au-
thority means stronger, better trade agreements. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it be-cause what is happening right now is, if we don’t have an increasingly aggres-sive China in there setting the rules, the trade agreements give us the chances on things like labor, things like the environment, things like a fair and open Internet. Those are the kinds of things that are going to create fu-ture jobs and keep the world safer and better. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ ), another 
valued member of our committee. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against this misguided TPA bill. Many of my colleagues have highlighted the reasons to oppose the bill, but I want to focus on two specific fundamental issues, labor and civil rights. 
There is nothing in this that requires 
countries to bring their labor laws and regulations into compliance before this deal takes effect. How can we have an agreement that doesn’t require every-body to play by the same rules? That is just ridiculous. 
We need trade agreements that pro-
hibit signatory countries from mur-dering, jailing, torturing, or firing citi-zens for doing such outlandish things as trying to unionize and bargain for safer working conditions. 
Enforceable labor provisions tell 
trading partners that we mean business on labor rights before letting their goods into the U.S. Trade agreements should not continue a race to the bot-tom for workers. We should be setting the standards. 
I am frustrated that TPP negotia-
tions are nearly complete and we are just now giving the administration their marching orders, but here we are, and those marching orders should be clear, especially on labor rights. 
Additionally, in the Ways and Means 
markup for this legislation, I offered a commonsense amendment to address the issue of countries whose laws call for imprisonment, torture, and even death for the supposed crime of one’s sexual orientation. 
b1115 
I was baffled to watch every single 
Republican member on the committee vote to say that it is perfectly accept-able to do business with countries that have these laws. Perhaps it was naive of me to think that we could at least have one bright-line rule for the most basic of human rights—not to be put to death based on a person’s actual or per-ceived sexual orientation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. U.S. market access shouldn’t be a free pass. If you want to do business with the U.S., we shouldn’t tolerate 
such barbaric behavior. 
For these reasons, I urge my col-
leagues to oppose this legislation. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I now have 
the privilege to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R OS-
KAM), a member of the Ways and Means 
Committee and an important voice on trade. 
Mr. ROSKAM. I thank Chairman 
T
IBERI . 
Mr. Speaker, one of two things is 
going to happen: we are either going to lean forward and claim the best days of America, which are ahead of us, or we are going to recede from those. The choice is here and the choice is today, and I urge us to move forward because I truly believe, if we pursue an aggres-sive trade agenda and if the United States leads on that trade agenda, I think good things are going to happen. 
There is another part of this story, 
Mr. Speaker, as we have an oppor-tunity to make history today as well. Included in the TPA is bipartisan legis-lation that I authored to shield Israel from being the victim of the insidious boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement that is brewing within Eu-rope. This would be the first time in nearly four decades that Congress has taken action to combat boycotts against Israel. 
Just last week, we saw a telecom 
giant, Orange, which is a company par-tially owned by the French Govern-ment, recede back from doing business in Israel and so forth based on BDS pressure. The language I offered that was unanimously adopted is simple: If you want to trade with the United States, you can’t boycott Israel. 
I want to thank Chairman R
YANand 
Chairman T IBERI for their leadership 
and Representative V ARGAS and Sen-
ators P ORTMAN and C ARDIN for working 
with me on these important issues. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
stand as tall and as boldly as I can for the American worker. Almost 10 mil-lion Americans are unemployed; mid-dle class income wages have been stag-nant for decades; almost every low- wage job that could have moved over-seas has moved overseas. We have to do 
something different—something smart, honest, brave, bold, and based on the almost unanimous consensus of Amer-ican economists. 
We need to tear down the trade bar-
riers of other countries so that they will buy our goods and services. We need to establish much stronger labor and environmental laws overseas. We need to bring the rule of law to those countries so that investors will build new plants and equipment, and we need much stronger intellectual property protections around the world. We have to take globalization head on. We can-not isolate ourselves. No economy can grow from within. We tried protec-tionism, and we got the Great Reces-sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.019 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4268 June 12, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I stand for the Amer-
ican worker, and I support the Obama administration’s commitment to free trade and to lifting the American mid-dle class. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), a leader on trade, a leader 
on the Trade Subcommittee, a past chairman of the Trade Subcommittee, and a leader on the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. I thank Chair-
man T
IBERI for his leadership on trade 
and American success. 
Mr. Speaker, who has the power? 
This is the question. When your family or your business wants to buy a prod-uct, who decides what you can buy and at what price? Is it you, or is it special interests or union bosses or the govern-ment? If you build a better product or come up with a new idea, who has the power to decide where you can sell it around the world? Is it you, or is it spe-cial interests and government and, again, the union? 
American trade is about giving you 
the power and you the freedom to buy and sell and compete around the world with as little government interference as possible. It is not enough to just buy American. We want to sell our Amer-ican products around the world. When we do, we win. When we say to coun-tries, ‘‘You are selling into the U.S., and we insist we sell into your coun-try,’’ we win and we create jobs. When we don’t, America grows weaker, and our foreign competitors grow stronger. Our manufacturers and our farmers and our local businesses get priced out and shut down. 
American trade is about our jobs and 
our prosperity. This bill sets the rules for trade so that, with these agree-ments, everyone benefits; everyone plays by the rules; everyone has the same opportunity. I am voting ‘‘yes’’ for more American jobs and more American economic opportunity and for less government control of our trade. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), a longtime veteran of 
this Congress. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank our distin-
guished ranking member, Mr. L EVIN of 
Michigan. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to this limited fast-track trade de-bate. 
Proponents of TPA are trying to lure 
votes for this Pacific deal by cynically adding $700 million to trade adjustment assistance to take care of millions more people who are going to lose their jobs as billions and billions more of our productive wealth is outsourced to other countries. What a fig leaf. It is too little for the damage about to be done. 
The eyes of working families in com-
munities across our country are fo-cused on Congress today, hoping we will finally stand up and do what is right for America. This latest job out-sourcing trade deal serves only the 1 
percent, rewarding the few at the ex-pense of the many. It is a great deal for Wall Street, and it is a great deal for transnational corporations. But for Main Street, a shrinking middle class, and millions more of our workers, it is another punch to the gut. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, this week’s scenario re-
minds me of the NAFTA fight. To pick up wavering Members back then, a deal was cut even to protect the corn broom industry, but in this deal, we don’t pro-tect people. In this deal, there is no protection against human trafficking. That has been stripped out. So we have protections for corn brooms but not for people. 
In return for securing votes for nar-
row interests to gain a majority for passage, a few thousand people may benefit handsomely from these little provisions, but America won’t. We will continue to rack up massive trade and job deficits as world markets remain closed to us, as they have for four dec-ades. State-run enterprises will con-
tinue to eat more of our lunch. And for America’s working class, millions more of whom will be left out in the cold, the TPP will be a truly pathetic package. I urge ‘‘no,’’ ‘‘no,’’ ‘‘no’’ votes this after-noon. Stand up for America’s workers for a change. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I have great respect for my colleague 
from Ohio, but let me just give you a few facts. 
Of the 20 countries with which we 
have trade agreements, we have a trade surplus. With the countries with which we don’t, we have a trade deficit. It speaks for itself. In Ohio, 89 percent of our exporters are small- and medium- sized companies with fewer than 500 people. With respect to TAA, I must say that most of these trading dollars are spent at community colleges, at technical colleges, and they use that money to train workers and to upgrade skills for a 21st century economy. 
I wish my dad, who had lost his man-
ufacturing job way before NAFTA and who had lost his steelworker job way before any bilateral trade agreement for globalization, had had TAA to help him get a new job. 
As the President said, in reality, a 
vote against this TAA bill will be a vote to actually cut funding for com-munity college. As the President said yesterday, a ‘‘no’’ vote could poten-tially kill TAA forever. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from Washington State (Mr. R
EICHERT ), a distinguished mem-
ber of the Ways and Means Committee and Trade Subcommittee and a leader on trade issues. 
Mr. REICHERT. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, today, Americans find 
themselves asking this question over and over again: Are things ever going 
to get better for America? The only an-swer has to be ‘‘yes.’’ Today, we begin that process. Today, it is time for ac-tion. Today, we vote on trade legisla-tion that is absolutely critical for America’s future. Today, we send a message to the world—across this globe—a strong message that we are America, that we are strong, that we are free, and that we are united. 
A ‘‘yes’’ vote today on TPA and TAA 
is a vote for a healthy economy. It is a vote for creating jobs. It is a vote for higher wages. It is a vote for selling America. That is the message we are going to send across this globe today. America is back, and we are going to be strong in this world economy. 
Hard-working taxpayers deserve a 
government that gives the citizens of this country freedom, choice, and con-trol to pursue their futures. Every American deserves this—to build one’s own business, to hire employees, to seek promotions, and to provide for one’s family. Mr. Speaker, it is what real leaders will deliver today. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. A
SHFORD ). 
Mr. ASHFORD. I thank the ranking 
member. 
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that this is a 
vote for the ages. My constituents in Nebraska are asking me: ‘‘B
RAD, can 
we govern? Can we come together? Can we move this country forward?’’ What we do here today will determine how we do move forward as a nation. What kind of country do we leave our chil-dren? 
In my view, Mr. Speaker, we are at 
our best when we reach for the Moon. This, in my view, is one of those mo-ments. This is a vote for better jobs, a stronger economy for American work-ers and for American exceptionalism. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that this is a vote for the ages. Please support TAA and TPP and TPA to make life better for all Americans. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), a leader on 
trade, a leader on the Ways and Means Committee, and a leader for Louisiana. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, after 1945, the U.S. set 
up a global trading system, and coun-tries around the world are taking ad-vantage of it. The world is not sitting still. Hundreds of trade agreements exist, but we only have 20 with which we have a trade surplus, and we are sit-ting on the sidelines, standing still. It is just unacceptable. 
American leadership is needed. If we 
are going to grow this economy, if we are going to create good-paying jobs for workers and farmers, we need to open markets, as 95 percent of the mar-kets are outside the U.S. Let’s open those markets. Let’s be fair to our American workers and farmers. Let’s give them market access. TPA is the catalyst to opening those markets and for growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.020 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4269 June 12, 2015 
The world is crying for American 
leadership. I am afraid American pres-tige is on the line right now. It is wan-ing. Countries around the world are watching us to see how we vote on this today. We have the opportunity to show that America will lead the global trading system we created. I think, if we don’t do this, we have dealt a seri-ous blow to American leadership. It is a catalyst for American leadership. Let’s pass TPA. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, would you 
tell us how much time remains. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Ohio has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I have the 
honor of yielding 1 minute to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, time and again, we are 
promised trade deals create oppor-tunity. Time and again, instead, they send jobs abroad. In the first 7 years of NAFTA, New York City’s textile and apparel industry shed 7,900 jobs. In total, fast-track trade policies have cost the U.S. more than 1 million jobs. New York lost more than 374,000 manu-facturing jobs since NAFTA and the World Trade Organization agreements. 
Why would the Trans-Pacific Part-
nership be different? If that deal is ap-proved, the U.S. will lose more than 130,000 jobs to just 2 of the 12 TPP members—Japan and Vietnam. New York already ran a $47 billion trade deficit last year. This agreement will make the situation worse. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 20 seconds. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. When I go home to 
New York, I don’t hear people telling me we need to rush into another trade deal. The only people pushing fast track are lobbyists and big corpora-tions. They are not whom I represent. I would rather stand with New York’s working families who oppose fast track. Vote ‘‘no.’’ 
b1130 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM), a leader on 
the Committee on Ways and Means, a leader on trade. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, South Da-
kota tells the true story of what the benefits of trade can bring. When we have a trade agreement with another country, we sell 11
1⁄2times more goods 
to that country than if there were no agreement in place. 
Trade has been and continues to be 
an important part of the American economy, but we cannot afford to fall behind. We have to continue to expand opportunities to export American- made products to these countries, but first we have to set the rules of the road. The Constitution allows the Presi-
dent to negotiate trade agreements, but only Congress can approve or dis-approve them. What we are voting on today ensures that Congress sets the priorities and the rules that the Presi-dent has to follow. It allows an open and transparent process where the pub-lic can view any potential trade deal for 60 days before it is sent to Congress. If the President doesn’t follow our rules, we can take TPA away; or if we don’t like future trade deals, we can simply vote them down. But we need to assert the power of Congress in the process and ensure that the public gets to weigh in down the road. That is what we are doing here today. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. America is counting on it. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my friend for yield-ing. 
Over the past 2 years, I have been a 
part of efforts, good-faith efforts, to write the strongest possible fast-track bill. But the process the legislation has gone through recently, with Ways and Means Democrats denied every oppor-tunity to improve the legislation in committee, while Republicans were ac-commodated in the Customs bill with anti-immigrant, anti-environmental provisions, has moved the bill in pre-cisely the wrong direction from what might have gained my support. There-fore, I plan to vote against TPA today. 
But I strongly oppose the devious and 
reckless efforts to bring down TPA by trying to defeat the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act. TAA is a good bill which reflects longstanding Demo-cratic priorities, and the objectionable Medicare offset that it contained has been removed. TAA has been critically important in North Carolina. I refuse to put displaced workers at risk for the sake of a political tactic. 
I urge my colleagues, play it 
straight. Support TAA whether or not you support TPA. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH), a new member of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in support of TPA because trade is too important to southeast and southern Missouri to leave in the hands of this President or any President. TPA would bring more transparency and involvement to the negotiation process and gives Congress more au-thority over the President. 
Without TPA, the President can keep 
Congress and the public in the dark on trade negotiations. Without TPA, the President alone sets the negotiating objectives; without TPA, Members of Congress are not entitled to read the text of negotiating documents during the process; and without TPA, the President does not have to publish up-dated summaries of trade bills during the negotiations. However, with TPA, Members of Con-
gress can be involved in the negotia-tion process to get the best deal for our folks back home. With TPA, for the first time ever, all bills negotiated would have to be public for 60 days be-fore Congress votes on them; with TPA, Congress directs the negotiating objectives for trade bills; and with TPA, Members of Congress will have open access to the text anytime they want. 
Mr. Speaker, we need TPA so that 
American trade deals can be trans-parent, effective, and enforceable. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN). 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the 
proponents of this bill have not played it straight as far as legislative proce-dure. They took a Senate bill that should be a ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ vote on this floor and split it up into two or three pieces. It is one package. If you are against fast track, vote ‘‘no’’ on TAA. 
It is not the opponents who came up 
with this crazy procedure. If they had played it straight, we could play it straight. But now we are in a position to use the legislative tactics afforded by this House, pursuant to a rule that is complicated beyond belief, to sink this whole package by voting ‘‘no’’ on TAA. Vote ‘‘no’’ on Trade Adjustment Assistance because, if that happens, Republican leadership has said we go home. 
What is the good of having a little bit 
of trade adjustment assistance if we lose millions of jobs because we put them on a fast track to Asia? Take Nancy Reagan seriously; when it comes to all three votes today, just vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. TIBERI. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). 
Mr. CUELLAR. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, President John F. Ken-
nedy once said: ‘‘The U.S. did not rise to greatness waiting for others to lead. Economic isolation and political lead-ership are wholly incompatible.’’ 
This is the moment for the United 
States to lead. I am voting ‘‘yes’’ on the trade bills that we have today. Trade is good for the United States: 95 percent of all consumers are outside the United States. Trade is good for Texas: last year we had over $289 bil-lion of goods exported from Texas; 1.1 million jobs were created in Texas; millions of other jobs were created in the United States. 
Now, who are those small companies? 
Who are those companies exporting? Ninety-three percent of those compa-nies in Texas are small- and medium- sized, so therefore this is how we create good jobs here in the United States. 
Ladies and gentlemen, let’s support 
fair trade. Again, I ask you to support the trade bill today. 
Mr. TIBERI. I continue to reserve the 
balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.022 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4270 June 12, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. How much time do I have 
remaining, please? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 33⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, the de-
bate today is about one issue; it comes down to one question: Do we support hard-working Americans or do we abandon them? A vote for these bills is a vote against jobs, and it is a vote against wages. 
The Trade Adjustment Assistance 
bill is underfunded. It excludes teach-ers, police officers, firefighters, and farmers who are hurt when production jobs are shipped abroad, go overseas. If we want to protect working families, we must stop fast-tracking bad trade deals. 
Fast track denies public scrutiny, it 
denies debate in this House, and it re-linquishes our congressional authority and does not allow us to amend a piece of legislation that will have such an ef-fect on people’s lives in this country. 
Why is this trade agreement in so 
much difficulty? Why? Because this is the first time that a majority of the Congress is starting to say: We need to prioritize what is happening to the hard-working men and women in our country. What is happening to their lives? What is their struggle? 
This trade agreement is only going to 
hurt their ability to have a job and to increase their wages. If we want to change that, then our job today is to vote down this bill. 
Say ‘‘no’’ to Trade Adjustment As-
sistance and say ‘‘no’’ to fast track. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, before I 
yield to the gentleman from Kentucky, 
I just want to point out the record here. No public service worker has ever been certified for TAA under the 2009 stimulus TAA that was passed. I will also reiterate a statement from the White House with respect to TAA, Mr. Speaker: 
If you’re a Member of Congress and you 
vote against TAA this week, you are signing the death certificate for this assistance. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. B
ARR). 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman for the opportunity to speak in favor of this important legislation for jobs, our economy, transparency, and accountability. 
Free trade is critical for my constitu-
ents in central and eastern Kentucky. More than half a million Kentucky jobs are related to international trade, and expanding trade agreements will pro-vide even more opportunities for job growth. Our State has a diverse econ-omy that is synonymous with certain products, including coal, bourbon, and thoroughbred racehorses. We are a powerhouse of manufacturing, pro-ducing vehicles such as the Toyota Camry and even aerospace technology, which is the State’s leading export cat-egory. To continue the growth in these sig-
nature industries, we need to establish fair and strong rules that hold other nations accountable for their unfair trade practices. We need to tear down barriers that block Kentucky goods from foreign markets. 
What does free trade mean for Ken-
tucky? In 2013, 2 years after our last free trade agreement was completed, the car of the year in South Korea was the Toyota Camry, manufactured in my district in Kentucky. 
Let’s be clear: The President already 
has the authority under the Constitu-tion to negotiate trade agreements, but by passing TPA, we will ensure that Congress has the input into the final product and that America will shape the rules of global trade, not China. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
balance of my time to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). 
Mr. POCAN. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I grew up in an auto 
town, where almost everyone had a family member who worked in the in-dustry, but today there are no cars made there anymore. To me, trade deals should be about whether or not we will fight for American jobs and American workers’ wages. Bad trade deals cost us both. Unless we have a say, unless the American people have a say, this trade deal will do exactly the same and cost us more jobs. 
I have read the text, and I know 
where we are at with it as of now. I would like to see a deal that has better real protective teeth for labor and en-vironmental law, strong protections for American sovereignty, and better pro-tections for food safety and more. Bot-tom line: I want a trade deal that pro-tects American jobs and lifts our wages right here at home. 
If we vote for TPA, we will have no 
ability to make it better. For this trade deal or any other trade deal in the next 6 years under any President, if we want the American people to have a voice, a real voice, we must retain our authority to impact trade deals and vote against TPA in all votes that af-fect it today. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, let me set 
the record straight. All three bills that we are voting on today can be read. This is TPA. This is the bill that will hold the President accountable—this President, the next President. This is the bill that tells the administration what we expect. This is the bill that Congress inserts itself into to the President’s negotiating. 
Listen, ladies and gentlemen, the 
world is trading. The world is globalized. The world was globalized long before America decided to pass NAFTA—long before. And, in fact, NAFTA, in 1993, the year before NAFTA took effect, the U.S. had a steel trade deficit of 3 million net tons with Canada and Mexico. In 2014, the most recent year for which data is available, the U.S. had a steel trade 
surplus of 1.2 million net tons with Canada and Mexico. NAFTA has bene-fited the entire North American steel industry. Total U.S.-Canada steel trade has increased 99 percent from 1993 to 2014. Total U.S.-Mexico steel trade has increased 352 percent between 1993 and 2014. That is why the steel industry in America supports this bill along with the enforcement that we are going to debate in a little bit. 
In Ohio, Honda of America is a net 
exporter—is a net exporter. This is about jobs. This is about allowing those people, those workers, some of my constituents at East Liberty or in Marysville, to build more cars in Ohio, to send them overseas. The only way we do that is to break down barriers— more jobs. 
Listen, I get job loss. My dad lost his 
job of 25 years. Ladies and gentlemen, we need to pass TPA to increase the number of jobs. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, today’s 
vote on the trade package that includes trade adjustment assistance and trade promotion authority, also known as fast track, represents a flawed and hurried process to expedite the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement that is almost at the finish line. We should not vote for a TPA that fails to include strong and enforceable negotiating objectives on currency manipulation, labor rights and does not ad-dress the investor state dispute settlement system, which could see corporations chal-lenge government regulations in secret tribu-nals that leave taxpayers on the hook for the bill. 
I also strongly oppose using trade adjust-
ment assistance as a bargaining chip to help pass a flawed TPA. I support providing assist-ance to workers displaced by trade but this bill should stand on its own merits and be im-proved on behalf of all workers before it is rushed through for a final vote. We must go back to strengthen TAA and TPA before mov-ing forward on any future trade agreement that will have wide-ranging consequences for America’s working class. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to H.R. 1314, which allows for fast track Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) for trade agreements entered into prior to July 1, 2021, including the prospective Trans Pa-cific Partnership (TPP) and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (T–TIP). Past trade agreements have outsourced American jobs and caused irreparable harm to our domestic manufacturing base. I believe that TPP, T–TIP, and other potential future agreements will be no different. 
Throughout my career, I have voted against 
unfair trade agreements. I voted against the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which was sold on the promise of creating 200,000 American jobs. After enact-ment, the Economic Policy Institute (EPI) esti-mates that America lost 682,900 jobs, pri-marily in the manufacturing sector. I voted against the Korea Free Trade Agreement, which was sold on the promise of creating 70,000 American jobs. After enactment, again the EPI estimates that America lost 60,000 jobs. The future trade agreements we are dis-cussing today are being sold on the promise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.025 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4271 June 12, 2015 
of creating more American jobs. That argu-
ment may continue to work for some. But I am not buying it. 
There has been a bipartisan failure, admin-
istration after administration, to address the ef-fects of unfair trade on domestic manufactur-ers. Democrat and Republican administrations have been wrong to support irresponsible trade agreements in the past that have exac-erbated the problems faced by American workers. President Obama is wrong in this in-stance. Congress should instead support trade agreements that substantially improve our ex-isting trade laws and enhance our ability to enforce them in a timely fashion. We should only support trade agreements that include strong enforcement procedures, address cur-rency manipulation, provide environmental protections, and protect American manufactur-
ers from competing unfairly with exploited for-eign workers. It is wrong to expect American workers to compete against state-owned en-terprises that have unlimited government re-sources and violate our free market trade laws. 
American manufacturing and the steel in-
dustry are struggling every day to keep their footing in the fight against unfair trade. Earlier this year, I co-chaired a Congressional Steel Caucus hearing where industry and labor rep-resentatives unanimously agreed that Amer-ica’s steel sector is being systematically tar-geted by trading partners that use the U.S. market as their dumping ground. 
Just this month, six American steel pro-
ducers, including two producers with facilities in my district, filed anti-dumping and counter-vailing duty petitions against foreign countries engaged in illegal trade practices. While I am pleased that American steel producers are taking action to hold these countries account-able, I am concerned that this case will not stop the ongoing trend of countries dumping their products into U.S. markets. I have fre-quently testified in front of the International Trade Commission (ITC), and was pleased that in 2009 the ITC ruled against China in an Oil Country Tubular Goods case. However, last year I testified again in a similar case in-volving these same products. After duties were imposed on China in 2009, other coun-tries, such as Vietnam, Thailand, Turkey, and South Korea, started dumping the same prod-uct on our shores. This is a dangerous trend and Congress and the Administration must stop such practices from continuing. 
I am encouraged that the House has taken 
some action to address unfair trade practices by including provisions in the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 that would strengthen our antidumping and coun-tervailing duty laws. But while these provisions are a step in the right direction, they are not enough. 
TPA does not include strong, enforceable 
currency reforms, and instead allows the Ad-ministration, without any clear guidelines, to determine how best to address currency ma-nipulators. TPA does nothing to ensure that strong environmental protections will be in-cluded in future trade agreements. TPA does not crack down on worker exploitation or lay out a roadmap to ensure countries included in future trade agreements are in compliance with international labor and human rights standards. Such economic inhibitors should be rejected. Instead, we should focus on invest-ing in and encouraging vigorous domestic manufacturing. Mr. Speaker, steel is the economic back-
bone of the First Congressional District of Indi-ana, the foundation of our manufacturing base, and an essential element of our national defense. I am proud to represent the workers who make this steel every single day. Today, I ask that my colleagues stand up for Amer-ican workers and oppose H.R. 1314. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposi-
tion to the Trade Act of 2015 (H.R. 1314), which would ‘‘fast-track’’ trade agreements, such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), by allowing them to pass Congress by a straight up or down vote without any possibility of amendment. 
Ever since NAFTA in 1993, these so-called 
free trade agreements have all been sold to the American people on the same propa-ganda; that they will boost exports and in-crease jobs. Yet the results have always been the same. Although we might increase exports somewhat, one of our biggest exports has been American jobs. Any claims to the con-trary are not worth the paper they are written on. 
For starters, these are not really free trade 
agreements. A true free trade agreement would consist of no more than a few pages simply listing the dates on which tariffs for var-ious commodities would be eliminated. In fact, these agreements consist of thousands of pages of negotiated provisions, which history demonstrates have benefited multi-national companies while destroying millions of Amer-ican jobs and depressing American wage lev-els. Without adequate labor, environmental and human rights standards, our trading part-ners can and do pay their workers 30 cents per hour, make their goods cheaper by dump-ing waste products in the river, and murder workers who try to join a union. No wonder factories in the United States close and move abroad. No wonder our balance of trade be-comes calamitous. 
We are always told that the next trade 
agreement will have better protections, but that has never been the case. None of the so- called protections have been enforceable or enforced. So it is particularly troubling that the text of the TPP is still classified. Members of Congress can look at it, but cannot take notes, cannot make copies, and cannot talk about what they have seen. What are they afraid people might discover? If it is true that the TPP includes enforceable provisions related to labor and environmental standards, why not make it public? Why not share what is sup-posedly so critical in this trade agreement with the American people? 
The fact that the TPP is secret is obnoxious. 
Most of what we know about it has come from leaks that indicate that the TPP, just like its predecessors, will simply help multi-national corporations and further impoverish the lower and middle classes here at home. 
For example, the TPP includes a chapter on 
Investment-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) that would allow multi-national corporations to sue state and local governments, or the Fed-eral government, in private tribunals by alleg-ing that American laws or regulations limit their profits. Companies like Phillip Morris could sue for compensation for loss of sales because of cigarette labeling laws. Companies could sue to void enforcement of minimum wage, or factory, safety or consumer laws. 
According to the USTR, the TPP will also in-
clude new rules to ‘‘ensure fair competition be-tween state-owned enterprises (SOEs) and 
private companies.’’ This could lead to privat-ization of a variety of public services. And just this week, the House voted to repeal our Country of Origin Labeling law after the WTO ruled that it discriminated against Canada and Mexico, raising even more questions about the consequences of these trade agreements on the sovereignty of our nation. 
These questions are only the tip of the ice-
berg, and highlight the need for an open and honest review of the TPP rather than blindly facilitating its passage. The Constitution grants Congress the power to regulate foreign com-merce. We must not cede that authority to the Executive Branch and abdicate our responsi-bility to protect the public interest. If the TPP is as beneficial as its supporters have claimed, it should be able to withstand scrutiny in the light of day and a full debate in Congress. 
But we don’t have to rely on leaks about the 
TPP to justify voting against the bills on the floor today. A host of provisions that have been added to the Trade Enforcement bill (H.R. 644) in order to gain support for this bill are egregious, such as prohibiting negotiations to address climate change, weakening lan-guage to combat human trafficking, and re-moving language to address currency manipu-lation. 
This bill is dangerous and destructive. I urge 
my colleagues to vote No. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, 
further consideration of the motion to concur is postponed. 
f 
b1145 
AMERICA GIVES MORE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to House Resolution 305, I call up the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable de-duction for contributions of food inven-tory, with the Senate amendments thereto, and ask for its immediate con-sideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ments. 
Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 101. Improving partnership programs. 
Sec. 102. Report on effectiveness of trade en-
forcement activities. 
Sec. 103. Priorities and performance standards 
for customs modernization, trade facilitation, and trade enforce-ment functions and programs. 
Sec. 104. Educational seminars to improve ef-
forts to classify and appraise im-ported articles, to improve trade enforcement efforts, and to other-wise facilitate legitimate inter-national trade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.015 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4272 June 12, 2015 
Sec. 105. Joint strategic plan. 
Sec. 106. Automated Commercial Environment. Sec. 107. International Trade Data System. Sec. 108. Consultations with respect to mutual 
recognition arrangements. 
Sec. 109. Commercial Customs Operations Advi-
sory Committee. 
Sec. 110. Centers of Excellence and Expertise. Sec. 111. Commercial Targeting Division and 
National Targeting and Analysis Groups. 
Sec. 112. Report on oversight of revenue protec-
tion and enforcement measures. 
Sec. 113. Report on security and revenue meas-
ures with respect to merchandise transported in bond. 
Sec. 114. Importer of record program. Sec. 115. Establishment of new importer pro-
gram. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
Sec. 201. Interagency import safety working 
group. 
Sec. 202. Joint import safety rapid response 
plan. 
Sec. 203. Training. 
TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTECTION 
OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
Sec. 301. Definition of intellectual property 
rights. 
Sec. 302. Exchange of information related to 
trade enforcement. 
Sec. 303. Seizure of circumvention devices. Sec. 304. Enforcement by U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection of works for which copyright registration is pending. 
Sec. 305. National Intellectual Property Rights 
Coordination Center. 
Sec. 306. Joint strategic plan for the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 307. Personnel dedicated to the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 308. Training with respect to the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 309. International cooperation and infor-
mation sharing. 
Sec. 310. Report on intellectual property rights 
enforcement. 
Sec. 311. Information for travelers regarding 
violations of intellectual property rights. 
TITLE IV—EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND 
COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Procedures for investigating claims of 
evasion of antidumping and coun-tervailing duty orders. 
Sec. 403. Annual report on prevention and in-
vestigation of evasion of anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders. 
TITLE V—AMENDMENTS TO ANTIDUMPING 
AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
Sec. 501. Consequences of failure to cooperate 
with a request for information in a proceeding. 
Sec. 502. Definition of material injury. Sec. 503. Particular market situation. Sec. 504. Distortion of prices or costs. Sec. 505. Reduction in burden on Department of 
Commerce by reducing the number of voluntary respondents. 
Sec. 506. Application to Canada and Mexico. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL TRADE ENFORCE-
MENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS PROTECTION 
Subtitle A—Trade Enforcement 
Sec. 601. Trade enforcement priorities. 
Sec. 602. Exercise of WTO authorization to sus-
pend concessions or other obliga-tions under trade agreements. 
Sec. 603. Trade monitoring. Sec. 604. Establishment of Interagency Trade 
Enforcement Center. 
Sec. 605. Establishment of Chief Manufacturing 
Negotiator. 
Sec. 606. Enforcement under title III of the 
Trade Act of 1974 with respect to certain acts, policies, and prac-tices relating to the environment. 
Sec. 607. Trade Enforcement Trust Fund. 
Sec. 608. Honey transshipment. Sec. 609. Inclusion of interest in certain dis-
tributions of antidumping duties and countervailing duties. 
Sec. 610. Illicitly imported, exported, or traf-
ficked cultural property, archae-ological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife, and plants. 
Subtitle B—Intellectual Property Rights 
Protection 
Sec. 611. Establishment of Chief Innovation and 
Intellectual Property Negotiator. 
Sec. 612. Measures relating to countries that 
deny adequate protection for in-tellectual property rights. 
TITLE VII—CURRENCY MANIPULATION 
Subtitle A—Investigation of Currency 
Undervaluation 
Sec. 701. Short title. 
Sec. 702. Investigation or review of currency 
undervaluation under counter-vailing duty law. 
Sec. 703. Benefit calculation methodology with 
respect to currency undervalu-ation. 
Sec. 704. Modification of definition of speci-
ficity with respect to export sub-sidy. 
Sec. 705. Application to Canada and Mexico. Sec. 706. Effective date. 
Subtitle B—Engagement on Currency Exchange 
Rate and Economic Policies 
Sec. 711. Enhancement of engagement on cur-
rency exchange rate and economic policies with certain major trad-ing partners of the United States. 
Sec. 712. Advisory Committee on International 
Exchange Rate Policy. 
TITLE VIII—PROCESS FOR CONSIDER-
ATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY SUSPEN-SIONS AND REDUCTIONS 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Sec. 802. Sense of Congress on the need for a 
miscellaneous tariff bill. 
Sec. 803. Process for consideration of duty sus-
pensions and reductions. 
Sec. 804. Report on effects of duty suspensions 
and reductions on United States economy. 
Sec. 805. Judicial review precluded. Sec. 806. Definitions. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 901. De minimis value. 
Sec. 902. Consultation on trade and customs 
revenue functions. 
Sec. 903. Penalties for customs brokers. Sec. 904. Amendments to chapter 98 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
Sec. 905. Exemption from duty of residue of 
bulk cargo contained in instru-ments of international traffic pre-viously exported from the United States. 
Sec. 906. Drawback and refunds. Sec. 907. Inclusion of certain information in 
submission of nomination for ap-pointment as Deputy United States Trade Representative. 
Sec. 908. Biennial reports regarding competi-
tiveness issues facing the United States economy and competitive conditions for certain key United States industries. 
Sec. 909. Report on certain U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection agreements. Sec. 910. Charter flights. 
Sec. 911. Amendment to Tariff Act of 1930 to re-
quire country of origin marking of certain castings. 
Sec. 912. Elimination of consumptive demand 
exception to prohibition on impor-tation of goods made with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor; report. 
Sec. 913. Improved collection and use of labor 
market information. 
Sec. 914. Statements of policy with respect to 
Israel. 
TITLE X—OFFSETS 
Sec. 1001. Revocation or denial of passport in 
case of certain unpaid taxes. 
Sec. 1002. Customs user fees. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
UTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRONMENT .— 
The term ‘‘Automated Commercial Environ-ment’’ means the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment computer system authorized under sec-tion 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)). 
(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ 
means the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(3) C
USTOMS AND TRADE LAWS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘customs and trade laws of 
the United States’’ includes the following: 
(A) The Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1202 et 
seq.). 
(B) Section 249 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 3). 
(C) Section 2 of the Act of March 4, 1923 (42 
Stat. 1453, chapter 251; 19 U.S.C. 6). 
(D) The Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, 
chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.). 
(E) Section 13031 of the Consolidated Omnibus 
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c). 
(F) Section 251 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 66). 
(G) Section 1 of the Act of June 26, 1930 (46 
Stat. 817, chapter 617; 19 U.S.C. 68). 
(H) The Foreign Trade Zones Act (19 U.S.C. 
81a et seq.). 
(I) Section 1 of the Act of March 2, 1911 (36 
Stat. 965, chapter 191; 19 U.S.C. 198). 
(J) The Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2102 et 
seq.). 
(K) The Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 
U.S.C. 2501 et seq.). 
(L) The North American Free Trade Agree-
ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). 
(M) The Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 
U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
(N) The Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery 
Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(O) The Andean Trade Preference Act (19 
U.S.C. 3201 et seq.). 
(P) The African Growth and Opportunity Act 
(19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
(Q) The Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 
(Public Law 99–570; 100 Stat. 3207–79). 
(R) The Customs and Trade Act of 1990 (Pub-
lic Law 101–382; 104 Stat. 629). 
(S) The Customs Procedural Reform and Sim-
plification Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–410; 92 Stat. 888). 
(T) The Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107– 
210; 116 Stat. 933). 
(U) The Convention on Cultural Property Im-
plementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.). 
(V) The Act of March 28, 1928 (45 Stat. 374, 
chapter 266; 19 U.S.C. 2077 et seq.). 
(W) The Act of August 7, 1939 (53 Stat. 1263, 
chapter 566). 
(X) Any other provision of law implementing 
a trade agreement. 
(Y) Any other provision of law vesting cus-
toms revenue functions in the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(Z) Any other provision of law relating to 
trade facilitation or trade enforcement that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4273 June 12, 2015 
administered by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-
tection on behalf of any Federal agency that is required to participate in the International Trade Data System. 
(AA) Any other provision of customs or trade 
law administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. 
(4) P
RIVATE SECTOR ENTITY .—The term ‘‘pri-
vate sector entity’’ means— 
(A) an importer; (B) an exporter; (C) a forwarder; 
(D) an air, sea, or land carrier or shipper; (E) a contract logistics provider; (F) a customs broker; or (G) any other person (other than an employee 
of a government) affected by the implementation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(5) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT .—The term ‘‘trade 
enforcement’’ means the enforcement of the cus-toms and trade laws of the United States. 
(6) T
RADE FACILITATION .—The term ‘‘trade fa-
cilitation’’ refers to policies and activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to facilitating the movement of merchan-dise into and out of the United States in a man-ner that complies with the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 101. IMPROVING PARTNERSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to advance the se-
curity, trade enforcement, and trade facilitation missions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Commissioner shall ensure that partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection established before the date of the enactment of this Act, such as the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism established under subtitle B of title II of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), and partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection established after such date of en-actment, provide trade benefits to private sector entities that meet the requirements for participa-tion in those programs established by the Com-missioner under this section. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In developing and operating 
partnership programs under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall— 
(1) consult with private sector entities, the 
public, and other Federal agencies when appro-priate, to ensure that participants in those pro-grams receive commercially significant and measurable trade benefits, including providing preclearance of merchandise for qualified per-sons that demonstrate the highest levels of com-pliance with the customs and trade laws of the United States, regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other requirements the Commissioner determines to be necessary; 
(2) ensure an integrated and transparent sys-
tem of trade benefits and compliance require-ments for all partnership programs of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection; 
(3) consider consolidating partnership pro-
grams in situations in which doing so would support the objectives of such programs, in-crease participation in such programs, enhance the trade benefits provided to participants in such programs, and enhance the allocation of the resources of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; 
(4) coordinate with the Director of U.S. Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement, and other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise entering the United States— 
(A) to ensure coordination in the release of 
such merchandise through the Automated Com-mercial Environment, or its predecessor, and the International Trade Data System; 
(B) to ensure that the partnership programs of 
those agencies are compatible with the partner-ship programs of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; (C) to develop criteria for authorizing the re-
lease, on an expedited basis, of merchandise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; and 
(D) to create pathways, within and among the 
appropriate Federal agencies, for qualified per-sons that demonstrate the highest levels of com-pliance to receive immediate clearance absent information that a transaction may pose a na-tional security or compliance threat; and 
(5) ensure that trade benefits are provided to 
participants in partnership programs. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than the 
date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and December 31 of each year thereafter, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(1) identifies each partnership program re-
ferred to in subsection (a); 
(2) for each such program, identifies— (A) the requirements for participants in the 
program; 
(B) the commercially significant and measur-
able trade benefits provided to participants in the program; 
(C) the number of participants in the program; 
and 
(D) in the case of a program that provides for 
participation at multiple tiers, the number of participants at each such tier; 
(3) identifies the number of participants en-
rolled in more than one such partnership pro-gram; 
(4) assesses the effectiveness of each such 
partnership program in advancing the security, trade enforcement, and trade facilitation mis-sions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, based on historical developments, the level of participation in the program, and the evolution of benefits provided to participants in the pro-gram; 
(5) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection to work with other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise entering the United States to en-sure that partnership programs of those agen-cies are compatible with partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(6) summarizes criteria developed with those 
agencies for authorizing the release, on an expe-dited basis, of merchandise for which docu-mentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; 
(7) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection to work with private sector entities and the public to develop and improve partnership programs referred to in subsection (a); 
(8) describes measures taken by U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to make private sector entities aware of the trade benefits available to participants in such programs; and 
(9) summarizes the plans, targets, and goals of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to such programs for the 2 years following the submission of the report. 
SEC. 102. REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF TRADE 
ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the ef-fectiveness of trade enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a description of the use of resources, re-
sults of audits and verifications, targeting, or-ganization, and training of personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(2) a description of trade enforcement activi-
ties to address undervaluation, transshipment, legitimacy of entities making entry, protection 
of revenues, fraud prevention and detection, and penalties, including intentional misclassification, inadequate bonding, and other misrepresentations; and 
(3) a description of trade enforcement activi-
ties with respect to the priority trade issues de-scribed in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act, including— 
(A) methodologies used in such enforcement 
activities, such as targeting; 
(B) recommendations for improving such en-
forcement activities; and 
(C) a description of the implementation of pre-
vious recommendations for improving such en-forcement activities. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 103. PRIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE 
STANDARDS FOR CUSTOMS MOD-ERNIZATION, TRADE FACILITATION, AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT FUNC-TIONS AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) P RIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner, in con-
sultation with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, shall establish priorities and performance standards to measure the development and levels of achievement of the customs modernization, trade facilitation, and trade enforcement functions and programs described in subsection (b). 
(2) M
INIMUM PRIORITIES AND STANDARDS .— 
Such priorities and performance standards shall, at a minimum, include priorities and standards relating to efficiency, outcome, out-put, and other types of applicable measures. 
(b) F
UNCTIONS AND PROGRAMS DESCRIBED .— 
The functions and programs referred to in sub-section (a) are the following: 
(1) The Automated Commercial Environment. (2) Each of the priority trade issues described 
in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act. 
(3) The Centers of Excellence and Expertise 
described in section 110 of this Act. 
(4) Drawback for exported merchandise under 
section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313), as amended by section 906 of this Act. 
(5) Transactions relating to imported mer-
chandise in bond. 
(6) Collection of countervailing duties assessed 
under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(7) The expedited clearance of cargo. (8) The issuance of regulations and rulings. (9) The issuance of Regulatory Audit Reports. (c) C
ONSULTATIONS AND NOTIFICATION .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS .—The consultations re-
quired by subsection (a)(1) shall occur, at a min-imum, on an annual basis. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commissioner shall 
notify the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives of any changes to the priorities referred to in subsection (a) not later than 30 days before such changes are to take ef-fect. 
SEC. 104. EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS TO IMPROVE 
EFFORTS TO CLASSIFY AND AP-PRAISE IMPORTED ARTICLES, TO IM-PROVE TRADE ENFORCEMENT EF-FORTS, AND TO OTHERWISE FACILI-TATE LEGITIMATE INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Commissioner and 
the Director shall establish and carry out on a fiscal year basis educational seminars to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4274 June 12, 2015 
(A) improve the ability of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection personnel to classify and ap-praise articles imported into the United States in accordance with the customs and trade laws of the United States; 
(B) improve the trade enforcement efforts of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel; and 
(C) otherwise improve the ability and effec-
tiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to facilitate legitimate international trade. 
(b) C
ONTENT .— 
(1) C LASSIFYING AND APPRAISING IMPORTED AR -
TICLES .—In carrying out subsection (a)(1)(A), 
the Commissioner, the Director, and interested parties in the private sector selected under sub-section (c) shall provide instruction and related instructional materials at each educational sem-inar under this section to U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel and, as appro-priate, to U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement personnel on the following: 
(A) Conducting a physical inspection of an 
article imported into the United States, includ-ing testing of samples of the article, to determine if the article is mislabeled in the manifest or other accompanying documentation. 
(B) Reviewing the manifest and other accom-
panying documentation of an article imported into the United States to determine if the coun-try of origin of the article listed in the manifest or other accompanying documentation is accu-rate. 
(C) Customs valuation. (D) Industry supply chains and other related 
matters as determined to be appropriate by the Commissioner. 
(2) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT EFFORTS .—In car-
rying out subsection (a)(1)(B), the Commis-sioner, the Director, and interested parties in the private sector selected under subsection (c) shall provide instruction and related instruc-tional materials at each educational seminar under this section to U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel and, as appropriate, to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel to identify opportunities to enhance en-forcement of the following: 
(A) Collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and anti-dumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(B) Addressing evasion of duties on imports of 
textiles. 
(C) Protection of intellectual property rights. (D) Enforcement of child labor laws. (3) A
PPROVAL OF COMMISSIONER AND DIREC -
TOR.—The instruction and related instructional 
materials at each educational seminar under this section shall be subject to the approval of the Commissioner and the Director. 
(c) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall es-
tablish a process to solicit, evaluate, and select interested parties in the private sector for pur-poses of assisting in providing instruction and related instructional materials described in sub-section (b) at each educational seminar under this section. 
(2) C
RITERIA .—The Commissioner shall evalu-
ate and select interested parties in the private sector under the process established under para-graph (1) based on— 
(A) availability and usefulness; (B) the volume, value, and incidence of 
mislabeling or misidentification of origin of im-ported articles; and 
(C) other appropriate criteria established by 
the Commissioner. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Commissioner 
and the Director shall publish in the Federal Register a detailed description of the process es-tablished under paragraph (1) and the criteria established under paragraph (2). (d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ANTIDUMPING AND  
COUNTERVAILING DUTYORDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall give 
due consideration to carrying out an edu-cational seminar under this section in whole or in part to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel to enforce a countervailing or antidumping duty order issued under section 706 or 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671e or 1673e) upon the request of a petitioner in an action underlying such counter-vailing or antidumping duty order. 
(2) I
NTERESTED PARTY .—A petitioner described 
in paragraph (1) shall be treated as an inter-ested party in the private sector for purposes of the requirements of this section. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—The Commis-
sioner and the Director shall establish perform-ance standards to measure the development and level of achievement of educational seminars 
under this section. 
(f) R
EPORTING .—Beginning September 30, 2016, 
the Commissioner and the Director shall submit to the Committee of Finance of the Senate and the Committee of Ways and Means of the House of Representatives an annual report on the ef-fectiveness of educational seminars under this section. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(2) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ 
means the customs territory of the United States, as defined in General Note 2 to the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
(3) U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection personnel’’ means import special-ists, auditors, and other appropriate employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(4) U.S. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCE -
MENT PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement personnel’’ means Homeland Security Investigations Directorate personnel and other appropriate employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
SEC. 105. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly develop and submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, a joint strategic plan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint strategic plan re-
quired under this section shall be comprised of a comprehensive multi-year plan for trade en-forcement and trade facilitation, and shall in-clude— 
(1) a summary of actions taken during the 2- 
year period preceding the submission of the plan to improve trade enforcement and trade facilita-tion, including a description and analysis of specific performance measures to evaluate the progress of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in meeting each such responsibility; 
(2) a statement of objectives and plans for fur-
ther improving trade enforcement and trade fa-cilitation; 
(3) a specific identification of the priority 
trade issues described in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act, that can be ad-dressed in order to enhance trade enforcement and trade facilitation, and a description of strategies and plans for addressing each such issue, including— 
(A) a description of the targeting methodolo-
gies used for enforcement activities with respect to each such issue; 
(B) recommendations for improving such en-
forcement activities; and 
(C) a description of the implementation of pre-
vious recommendations for improving such en-forcement activities; (4) a description of efforts made to improve 
consultation and coordination among and with-in Federal agencies, and in particular between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, regard-ing trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(5) a description of the training that has oc-
curred to date within U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation, including training under sec-tion 104 of this Act; 
(6) a description of efforts to work with the 
World Customs Organization and other inter-national organizations, in consultation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, with re-spect to enhancing trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(7) a description of U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection organizational benchmarks for opti-mizing staffing and wait times at ports of entry; 
(8) a specific identification of any domestic or 
international best practices that may further im-prove trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(9) any legislative recommendations to further 
improve trade enforcement and trade facilita-tion; and 
(10) a description of efforts made to improve 
consultation and coordination with the private sector to enhance trade enforcement and trade facilitation. 
(c) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In developing the joint stra-
tegic plan required under this section, the Com-missioner and the Director shall consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from the relevant 
Federal agencies, including— 
(i) the Department of the Treasury; (ii) the Department of Agriculture; (iii) the Department of Commerce; (iv) the Department of Justice; (v) the Department of the Interior; (vi) the Department of Health and Human 
Services; 
(vii) the Food and Drug Administration; (viii) the Consumer Product Safety Commis-
sion; and 
(ix) the Office of the United States Trade Rep-
resentative; and 
(B) the Commercial Customs Operations Advi-
sory Committee established by section 109 of this Act. 
(2) O
THER CONSULTATIONS .—In developing the 
joint strategic plan required under this section, the Commissioner and the Director shall seek to consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from relevant foreign 
law enforcement agencies and international or-ganizations, including the World Customs Orga-nization; and 
(B) interested parties in the private sector. (d) F
ORM OF PLAN.—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 106. AUTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRON-
MENT. 
(a) F UNDING .—Section 13031(f)(4)(B) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2003 through 2005’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘2016 through 2018’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘such amounts as are available 
in that Account’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $153,736,000’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘for the development’’ and in-
serting ‘‘to complete the development and imple-mentation’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Section 311(b)(3) of the Customs 
Border Security Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2075 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 
31, 2016, the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report detailing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4275 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(i) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s in-
corporation of all core trade processing capabili-ties, including cargo release, entry summary, cargo manifest, cargo financial data, and export data elements into the Automated Commercial Environment computer system authorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)) not later than September 30, 2016, to conform with the admissibility criteria of agen-cies participating in the International Trade Data System identified pursuant to section 411(d)(4)(A)(iii) of the Tariff Act of 1930; 
‘‘(ii) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s re-
maining priorities for processing entry summary data elements, cargo manifest data elements, cargo financial data elements, and export ele-ments in the Automated Commercial Environ-ment computer system, and the objectives and plans for implementing these remaining prior-ities; 
‘‘(iii) the components of the National Customs 
Automation Program specified in subsection (a)(2) of section 411 of the Tariff Act of 1930 that have not been implemented; and 
‘‘(iv) any additional components of the Na-
tional Customs Automation Program initiated by the Commissioner to complete the develop-ment, establishment, and implementation of the Automated Commercial Environment computer system. 
‘‘(B) U
PDATE OF REPORTS .—Not later than 
September 30, 2017, the Commissioner shall sub-mit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives an updated report addressing each of the matters referred to in subparagraph (A), and— 
‘‘(i) evaluating the effectiveness of the imple-
mentation of the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment computer system; and 
‘‘(ii) detailing the percentage of trade proc-
essed in the Automated Commercial Environ-ment every month since September 30, 2016.’’. 
(c) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RE-
PORT.—Not later than December 31, 2017, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives a report— 
(1) assessing the progress of other Federal 
agencies in accessing and utilizing the Auto-mated Commercial Environment; and 
(2) assessing the potential cost savings to the 
United States Government and importers and exporters and the potential benefits to enforce-ment of the customs and trade laws of the United States if the elements identified in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 311(b)(3)(A) of the Customs Border Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (b) of this section, are implemented. 
SEC. 107. INTERNATIONAL TRADE DATA SYSTEM. 
(a) I NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—Section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1411(d)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) I NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUC -
TURE.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall work 
with the head of each agency participating in the ITDS and the Interagency Steering Com-mittee to ensure that each agency— 
‘‘(i) develops and maintains the necessary in-
formation technology infrastructure to support the operation of the ITDS and to submit all data to the ITDS electronically; 
‘‘(ii) enters into a memorandum of under-
standing, or takes such other action as is nec-essary, to provide for the information sharing between the agency and U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection necessary for the operation and 
maintenance of the ITDS; 
‘‘(iii) not later than June 30, 2016, identifies 
and transmits to the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection the ad-missibility criteria and data elements required by the agency to authorize the release of cargo by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for in-corporation into the operational functionality of the Automated Commercial Environment com-puter system authorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)); and 
‘‘(iv) not later than December 31, 2016, utilizes 
the ITDS as the primary means of receiving from users the standard set of data and other relevant documentation, exclusive of applica-tions for permits, licenses, or certifications re-quired for the release of imported cargo and clearance of cargo for export. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
paragraph shall be construed to require any ac-tion to be taken that would compromise an on-going law enforcement investigation or national security.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Rec-onciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 109 of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 108. CONSULTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO MU-
TUAL RECOGNITION ARRANGE-MENTS. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, with respect to any proposed mu-tual recognition arrangement or similar agree-ment between the United States and a foreign government providing for mutual recognition of supply chain security programs and customs revenue functions, shall consult— 
(1) not later than 30 days before initiating ne-
gotiations to enter into any such arrangement or similar agreement, with the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) not later than 30 days before entering into 
any such arrangement or similar agreement, with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(b) N
EGOTIATING OBJECTIVE .—It shall be a ne-
gotiating objective of the United States in any negotiation for a mutual recognition arrange-ment with a foreign country on partnership pro-grams, such as the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism established under subtitle B of title II of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), to seek to ensure the compatibility of the partner-ship programs of that country with the partner-ship programs of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to enhance trade facilitation and trade enforcement. 
SEC. 109. COMMERCIAL CUSTOMS OPERATIONS 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the date 
that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly establish a Commercial Customs Operations Ad-visory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee 
shall be comprised of— 
(A) 20 individuals appointed under paragraph 
(2); 
(B) the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy of 
the Department of the Treasury and the Com-missioner, who shall jointly co-chair meetings of the Advisory Committee; and 
(C) the Assistant Secretary for Policy and the 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, who shall serve as deputy co-chairs of meetings of the Advisory Committee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT .— (A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly appoint 20 individuals from the pri-vate sector to the Advisory Committee. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In making appointments 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall appoint members— 
(i) to ensure that the membership of the Advi-
sory Committee is representative of the individ-uals and firms affected by the commercial oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
(ii) without regard to political affiliation. (C) T
ERMS .—Each individual appointed to the 
Advisory Committee under this paragraph shall be appointed for a term of not more than 3 years, and may be reappointed to subsequent terms, but may not serve more than 2 terms se-quentially. 
(3) T
RANSFER OF MEMBERSHIP .—The Secretary 
of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer members serving on the Advisory Committee on Commercial Operations of the United States Customs Service established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to the Advisory Committee established under subsection (a). 
(c) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) advise the Secretary of the Treasury and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security on all mat-ters involving the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including ad-vising with respect to significant changes that are proposed with respect to regulations, poli-cies, or practices of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(2) provide recommendations to the Secretary 
of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security on improvements to the commercial op-erations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(3) collaborate in developing the agenda for 
Advisory Committee meetings; and 
(4) perform such other functions relating to 
the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection as prescribed by law or as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly direct. 
(d) M
EETINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee 
shall meet at the call of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, or at the call of not less than two-thirds of the membership of the Advisory Committee. The Advisory Committee shall meet at least 4 times each calendar year. 
(2) O
PEN MEETINGS .—Notwithstanding section 
10(a) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee meetings shall be open to the public unless the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that the meeting will in-clude matters the disclosure of which would compromise the development of policies, prior-ities, or negotiating objectives or positions that could impact the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection or the oper-ations or investigations of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Decem-
ber 31, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Advi-sory Committee shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report that— 
(1) describes the activities of the Advisory 
Committee during the preceding fiscal year; and 
(2) sets forth any recommendations of the Ad-
visory Committee regarding the commercial oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14(a)(2) of the Fed-
eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.; re-lating to the termination of advisory committees) shall not apply to the Advisory Committee. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4276 June 12, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the date on 
which the Advisory Committee is established under subsection (a), section 9503(c) of the Om-nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is repealed. 
(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in law to the 
Advisory Committee on Commercial Operations of the United States Customs Service established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) made on or after the date on which the Advisory Committee is established under subsection (a), shall be deemed a reference to the Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee estab-lished under subsection (a). 
SEC. 110. CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE AND EXPER-
TISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall, in 
consultation with the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee established by section 109 of this Act, develop and implement Centers of Excellence and Exper-tise throughout U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection that— 
(1) enhance the economic competitiveness of 
the United States by consistently enforcing the laws and regulations of the United States at all ports of entry of the United States and by facili-tating the flow of legitimate trade through in-creasing industry-based knowledge; 
(2) improve enforcement efforts, including en-
forcement of priority trade issues described in subparagraph (B)(ii) of section 2(d)(3) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act, in specific industry sectors through the application of targeting information from the Commercial Targeting Division established under subparagraph (A) of such section 2(d)(3) and from other means of verification; 
(3) build upon the expertise of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection in particular industry operations, supply chains, and compliance re-quirements; 
(4) promote the uniform implementation at 
each port of entry of the United States of poli-cies and regulations relating to imports; 
(5) centralize the trade enforcement and trade 
facilitation efforts of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(6) formalize an account-based approach to 
apply, as the Commissioner determines appro-priate, to the importation of merchandise into the United States; 
(7) foster partnerships though the expansion 
of trade programs and other trusted partner programs; 
(8) develop applicable performance measure-
ments to meet internal efficiency and effective-ness goals; and 
(9) whenever feasible, facilitate a more effi-
cient flow of information between Federal agen-cies. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Commissioner shall submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing— 
(1) the scope, functions, and structure of each 
Center of Excellence and Expertise developed and implemented under subsection (a); 
(2) the effectiveness of each such Center of 
Excellence and Expertise in improving enforce-ment efforts, including enforcement of priority trade issues, and facilitating legitimate trade; 
(3) the quantitative and qualitative benefits of 
each such Center of Excellence and Expertise to the trade community, including through fos-tering partnerships through the expansion of trade programs such as the Importer Self Assess-ment program and other trusted partner pro-grams; 
(4) all applicable performance measurements 
with respect to each such Center of Excellence and Expertise, including performance measures with respect to meeting internal efficiency and effectiveness goals; (5) the performance of each such Center of Ex-
cellence and Expertise in increasing the accu-racy and completeness of data with respect to international trade and facilitating a more effi-cient flow of information between Federal agen-cies; and 
(6) any planned changes in the number, scope, 
functions or any other aspect of the Centers of Excellence and Expertise developed and imple-mented under subsection (a). 
SEC. 111. COMMERCIAL TARGETING DIVISION 
AND NATIONAL TARGETING AND ANALYSIS GROUPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(d) of the Act of 
March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL TARGETING DIVISION AND NA -
TIONAL TARGETING AND ANALYSIS GROUPS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT OF COMMERCIAL TAR -
GETING DIVISION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall establish and maintain within the Office of International Trade a Commercial Tar-geting Division. 
‘‘(ii) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commercial Tar-
geting Division shall be composed of— 
‘‘(I) headquarters personnel led by an Execu-
tive Director, who shall report to the Assistant Commissioner for Trade; and 
‘‘(II) individual National Targeting and Anal-
ysis Groups, each led by a Director who shall re-port to the Executive Director of the Commercial Targeting Division. 
‘‘(iii) D
UTIES .—The Commercial Targeting Di-
vision shall be dedicated— 
‘‘(I) to the development and conduct of com-
mercial risk assessment targeting with respect to cargo destined for the United States in accord-ance with subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(II) to issuing Trade Alerts described in sub-
paragraph (D). 
‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL TARGETING AND ANALYSIS  
GROUPS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A National Targeting and 
Analysis Group referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) shall, at a minimum, be established for each priority trade issue described in clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) P
RIORITY TRADE ISSUES .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—The priority trade issues 
described in this clause are the following: 
‘‘(aa) Agriculture programs. ‘‘(bb) Antidumping and countervailing duties. ‘‘(cc) Import safety. ‘‘(dd) Intellectual property rights. ‘‘(ee) Revenue. ‘‘(ff) Textiles and wearing apparel. ‘‘(gg) Trade agreements and preference pro-
grams. 
‘‘(II) M
ODIFICATION .—The Commissioner is 
authorized to establish new priority trade issues and eliminate, consolidate, or otherwise modify the priority trade issues described in this para-graph if the Commissioner— 
‘‘(aa) determines it necessary and appropriate 
to do so; 
‘‘(bb) submits to the Committee on Finance of 
the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a sum-mary of proposals to consolidate, eliminate, or otherwise modify existing priority trade issues not later than 60 days before such changes are to take effect; and 
‘‘(cc) submits to the Committee on Finance of 
the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a sum-mary of proposals to establish new priority trade issues not later than 30 days after such changes are to take effect. 
‘‘(iii) D
UTIES .—The duties of each National 
Targeting and Analysis Group shall include— 
‘‘(I) directing the trade enforcement and com-
pliance assessment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection that relate to the Group’s priority trade issue; 
‘‘(II) facilitating, promoting, and coordinating 
cooperation and the exchange of information be-tween U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and other relevant Federal departments and agen-cies regarding the Group’s priority trade issue; and 
‘‘(III) serving as the primary liaison between 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the public regarding United States Government ac-tivities regarding the Group’s priority trade issue, including— 
‘‘(aa) providing for receipt and transmission 
to the appropriate U.S. Customs and Border Protection office of allegations from interested parties in the private sector of violations of cus-toms and trade laws of the United States of mer-chandise relating to the priority trade issue; 
‘‘(bb) obtaining information from the appro-
priate U.S. Customs and Border Protection of-fice on the status of any activities resulting from the submission of any such allegation, including any decision not to pursue the allegation, and providing any such information to each inter-ested party in the private sector that submitted the allegation every 90 days after the allegation was received by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection unless providing such information would compromise an ongoing law enforcement inves-tigation; and 
‘‘(cc) notifying on a timely basis each inter-
ested party in the private sector that submitted such allegation of any civil or criminal actions taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or other Federal department or agency resulting from the allegation. 
‘‘(C) C
OMMERCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT TAR -
GETING .—In carrying out its duties with respect 
to commercial risk assessment targeting, the Commercial Targeting Division shall— 
‘‘(i) establish targeted risk assessment meth-
odologies and standards— 
‘‘(I) for evaluating the risk that cargo des-
tined for the United States may violate the cus-toms and trade laws of the United States, par-ticularly those laws applicable to merchandise subject to the priority trade issues described in subparagraph (B)(ii); and 
‘‘(II) for issuing, as appropriate, Trade Alerts 
described in subparagraph (D); and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable and otherwise 
authorized by law, use, to administer the meth-odologies and standards established under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) publicly available information; ‘‘(II) information available from the Auto-
mated Commercial System, the Automated Com-mercial Environment computer system, the Automated Targeting System, the Automated Export System, the International Trade Data System, the TECS (formerly known as the ‘Treasury Enforcement Communications Sys-tem’), the case management system of U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, and any successor systems; and 
‘‘(III) information made available to the Com-
mercial Targeting Division, including informa-tion provided by private sector entities. 
‘‘(D) T
RADE ALERTS .— 
‘‘(i) I SSUANCE .—Based upon the application of 
the targeted risk assessment methodologies and standards established under subparagraph (C), the Executive Director of the Commercial Tar-geting Division and the Directors of the Na-tional Targeting and Analysis Groups may issue Trade Alerts to directors of United States ports of entry directing further inspection, or physical examination or testing, of specific merchandise to ensure compliance with all applicable customs and trade laws and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATIONS NOT TO IMPLEMENT  
TRADE ALERTS .—The director of a United States 
port of entry may determine not to conduct fur-ther inspections, or physical examination or testing, pursuant to a Trade Alert issued under clause (i) if the director— 
‘‘(I) finds that such a determination is justi-
fied by security interests; and 
‘‘(II) notifies the Assistant Commissioner of 
the Office of Field Operations and the Assistant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4277 June 12, 2015 
Commissioner of International Trade of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection of the deter-mination and the reasons for the determination not later than 48 hours after making the deter-mination. 
‘‘(iii) S
UMMARY OF DETERMINATIONS NOT TO  
IMPLEMENT .—The Assistant Commissioner of the 
Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— 
‘‘(I) compile an annual public summary of all 
determinations by directors of United States ports of entry under clause (ii) and the reasons for those determinations; 
‘‘(II) conduct an evaluation of the utilization 
of Trade Alerts issued under clause (i); and 
‘‘(III) submit the summary to the Committee 
on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives not later than December 31 of each year. 
‘‘(iv) I
NSPECTION DEFINED .—In this subpara-
graph, the term ‘inspection’ means the com-prehensive evaluation process used by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, other than physical examination or testing, to permit the entry of merchandise into the United States, or the clear-ance of merchandise for transportation in bond through the United States, for purposes of— 
‘‘(I) assessing duties; ‘‘(II) identifying restricted or prohibited items; 
and 
‘‘(III) ensuring compliance with all applicable 
customs and trade laws and regulations admin-istered by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion.’’. 
(b) U
SE OF TRADE DATA FOR COMMERCIAL EN-
FORCEMENT PURPOSES .—Section 343(a)(3)(F) of 
the Trade Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(F) The information collected pursuant to 
the regulations shall be used exclusively for en-suring cargo safety and security, preventing smuggling, and commercial risk assessment tar-geting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, including for determining merchandise entry. Notwithstanding the pre-ceding sentence, nothing in this section shall be treated as amending, repealing, or otherwise modifying title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 or regulations prescribed thereunder.’’. 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF REVENUE 
PROTECTION AND ENFORCEMENT MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 
2016, and not later than March 31 of each sec-ond year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report assessing, with respect to the period covered by the report, as specified in subsection (b), the following: 
(1) The effectiveness of the measures taken by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to protection of revenue, including— 
(A) the collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and anti-dumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.); 
(B) the assessment, collection, and mitigation 
of commercial fines and penalties; 
(C) the use of bonds, including continuous 
and single transaction bonds, to secure that rev-enue; and 
(D) the adequacy of the policies of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection with respect to the monitoring and tracking of merchandise trans-
ported in bond and collecting duties, as appro-priate. 
(2) The effectiveness of actions taken by U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection to measure ac-countability and performance with respect to protection of revenue. 
(3) The number and outcome of investigations 
instituted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the underpayment of duties. 
(4) The effectiveness of training with respect 
to the collection of duties provided for personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) P
ERIOD COVERED BY REPORT .—Each report 
required by subsection (a) shall cover the period of 2 fiscal years ending on September 30 of the calendar year preceding the submission of the report. 
SEC. 113. REPORT ON SECURITY AND REVENUE 
MEASURES WITH RESPECT TO MER-CHANDISE TRANSPORTED IN BOND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 31 
of 2016, 2017, and 2018, the Secretary of Home-land Security and the Secretary of the Treasury shall jointly submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on efforts undertaken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ensure the secure transpor-tation of merchandise in bond through the United States and the collection of revenue owed upon the entry of such merchandise into the United States for consumption. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, for the fiscal year pre-ceding the submission of the report, information on— 
(1) the overall number of entries of merchan-
dise for transportation in bond through the United States; 
(2) the ports at which merchandise arrives in 
the United States for transportation in bond and at which records of the arrival of such mer-chandise are generated; 
(3) the average time taken to reconcile such 
records with the records at the final destination of the merchandise in the United States to dem-onstrate that the merchandise reaches its final destination or is reexported; 
(4) the average time taken to transport mer-
chandise in bond from the port at which the merchandise arrives in the United States to its final destination in the United States; 
(5) the total amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
owed with respect to shipments of merchandise transported in bond and the total amount of such duties, taxes, and fees paid; 
(6) the total number of notifications by car-
riers of merchandise being transported in bond that the destination of the merchandise has changed; and 
(7) the number of entries that remain 
unreconciled. 
SEC. 114. IMPORTER OF RECORD PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish an importer of record program to assign and maintain importer of record num-bers. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that, as part of the importer of record pro-gram, U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(1) develops criteria that importers must meet 
in order to obtain an importer of record number, including— 
(A) criteria to ensure sufficient information is 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to verify the existence of the importer re-questing the importer of record number; 
(B) criteria to ensure sufficient information is 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to identify linkages or other affiliations between importers that are requesting or have been assigned importer of record numbers; and 
(C) criteria to ensure sufficient information is 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to identify changes in address and cor-porate structure of importers; 
(2) provides a process by which importers are 
assigned importer of record numbers; 
(3) maintains a centralized database of im-
porter of record numbers, including a history of importer of record numbers associated with each importer, and the information described in sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (1); 
(4) evaluates and maintains the accuracy of 
the database if such information changes; and 
(5) takes measures to ensure that duplicate 
importer of record numbers are not issued. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the importer of record program established under subsection (a). 
(d) N
UMBER DEFINED .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘number’’, with respect to an importer of record, means a filing identification number de-scribed in section 24.5 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regu-lation) that fully supports the requirements of subsection (b) with respect to the collection and maintenance of information. 
SEC. 115. ESTABLISHMENT OF NEW IMPORTER 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the date that 
is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall establish a new importer program that directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection to adjust bond amounts for new importers based on the level of risk assessed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for pro-tection of revenue of the Federal Government. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Commissioner shall 
ensure that, as part of the new importer pro-gram established under subsection (a), U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection— 
(1) develops risk-based criteria for determining 
which importers are considered to be new im-porters for the purposes of this subsection; 
(2) develops risk assessment guidelines for new 
importers to determine if and to what extent— 
(A) to adjust bond amounts of imported prod-
ucts of new importers; and 
(B) to increase screening of imported products 
of new importers; 
(3) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new importers relating to the enforcement of the priority trade issues described in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of sec-tion 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act; 
(4) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new importers by Centers of Excellence and Expertise estab-lished under section 110 of this Act; and 
(5) establishes a centralized database of new 
importers to ensure accuracy of information that is required to be provided by new importers to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
SEC. 201. INTERAGENCY IMPORT SAFETY WORK-
ING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an 
interagency Import Safety Working Group. 
(b) M EMBERSHIP .—The interagency Import 
Safety Working Group shall consist of the fol-lowing officials or their designees: 
(1) The Secretary of Homeland Security, who 
shall serve as the Chair. 
(2) The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices, who shall serve as the Vice Chair. 
(3) The Secretary of the Treasury. (4) The Secretary of Commerce. (5) The Secretary of Agriculture. (6) The United States Trade Representative. (7) The Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget. 
(8) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. (9) The Commissioner responsible for U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection. 
(10) The Chairman of the Consumer Product 
Safety Commission. 
(11) The Director of U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement. 
(12) The head of any other Federal agency 
designated by the President to participate in the interagency Import Safety Working Group, as appropriate. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the interagency Im-
port Safety Working Group shall include— 
(1) consulting on the development of the joint 
import safety rapid response plan required by section 202 of this Act; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4278 June 12, 2015 
(2) periodically evaluating the adequacy of 
the plans, practices, and resources of the Fed-eral Government dedicated to ensuring the safe-ty of merchandise imported in the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise, including— 
(A) minimizing the duplication of efforts 
among agencies the heads of which are members of the interagency Import Safety Working Group and ensuring the compatibility of the policies and regulations of those agencies; and 
(B) recommending additional administrative 
actions, as appropriate, designed to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such mer-chandise and considering the impact of those actions on private sector entities; 
(3) reviewing the engagement and cooperation 
of foreign governments and foreign manufactur-ers in facilitating the inspection and certifi-cation, as appropriate, of such merchandise to be imported into the United States and the fa-cilities producing such merchandise to ensure the safety of the merchandise and the expedi-tious entry of the merchandise into the United States; 
(4) identifying best practices, in consultation 
with private sector entities as appropriate, to as-sist United States importers in taking all appro-priate steps to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States, including with respect to— 
(A) the inspection of manufacturing facilities 
in foreign countries; 
(B) the inspection of merchandise destined for 
the United States before exportation from a for-eign country or before distribution in the United States; and 
(C) the protection of the international supply 
chain (as defined in section 2 of the Security and Accountability For Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 901)); 
(5) identifying best practices to assist Federal, 
State, and local governments and agencies, and port authorities, to improve communication and coordination among such agencies and authori-ties with respect to ensuring the safety of mer-chandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise; and 
(6) otherwise identifying appropriate steps to 
increase the accountability of United States im-porters and the engagement of foreign govern-ment agencies with respect to ensuring the safe-ty of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such mer-chandise. 
SEC. 202. JOINT IMPORT SAFETY RAPID RE-
SPONSE PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the interagency Import Safety Working Group, shall develop a plan (to be known as the ‘‘joint import safety rapid re-sponse plan’’) that sets forth protocols and de-fines practices for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to use— 
(1) in taking action in response to, and coordi-
nating Federal responses to, an incident in which cargo destined for or merchandise enter-ing the United States has been identified as pos-ing a threat to the health or safety of consumers in the United States; and 
(2) in recovering from or mitigating the effects 
of actions and responses to an incident de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint import safety rapid 
response plan shall address— 
(1) the statutory and regulatory authorities 
and responsibilities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies in re-sponding to an incident described in subsection (a)(1); 
(2) the protocols and practices to be used by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection when tak-ing action in response to, and coordinating Fed-eral responses to, such an incident; 
(3) the measures to be taken by U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection and other Federal agen-cies in recovering from or mitigating the effects 
of actions taken in response to such an incident after the incident to ensure the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States; and 
(4) exercises that U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection may conduct in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies, and private sector entities, to simulate responses to such an incident. 
(c) U
PDATES OF PLAN.—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall review and update the joint import safety rapid response plan, as ap-propriate, after conducting exercises under sub-section (d). 
(d) I
MPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY EXERCISES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security and the Commissioner shall periodi-cally engage in the exercises referred to in sub-section (b)(4), in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies and private sector en-tities, as appropriate, to test and evaluate the protocols and practices identified in the joint import safety rapid response plan at United States ports of entry. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EXERCISES .—In con-
ducting exercises under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary and the Commissioner shall— 
(A) make allowance for the resources, needs, 
and constraints of United States ports of entry of different sizes in representative geographic lo-cations across the United States; 
(B) base evaluations on current risk assess-
ments of merchandise entering the United States at representative United States ports of entry lo-cated across the United States; 
(C) ensure that such exercises are conducted 
in a manner consistent with the National Inci-dent Management System, the National Re-sponse Plan, the National Infrastructure Protec-tion Plan, the National Preparedness Guide-lines, the Maritime Transportation System Secu-rity Plan, and other such national initiatives of the Department of Homeland Security, as appro-priate; and 
(D) develop metrics with respect to the re-
sumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States after an incident described in sub-section (a)(1). 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TESTING AND EVALUA -
TION.—The Secretary and the Commissioner 
shall ensure that the testing and evaluation car-ried out in conducting exercises under para-graph (1)— 
(A) are performed using clear and objective 
performance measures; and 
(B) result in the identification of specific rec-
ommendations or best practices for responding to an incident described in subsection (a)(1). 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS AND  
BEST PRACTICES .—The Secretary and the Com-
missioner shall— 
(A) share the recommendations or best prac-
tices identified under paragraph (3)(B) among the members of the interagency Import Safety Working Group and with, as appropriate— 
(i) State, local, and tribal governments; (ii) foreign governments; and (iii) private sector entities; and 
(B) use such recommendations and best prac-
tices to update the joint import safety rapid re-sponse plan. 
SEC. 203. TRAINING. 
The Commissioner shall ensure that personnel 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection assigned to United States ports of entry are trained to ef-fectively administer the provisions of this title and to otherwise assist in ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise. 
TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTECTION 
OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITION OF INTELLECTUAL PROP-
ERTY RIGHTS. 
In this title, the term ‘‘intellectual property 
rights’’ refers to copyrights, trademarks, and other forms of intellectual property rights that are enforced by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-
tection or U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. 
SEC. 302. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RELATED 
TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 628 (19 U.S.C. 1628) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 628A. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RE-
LATED TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (c) 
and (d), if the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection suspects that merchandise is being imported into the United States in violation of section 526 of this Act or section 602, 1201(a)(2), or 1201(b)(1) of title 17, United States Code, and determines that the ex-amination or testing of the merchandise by a person described in subsection (b) would assist the Commissioner in determining if the mer-chandise is being imported in violation of that section, the Commissioner, to permit the person to conduct the examination and testing— 
‘‘(1) shall provide to the person information 
that appears on the merchandise and its pack-aging and labels, including unredacted images of the merchandise and its packaging and la-bels; and 
‘‘(2) may, subject to any applicable bonding 
requirements, provide to the person unredacted samples of the merchandise. 
‘‘(b) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person described 
in this subsection is— 
‘‘(1) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being imported in violation of section 526, the owner of the trademark suspected of being cop-ied or simulated by the merchandise; 
‘‘(2) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being imported in violation of section 602 of title 17, United States Code, the owner of the copy-right suspected of being infringed by the mer-chandise; 
‘‘(3) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological meas-ure that effectively controls access to a work protected under that title, and being imported in violation of section 1201(a)(2) of that title, the owner of a copyright in the work; and 
‘‘(4) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively protects a right of an owner of a copyright in a work or a portion of a work, and being imported in vio-lation of section 1201(b)(1) of that title, the owner of the copyright. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (a) applies only 
with respect to merchandise suspected of in-fringing a trademark or copyright that is re-corded with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—The Commissioner may not 
provide under subsection (a) information, pho-tographs, or samples to a person described in subsection (b) if providing such information, photographs, or samples would compromise an ongoing law enforcement investigation or na-tional security.’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF PREVIOUS AUTHORITY .— 
Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 818(g) of Public Law 112–81 (125 Stat. 1496), paragraph (1) of that section shall have no force or effect on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. SEIZURE OF CIRCUMVENTION DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 596(c)(2) of the Tar-
iff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1595a(c)(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) U.S. Customs and Border Protection de-
termines it is a technology, product, service, de-vice, component, or part thereof the importation of which is prohibited under subsection (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4279 June 12, 2015 
(b) N OTIFICATION OF PERSONS INJURED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that 
is 30 business days after seizing merchandise pursuant to subparagraph (G) of section 596(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (a), the Commissioner shall provide to any person identified under paragraph (2) in-formation regarding the merchandise seized that is equivalent to information provided to copy-right owners under regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for merchandise seized for violation of the copyright laws. 
(2) P
ERSONS TO BE PROVIDED INFORMATION .— 
Any person injured by the violation of (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code, that resulted in the seizure of the mer-chandise shall be provided information under paragraph (1), if that person is included on a list maintained by the Commissioner that is re-vised annually through publication in the Fed-eral Register. 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regula-tions establishing procedures that implement this subsection. 
SEC. 304. ENFORCEMENT BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND 
BORDER PROTECTION OF WORKS FOR WHICH COPYRIGHT REGISTRA-TION IS PENDING. 
Not later than the date that is 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall authorize a process pursuant to which the Commissioner shall enforce a copyright for which the owner has submitted an application for registration under title 17, United States Code, with the United States Copyright Office, to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as if the copyright were registered with the Copyright Office, in-cluding by sharing information, images, and samples of merchandise suspected of infringing the copyright under section 628A of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 302. 
SEC. 305. NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall— 
(1) establish within U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement a National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center; and 
(2) appoint an Assistant Director to head the 
National Intellectual Property Rights Coordina-tion Center. 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Assistant Director of the Na-
tional Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center shall— 
(1) coordinate the investigation of sources of 
merchandise that infringe intellectual property rights to identify organizations and individuals that produce, smuggle, or distribute such mer-chandise; 
(2) conduct and coordinate training with 
other domestic and international law enforce-ment agencies on investigative best practices— 
(A) to develop and expand the capability of 
such agencies to enforce intellectual property rights; and 
(B) to develop metrics to assess whether the 
training improved enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
(3) coordinate, with U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, activities conducted by the United States to prevent the importation or exportation of merchandise that infringes intellectual prop-erty rights; 
(4) support the international interdiction of 
merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights; 
(5) collect and integrate information regarding 
infringement of intellectual property rights from domestic and international law enforcement agencies and other non-Federal sources; 
(6) develop a means to receive and organize 
information regarding infringement of intellec-tual property rights from such agencies and other sources; 
(7) disseminate information regarding in-
fringement of intellectual property rights to other Federal agencies, as appropriate; (8) develop and implement risk-based alert 
systems, in coordination with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to improve the targeting of persons that repeatedly infringe intellectual property rights; 
(9) coordinate with the offices of United States 
attorneys in order to develop expertise in, and assist with the investigation and prosecution of, crimes relating to the infringement of intellec-tual property rights; and 
(10) carry out such other duties as the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may assign. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AGENCIES .—In 
carrying out the duties described in subsection (b), the Assistant Director of the National Intel-lectual Property Rights Coordination Center shall coordinate with— 
(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (2) the Food and Drug Administration; (3) the Department of Justice; (4) the Department of Commerce, including 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office; 
(5) the United States Postal Inspection Serv-
ice; 
(6) the Office of the United States Trade Rep-
resentative; 
(7) any Federal, State, local, or international 
law enforcement agencies that the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement considers appropriate; and 
(8) any other entities that the Director con-
siders appropriate. 
(d) P
RIVATE SECTOR OUTREACH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Director of the 
National Intellectual Property Rights Coordina-tion Center shall work with U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies to conduct outreach to private sector entities in order to determine trends in and methods of in-fringing intellectual property rights. 
(2) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Assistant Di-
rector shall share information and best practices with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights with private sector entities, as appropriate, in order to coordinate public and private sector efforts to combat the infringement of intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 306. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN FOR THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
The Commissioner and the Director of U.S. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall in-clude in the joint strategic plan required by sec-tion 105 of this Act— 
(1) a description of the efforts of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security to enforce intellec-tual property rights; 
(2) a list of the 10 United States ports of entry 
at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection has seized the most merchandise, both by vol-ume and by value, that infringes intellectual property rights during the most recent 2-year period for which data are available; and 
(3) a recommendation for the optimal alloca-
tion of personnel, resources, and technology to ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement are adequately enforcing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 307. PERSONNEL DEDICATED TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) P ERSONNEL OF U.S. C USTOMS AND BORDER  
PROTECTION .—The Commissioner and the Direc-
tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment shall ensure that sufficient personnel are assigned throughout U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, respectively, who have responsi-bility for preventing the importation into the United States of merchandise that infringes in-tellectual property rights. 
(b) S
TAFFING OF NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER .—The 
Commissioner shall— 
(1) assign not fewer than 3 full-time employees 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordina-tion Center established under section 305 of this 
Act; and 
(2) ensure that sufficient personnel are as-
signed to United States ports of entry to carry out the directives of the Center. 
SEC. 308. TRAINING WITH RESPECT TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) T RAINING .—The Commissioner shall ensure 
that officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion are trained to effectively detect and iden-tify merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights, in-cluding through the use of technologies identi-fied under subsection (c). 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHPRIVATE SECTOR .— 
The Commissioner shall consult with private sector entities to better identify opportunities for collaboration between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and such entities with respect to training for officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in enforcing intellectual property rights. 
(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF NEWTECHNOLOGIES .— 
In consultation with private sector entities, the Commissioner shall identify— 
(1) technologies with the cost-effective capa-
bility to detect and identify merchandise at United States ports of entry that infringes intel-lectual property rights; and 
(2) cost-effective programs for training officers 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use such technologies. 
(d) D
ONATIONS OF TECHNOLOGY .—Not later 
than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall prescribe regulations to enable U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to receive donations of hardware, software, equipment, and similar technologies, and to accept training and other support services, from private sector entities, for the purpose of enforcing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 309. INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND IN-
FORMATION SHARING. 
(a) C OOPERATION .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall coordinate with the com-petent law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries, including by sharing infor-mation relevant to enforcement actions, to en-hance the efforts of the United States and such authorities to enforce intellectual property rights. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall provide technical as-sistance to competent law enforcement and cus-toms authorities of foreign countries to enhance the ability of such authorities to enforce intel-lectual property rights. 
(c) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—The Com-
missioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall lead inter-agency efforts to collaborate with law enforce-ment and customs authorities of foreign coun-tries to enforce intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 310. REPORT ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS ENFORCEMENT. 
Not later than June 30, 2016, and annually 
thereafter, the Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port that contains the following: 
(1) With respect to the enforcement of intellec-
tual property rights, the following: 
(A) The number of referrals from U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement relating to infringement of intellectual property rights during the preceding year. 
(B) The number of investigations relating to 
the infringement of intellectual property rights referred by U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement to a United States attorney for pros-ecution and the United States attorneys to which those investigations were referred. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4280 June 12, 2015 
(C) The number of such investigations accept-
ed by each such United States attorney and the status or outcome of each such investigation. 
(D) The number of such investigations that re-
sulted in the imposition of civil or criminal pen-alties. 
(E) A description of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection and U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement to improve the success rates of investigations and prosecutions relating to the infringement of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
(2) An estimate of the average time required 
by the Office of International Trade of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to respond to a request from port personnel for advice with re-spect to whether merchandise detained by U.S. Customs and Border Protection infringed intel-lectual property rights, distinguished by types of intellectual property rights infringed. 
(3) A summary of the outreach efforts of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement with respect to— 
(A) the interdiction and investigation of, and 
the sharing of information between those agen-cies and other Federal agencies to prevent the infringement of intellectual property rights; 
(B) collaboration with private sector entities— (i) to identify trends in the infringement of, 
and technologies that infringe, intellectual property rights; 
(ii) to identify opportunities for enhanced 
training of officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
(iii) to develop best practices to enforce intel-
lectual property rights; and 
(C) coordination with foreign governments 
and international organizations with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
(4) A summary of the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to address the chal-lenges with respect to the enforcement of intel-lectual property rights presented by Internet commerce and the transit of small packages and an identification of the volume, value, and type of merchandise seized for infringing intellectual property rights as a result of such efforts. 
(5) A summary of training relating to the en-
forcement of intellectual property rights con-ducted under section 308 of this Act and expend-itures for such training. 
SEC. 311. INFORMATION FOR TRAVELERS RE-
GARDING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLEC-TUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall develop and carry out an edu-cational campaign to inform travelers entering or leaving the United States about the legal, economic, and public health and safety implica-tions of acquiring merchandise that infringes in-tellectual property rights outside the United States and importing such merchandise into the United States in violation of United States law. 
(b) D
ECLARATION FORMS .—The Commissioner 
shall ensure that all versions of Declaration Form 6059B of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, or a successor form, including any elec-tronic equivalent of Declaration Form 6059B or a successor form, printed or displayed on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act include a written warning to inform travelers arriving in the United States that importation of merchandise into the United States that infringes intellectual property rights may subject travelers to civil or criminal penalties and may pose serious risks to safety or health. 
TITLE IV—EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING 
AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Enforcing Or-
ders and Reducing Customs Evasion Act of 2015’’. SEC. 402. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 516A (19 U.S.C. 1516a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 517. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTERING AUTHORITY .—The term 
‘administering authority’ has the meaning given that term in section 771(1). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commissioner’ 
means the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection, acting pursuant to the delegation by the Secretary of the Treas-ury of the authority of the Secretary with re-spect to customs revenue functions (as defined in section 415 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 215)). 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED MERCHANDISE .—The term ‘cov-
ered merchandise’ means merchandise that is subject to— 
‘‘(A) an antidumping duty order issued under 
section 736; 
‘‘(B) a finding issued under the Antidumping 
Act, 1921; or 
‘‘(C) a countervailing duty order issued under 
section 706. 
‘‘(4) E
NTER; ENTRY .—The terms ‘enter’ and 
‘entry’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, of merchandise in the customs territory of the United States. 
‘‘(5) E
VASION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the term ‘evasion’ refers to en-tering covered merchandise into the customs ter-ritory of the United States by means of any doc-ument or electronically transmitted data or in-formation, written or oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash deposit or other security or any amount of applicable anti-dumping or countervailing duties being reduced or not being applied with respect to the mer-chandise. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CLERICAL ERROR .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the term ‘evasion’ does not include entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of— 
‘‘(I) a document or electronically transmitted 
data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is false as a result of a clerical error; or 
‘‘(II) an omission that results from a clerical 
error. 
‘‘(ii) P
ATTERNS OF NEGLIGENT CONDUCT .—If 
the Commissioner determines that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a cler-ical error referred to in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) and that the clerical error is part of a pattern of negligent conduct on the part of that person, the Commissioner may determine, not-withstanding clause (i), that the person has en-tered such covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(iii) E
LECTRONIC REPETITION OF ERRORS .— 
For purposes of clause (ii), the mere noninten-tional repetition by an electronic system of an initial clerical error does not constitute a pat-tern of negligent conduct. 
‘‘(iv) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A determina-
tion by the Commissioner that a person has en-tered covered merchandise into the customs ter-ritory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) rather than through evasion shall not be construed to excuse that person from the pay-ment of any duties applicable to the merchan-dise. 
‘‘(6) I
NTERESTED PARTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘interested party’ 
means— ‘‘(i) a manufacturer, producer, or wholesaler 
in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(ii) a certified union or recognized union or 
group of workers that is representative of an in-dustry engaged in the manufacture, production, or wholesale in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(iii) a trade or business association a major-
ity of whose members manufacture, produce, or wholesale a domestic like product in the United States; 
‘‘(iv) an association, a majority of whose 
members is composed of interested parties de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) with respect to a domestic like product; and 
‘‘(v) if the covered merchandise is a processed 
agricultural product, as defined in section 771(4)(E), a coalition or trade association that is representative of either— 
‘‘(I) processors; ‘‘(II) processors and producers; or ‘‘(III) processors and growers, 
but this clause shall cease to have effect if the 
United States Trade Representative notifies the administering authority and the Commission that the application of this clause is incon-sistent with the international obligations of the United States. 
‘‘(B) D
OMESTIC LIKE PRODUCT .—For purposes 
of subparagraph (A), the term ‘domestic like product’ means a product that is like, or in the absence of like, most similar in characteristics and uses with, covered merchandise. 
‘‘(b) I
NVESTIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 10 business 
days after receiving an allegation described in paragraph (2) or a referral described in para-graph (3), the Commissioner shall initiate an in-vestigation if the Commissioner determines that the information provided in the allegation or the referral, as the case may be, reasonably suggests that covered merchandise has been entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(2) A
LLEGATION DESCRIBED .—An allegation 
described in this paragraph is an allegation that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion that is— 
‘‘(A) filed with the Commissioner by an inter-
ested party; and 
‘‘(B) accompanied by information reasonably 
available to the party that filed the allegation. 
‘‘(3) R
EFERRAL DESCRIBED .—A referral de-
scribed in this paragraph is information sub-mitted to the Commissioner by any other Federal agency, including the Department of Commerce or the United States International Trade Com-mission, that reasonably suggests that a person has entered covered merchandise into the cus-toms territory of the United States through eva-sion. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSOLIDATION OF ALLEGATIONS AND RE -
FERRALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may 
consolidate multiple allegations described in paragraph (2) and referrals described in para-graph (3) into a single investigation if the Com-missioner determines it is appropriate to do so. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON TIMING REQUIREMENTS .—If 
the Commissioner consolidates multiple allega-tions or referrals into a single investigation under subparagraph (A), the date on which the Commissioner receives the first such allegation or referral shall be used for purposes of the re-quirement under paragraph (1) with respect to the timing of the initiation of the investigation. 
‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION -SHARING TO PROTECT  
HEALTH AND SAFETY .—If, during the course of 
conducting an investigation under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner has reason to suspect that such covered merchandise may pose a health or safe-ty risk to consumers, the Commissioner shall provide, as appropriate, information to the ap-propriate Federal agencies for purposes of miti-gating the risk. 
‘‘(6) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4281 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon request, the Commis-
sioner shall provide technical assistance and ad-vice to eligible small businesses to enable such businesses to prepare and submit allegations de-scribed in paragraph (2), except that the Com-missioner may deny assistance if the Commis-sioner concludes that the allegation, if sub-mitted, would not lead to the initiation of an in-vestigation under this subsection or any other action to address the allegation. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS DEFINED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘eligible small business’ means any business con-cern that the Commissioner determines, due to its small size, has neither adequate internal re-sources nor the financial ability to obtain quali-fied outside assistance in preparing and filing allegations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(ii) N
ON-REVIEWABILITY .—The determination 
of the Commissioner regarding whether a busi-ness concern is an eligible small business for purposes of this paragraph is not reviewable by any other agency or by any court. 
‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 calendar 
days after the date on which the Commissioner initiates an investigation under subsection (b) with respect to covered merchandise, the Com-missioner shall make a determination, based on substantial evidence, with respect to whether such covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO COLLECT AND VERIFY ADDI -
TIONAL INFORMATION .—In making a determina-
tion under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner may collect such additional information as is necessary to make the determination through such methods as the Commissioner considers appropriate, including by— 
‘‘(A) issuing a questionnaire with respect to 
such covered merchandise to— 
‘‘(i) an interested party that filed an allega-
tion under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with re-spect to such covered merchandise; 
‘‘(ii) a person alleged to have entered such 
covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
‘‘(iii) a person that is a foreign producer or 
exporter of such covered merchandise; or 
‘‘(iv) the government of a country from which 
such covered merchandise was exported; and 
‘‘(B) conducting verifications, including on- 
site verifications, of any relevant information. 
‘‘(3) A
DVERSE INFERENCE .—If the Commis-
sioner finds that a party or person described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of paragraph (2)(A) has failed to cooperate by not acting to the best of the party or person’s ability to comply with a request for information, the Commissioner may, in making a determination under paragraph (1), use an inference that is adverse to the interests of that party or person in selecting from among the facts otherwise available to make the deter-mination. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 5 business 
days after making a determination under para-graph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner— 
‘‘(A) shall provide to each interested party 
that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered mer-chandise a notification of the determination and may, in addition, include an explanation of the basis for the determination; and 
‘‘(B) may provide to importers, in such man-
ner as the Commissioner determines appropriate, information discovered in the investigation that the Commissioner determines will help educate importers with respect to importing merchandise into the customs territory of the United States in accordance with all applicable laws and regula-tions. ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Commissioner makes 
a determination under subsection (c) that cov-ered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(A)(i) suspend the liquidation of unliqui-
dated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that enter on or after the date of the initiation of the in-vestigation under subsection (b) with respect to such covered merchandise and on or before the date of the determination; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already sus-
pended the liquidation of such entries pursuant to subsection (e)(1), continue to suspend the liq-uidation of such entries; 
‘‘(B) pursuant to the Commissioner’s author-
ity under section 504(b)— 
‘‘(i) extend the period for liquidating unliqui-
dated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that en-tered before the date of the initiation of the in-vestigation; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already extended 
the period for liquidating such entries pursuant to subsection (e)(1), continue to extend the pe-riod for liquidating such entries; 
‘‘(C) notify the administering authority of the 
determination and request that the admin-istering authority— 
‘‘(i) identify the applicable antidumping or 
countervailing duty assessment rates for entries described in subparagraphs (A) and (B); or 
‘‘(ii) if no such assessment rate for such an 
entry is available at the time, identify the appli-cable cash deposit rate to be applied to the entry, with the applicable antidumping or coun-tervailing duty assessment rate to be provided as soon as that rate becomes available; 
‘‘(D) require the posting of cash deposits and 
assess duties on entries described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) in accordance with the in-structions received from the administering au-thority under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(E) take such additional enforcement meas-
ures as the Commissioner determines appro-priate, such as— 
‘‘(i) initiating proceedings under section 592 or 
596; 
‘‘(ii) implementing, in consultation with the 
relevant Federal agencies, rule sets or modifica-tions to rules sets for identifying, particularly through the Automated Targeting System and the Automated Commercial Environment au-thorized under section 13031(f) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)), importers, other parties, and merchandise that may be associated with evasion; 
‘‘(iii) requiring, with respect to merchandise 
for which the importer has repeatedly provided incomplete or erroneous entry summary infor-mation in connection with determinations of evasion, the importer to deposit estimated duties at the time of entry; and 
‘‘(iv) referring the record in whole or in part 
to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for civil or criminal investigation. 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATION OF ADMINISTERING AUTHOR -
ITY.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a notifica-
tion from the Commissioner under paragraph (1)(C), the administering authority shall promptly provide to the Commissioner the appli-cable cash deposit rates and antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rates and any necessary liquidation instructions. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CASES IN WHICH THE  
PRODUCER OR EXPORTER IS UNKNOWN .—If the 
Commissioner and the administering authority are unable to determine the producer or exporter of the merchandise with respect to which a noti-fication is made under paragraph (1)(C), the ad-ministering authority shall identify, as the ap-plicable cash deposit rate or antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rate, the cash deposit or duty (as the case may be) in the high-est amount applicable to any producer or ex-
porter, including the ‘all-others’ rate of the mer-chandise subject to an antidumping order or countervailing duty order under section 736 or 706, respectively, or a finding issued under the Antidumping Act, 1921, or any administrative review conducted under section 751. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERIM MEASURES .—Not later than 90 
calendar days after initiating an investigation under subsection (b) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner shall decide based on the investigation if there is a reason-able suspicion that such covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion and, if the Com-missioner decides there is such a reasonable sus-picion, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(1) suspend the liquidation of each unliqui-
dated entry of such covered merchandise that entered on or after the date of the initiation of the investigation; 
‘‘(2) pursuant to the Commissioner’s authority 
under section 504(b), extend the period for liqui-dating each unliquidated entry of such covered merchandise that entered before the date of the initiation of the investigation; and 
‘‘(3) pursuant to the Commissioner’s authority 
under section 623, take such additional meas-ures as the Commissioner determines necessary to protect the revenue of the United States, in-cluding requiring a single transaction bond or additional security or the posting of a cash de-posit with respect to such covered merchandise. 
‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 business 
days after the Commissioner makes a determina-tion under subsection (c) with respect to wheth-er covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, a person determined to have entered such covered merchandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that re-sulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may file an appeal with the Commissioner for de novo review of the determination. 
‘‘(2) T
IMELINE FOR REVIEW .—Not later than 60 
business days after an appeal of a determina-tion is filed under paragraph (1), the Commis-sioner shall complete the review of the deter-
mination. 
‘‘(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 business 
days after the Commissioner completes a review under subsection (f) of a determination under subsection (c) with respect to whether covered merchandise was entered into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion, a person determined to have entered such covered merchandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initi-ation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may commence a civil action in the United States Court of International Trade by filing concurrently a summons and complaint contesting any factual findings or legal conclu-sions upon which the determination is based. 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—In a civil action 
under this subsection, the court shall hold un-lawful any determination, finding, or conclu-sion found to be arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law. 
‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITHRESPECT  
TOOTHER CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS  
AND INVESTIGATIONS .—No determination under 
subsection (c) or action taken by the Commis-sioner pursuant to this section shall be con-strued to limit the authority to carry out, or the scope of, any other proceeding or investigation pursuant to any other provision of Federal or State law, including sections 592 and 596.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1581(c) 
of title 28, United States Code, is amended by in-serting ‘‘or 517’’ after ‘‘516A’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4282 June 12, 2015 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by this sec-tion. 
(e) A
PPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO .— 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North American Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agreement Imple-mentation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
SEC. 403. ANNUAL REPORT ON PREVENTION AND 
INVESTIGATION OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER-VAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 15 of 
each calendar year that begins on or after the date that is 270 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commissioner, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Commerce and the Di-rector of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on the efforts being taken to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) for the calendar year preceding the sub-
mission of the report— 
(A) a summary of the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to prevent and inves-tigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(B) the number of allegations of evasion re-
ceived under subsection (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 402 of this Act, and the number of such allegations re-sulting in investigations by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other agency; 
(C) a summary of investigations initiated 
under subsection (b) of such section 517, includ-ing— 
(i) the number and nature of the investiga-
tions initiated, conducted, and completed; and 
(ii) the resolution of each completed investiga-
tion; 
(D) the number of investigations initiated 
under that subsection not completed during the time provided for making determinations under subsection (c) of such section 517 and an expla-nation for why the investigations could not be completed on time; 
(E) the amount of additional duties that were 
determined to be owed as a result of such inves-tigations, the amount of such duties that were collected, and, for any such duties not collected, a description of the reasons those duties were not collected; 
(F) with respect to each such investigation 
that led to the imposition of a penalty, the amount of the penalty; 
(G) an identification of the countries of origin 
of covered merchandise determined under sub-section (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(H) the amount of antidumping and counter-
vailing duties collected as a result of any inves-tigations or other actions by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other agency; 
(I) a description of the allocation of personnel 
and other resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prevent and investigate evasion, 
including any assessments conducted regarding the allocation of such personnel and resources; and 
(J) a description of training conducted to in-
crease expertise and effectiveness in the preven-tion and investigation of evasion; and (2) a description of processes and procedures 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to pre-vent and investigate evasion, including— 
(A) the specific guidelines, policies, and prac-
tices used by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure that allegations of evasion are promptly evaluated and acted upon in a timely manner; 
(B) an evaluation of the efficacy of those 
guidelines, policies, and practices; 
(C) an identification of any changes since the 
last report required by this section, if any, that have materially improved or reduced the effec-tiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in preventing and investigating evasion; 
(D) a description of the development and im-
plementation of policies for the application of single entry and continuous bonds for entries of covered merchandise to sufficiently protect the collection of antidumping and countervailing duties commensurate with the level of risk of not collecting those duties; 
(E) a description of the processes and proce-
dures for increased cooperation and information sharing with the Department of Commerce, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and any other relevant Federal agencies to prevent and investigate evasion; and 
(F) an identification of any recommended pol-
icy changes for other Federal agencies or legis-lative changes to improve the effectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in pre-venting and investigating evasion. 
(c) P
UBLIC SUMMARY .—The Commissioner 
shall make available to the public a summary of the report required by subsection (a) that in-cludes, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of the type of merchandise 
with respect to which investigations were initi-ated under subsection (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 402 of this Act; 
(2) the amount of additional duties determined 
to be owed as a result of such investigations and the amount of such duties that were collected; 
(3) an identification of the countries of origin 
of covered merchandise determined under sub-section (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; and 
(4) a description of the types of measures used 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to pre-vent and investigate evasion. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered merchandise’’ and ‘‘evasion’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 517(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 402 of this Act. 
TITLE V—AMENDMENTS TO ANTIDUMPING 
AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
SEC. 501. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO CO-
OPERATE WITH A REQUEST FOR IN-FORMATION IN A PROCEEDING. 
Section 776 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 
1677e) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respec-tively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(B) by striking ‘‘A
DVERSE INFERENCES .—If’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘A DVERSE INFER-
ENCES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘under this title, may use’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘under this title— 
‘‘(A) may use’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘facts otherwise available. 
Such adverse inference may include’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘facts otherwise available; and 
‘‘(B) is not required to determine, or make any 
adjustments to, a countervailable subsidy rate or weighted average dumping margin based on any assumptions about information the inter-ested party would have provided if the inter-ested party had complied with the request for information. ‘‘(2) P
OTENTIAL SOURCES OF INFORMATION FOR  
ADVERSE INFERENCES .—An adverse inference 
under paragraph (1)(A) may include’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘C
ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .—When the’’ and insert-
ing the following: ‘‘C ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), when the’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The administrative author-
ity and the Commission shall not be required to corroborate any dumping margin or counter-vailing duty applied in a separate segment of the same proceeding.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
UBSIDY RATES AND DUMPING MARGINS IN  
ADVERSE INFERENCE DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority uses an inference that is adverse to the interests of a party under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts otherwise available, the administering authority may— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a countervailing duty pro-
ceeding— 
‘‘(i) use a countervailable subsidy rate applied 
for the same or similar program in a counter-vailing duty proceeding involving the same country, or 
‘‘(ii) if there is no same or similar program, 
use a countervailable subsidy rate for a subsidy program from a proceeding that the admin-istering authority considers reasonable to use, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of an antidumping duty pro-
ceeding, use any dumping margin from any seg-ment of the proceeding under the applicable antidumping order. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION TO APPLY HIGHEST RATE .—In 
carrying out paragraph (1), the administering authority may apply any of the countervailable subsidy rates or dumping margins specified under that paragraph, including the highest such rate or margin, based on the evaluation by the administering authority of the situation that resulted in the administering authority using an adverse inference in selecting among the facts otherwise available. 
‘‘(3) N
O OBLIGATION TO MAKE CERTAIN ESTI -
MATES OR ADDRESS CERTAIN CLAIMS .—If the ad-
ministering authority uses an adverse inference under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts otherwise available, the administering authority is not required, for purposes of sub-section (c) or for any other purpose— 
‘‘(A) to estimate what the countervailable sub-
sidy rate or dumping margin would have been if the interested party found to have failed to co-operate under subsection (b)(1) had cooperated, or 
‘‘(B) to demonstrate that the countervailable 
subsidy rate or dumping margin used by the ad-ministering authority reflects an alleged com-mercial reality of the interested party.’’. 
SEC. 502. DEFINITION OF MATERIAL INJURY. 
(a) E FFECT OF PROFITABILITY OF DOMESTIC  
INDUSTRIES .—Section 771(7) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) E
FFECT OF PROFITABILITY .—The Commis-
sion shall not determine that there is no mate-rial injury or threat of material injury to an in-dustry in the United States merely because that industry is profitable or because the perform-ance of that industry has recently improved.’’. 
(b) E
VALUATION OF IMPACT ON DOMESTIC IN-
DUSTRY IN DETERMINATION OF MATERIAL IN-
JURY.—Subclause (I) of section 771(7)(C)(iii) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) actual and potential decline in output, 
sales, market share, gross profits, operating profits, net profits, ability to service debt, pro-ductivity, return on investments, return on as-sets, and utilization of capacity,’’. 
(c) C
APTIVE PRODUCTION .—Section 
771(7)(C)(iv) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iv)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4283 June 12, 2015 
(1) in subclause (I), by striking the comma 
and inserting ‘‘, and’’; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and 
inserting a comma; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 503. PARTICULAR MARKET SITUATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ORDINARY COURSE OF  
TRADE .—Section 771(15) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677(15)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Situations in which the administering 
authority determines that the particular market situation prevents a proper comparison with the export price or constructed export price.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF NORMAL VALUE.—Section 
773(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘in such other country.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTED VALUE.—Sec-
tion 773(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘business’’ 
and inserting ‘‘trade’’; and 
(2) By striking the flush text at the end and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘For purposes of paragraph (1), if a particular 
market situation exists such that the cost of ma-terials and fabrication or other processing of any kind does not accurately reflect the cost of production in the ordinary course of trade, the administering authority may use another cal-culation methodology under this subtitle or any other calculation methodology. For purposes of paragraph (1), the cost of materials shall be de-termined without regard to any internal tax in the exporting country imposed on such materials or their disposition that is remitted or refunded upon exportation of the subject merchandise produced from such materials.’’. 
SEC. 504. DISTORTION OF PRICES OR COSTS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION OF BELOW -COST SALES.— 
Section 773(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(b)(2)) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) R
EASONABLE GROUNDS TO BELIEVE OR  
SUSPECT .— 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—In a review conducted under 
section 751 involving a specific exporter, there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that are less than the cost of produc-tion of the product if the administering author-ity disregarded some or all of the exporter’s sales pursuant to paragraph (1) in the investigation or, if a review has been completed, in the most recently completed review. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—In an in-
vestigation initiated under section 732 or a re-view conducted under section 751, the admin-istering authority shall request information nec-essary to calculate the constructed value and cost of production under subsections (e) and (f) to determine whether there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that represent less than the cost of production of the product.’’. 
(b) P
RICES AND COSTS IN NONMARKET ECONO -
MIES.—Section 773(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) D
ISCRETION TO DISREGARD CERTAIN PRICE  
OR COST VALUES .—In valuing the factors of pro-
duction under paragraph (1) for the subject mer-chandise, the administering authority may dis-regard price or cost values without further in-vestigation if the administering authority has determined that broadly available export sub-sidies existed or particular instances of sub-sidization occurred with respect to those price or cost values or if those price or cost values were subject to an antidumping order.’’. 
SEC. 505. REDUCTION IN BURDEN ON DEPART-
MENT OF COMMERCE BY REDUCING THE NUMBER OF VOLUNTARY RE-SPONDENTS. 
Section 782(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677m(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(3) by striking ‘‘I
NVESTIGATIONS AND RE-
VIEWS .—In’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘I N-
VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (3), by amending subparagraph (B), as re-designated by paragraph (2), to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) the number of exporters or producers 
subject to the investigation or review is not so large that any additional individual examina-tion of such exporters or producers would be un-duly burdensome to the administering authority and inhibit the timely completion of the inves-tigation or review.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF UNDULY BURDEN -
SOME .—In determining if an individual exam-
ination under paragraph (1)(B) would be un-duly burdensome, the administering authority may consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The complexity of the issues or informa-
tion presented in the proceeding, including questionnaires and any responses thereto. 
‘‘(B) Any prior experience of the admin-
istering authority in the same or similar pro-ceeding. 
‘‘(C) The total number of investigations under 
subtitle A or B and reviews under section 751 being conducted by the administering authority as of the date of the determination. 
‘‘(D) Such other factors relating to the timely 
completion of each such investigation and re-view as the administering authority considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 506. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agreement Im-plementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amend-ments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL TRADE ENFORCE-
MENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS PROTECTION 
Subtitle A—Trade Enforcement 
SEC. 601. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2420) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 310. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
‘‘(a) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES , CON-
SULTATIONS , ANDREPORT .— 
‘‘(1) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES CON -
SULTATIONS .—Not later than May 31 of each cal-
endar year that begins after the date of the en-actment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the United States Trade Representative (in this section referred to as the ‘Trade Representative’) shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the prioritization of acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments that raise concerns with re-spect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or otherwise create or maintain barriers to United States goods, serv-ices, or investment. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION OF TRADE ENFORCEMENT  
PRIORITIES .—In identifying acts, policies, or 
practices of foreign governments as trade en-forcement priorities under this subsection, the United States Trade Representative shall focus on those acts, policies, and practices the elimi-nation of which is likely to have the most sig-nificant potential to increase United States eco-nomic growth, and take into account all rel-evant factors, including— ‘‘(A) the economic significance of any poten-
tial inconsistency between an obligation as-sumed by a foreign government pursuant to a trade agreement to which both the foreign gov-ernment and the United States are parties and the acts, policies, or practices of that govern-ment; 
‘‘(B) the impact of the acts, policies, or prac-
tices of a foreign government on maintaining and creating United States jobs and productive capacity; 
‘‘(C) the major barriers and trade distorting 
practices described in the most recent National Trade Estimate required under section 181(b); 
‘‘(D) the major barriers and trade distorting 
practices described in other relevant reports ad-dressing international trade and investment bar-riers prepared by a Federal agency or congres-sional commission during the 12 months pre-ceding the date of the most recent report under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(E) a foreign government’s compliance with 
its obligations under any trade agreements to which both the foreign government and the United States are parties; 
‘‘(F) the implications of a foreign govern-
ment’s procurement plans and policies; and 
‘‘(G) the international competitive position 
and export potential of United States products and services. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT ON TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIOR -
ITIES AND ACTIONS TAKEN TO ADDRESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than July 31 of 
each calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Trade Rep-resentative shall report to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives on acts, policies, or practices of foreign govern-ments identified as trade enforcement priorities based on the consultations under paragraph (1) and the criteria set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT IN SUBSEQUENT YEARS .—The 
Trade Representative shall include, when re-porting under subparagraph (A) in any cal-endar year after the calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, a description of actions taken to address any acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments identified as trade enforcement priorities under this subsection in the calendar year preceding that report and, as relevant, any year before that calendar year. 
‘‘(b) S
EMIANNUAL ENFORCEMENT CONSULTA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—At the same time as the re-
porting under subsection (a)(3), and not later than January 31 of each following year, the Trade Representative shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the identifica-tion, prioritization, investigation, and resolution of acts, policies, or practices of foreign govern-ments of concern with respect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or that otherwise create or maintain trade bar-riers. 
‘‘(2) A
CTS, POLICIES , OR PRACTICES OF CON -
CERN.—The semiannual enforcement consulta-
tions required by paragraph (1) shall address acts, policies, or practices of foreign govern-ments that raise concerns with respect to obliga-tions under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or otherwise create or maintain trade barriers, including— 
‘‘(A) engagement with relevant trading part-
ners; 
‘‘(B) strategies for addressing such concerns; ‘‘(C) availability and deployment of resources 
to be used in the investigation or resolution of such concerns; 
‘‘(D) the merits of any potential dispute reso-
lution proceeding under the WTO Agreements or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4284 June 12, 2015 
any other trade agreement to which the United 
States is a party relating to such concerns; and 
‘‘(E) any other aspects of such concerns. ‘‘(3) A
CTIVE INVESTIGATIONS .—The semiannual 
enforcement consultations required by para-graph (1) shall address acts, policies, or prac-tices that the Trade Representative is actively investigating with respect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agree-ment to which the United States is a party, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) strategies for addressing concerns raised 
by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(B) any relevant timeline with respect to in-
vestigation of such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(C) the merits of any potential dispute reso-
lution proceeding under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to such acts, poli-cies, or practices; 
‘‘(D) barriers to the advancement of the inves-
tigation of such acts, policies, or practices; and 
‘‘(E) any other matters relating to the inves-
tigation of such acts, policies, or practices. 
‘‘(4) O
NGOING ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS .—The 
semiannual enforcement consultations required by paragraph (1) shall address all ongoing en-forcement actions taken by or against the United States with respect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agree-ment to which the United States is a party, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) any relevant timeline with respect to 
such actions; 
‘‘(B) the merits of such actions; ‘‘(C) any prospective implementation actions; ‘‘(D) potential implications for any law or reg-
ulation of the United States; 
‘‘(E) potential implications for United States 
stakeholders, domestic competitors, and export-ers; and 
‘‘(F) other issues relating to such actions. ‘‘(5) E
NFORCEMENT RESOURCES .—The semi-
annual enforcement consultations required by paragraph (1) shall address the availability and deployment of enforcement resources, resource constraints on monitoring and enforcement ac-tivities, and strategies to address those con-straints, including the use of available resources of other Federal agencies to enhance monitoring and enforcement capabilities. 
‘‘(c) I
NVESTIGATION AND RESOLUTION .—In the 
case of any acts, policies, or practices of a for-eign government identified as a trade enforce-ment priority under subsection (a), the Trade Representative shall, not later than the date of the first semiannual enforcement consultations held under subsection (b) after the identification of the priority, take appropriate action to ad-dress that priority, including— 
‘‘(1) engagement with the foreign government 
to resolve concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(2) initiation of an investigation under sec-
tion 302(b)(1) with respect to such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(3) initiation of negotiations for a bilateral 
agreement that provides for resolution of con-cerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; or 
‘‘(4) initiation of dispute settlement pro-
ceedings under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to such acts, poli-cies, or practices. 
‘‘(d) E
NFORCEMENT NOTIFICATIONS AND CON-
SULTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIATION OF ENFORCEMENT ACTION .— 
The Trade Representative shall notify and con-sult with the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of ini-tiation of any formal trade dispute by or against the United States taken in regard to an obliga-tion under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party. With respect to a formal trade dispute against the United States, if advance notifica-tion and consultation are not possible, the 
Trade Representative shall notify and consult at the earliest practicable opportunity after initi-ation of the dispute. 
‘‘(2) C
IRCULATION OF REPORTS .—The Trade 
Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of the announced or anticipated circulation of any report of a dis-pute settlement panel or the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization or of a dispute settlement panel under any other trade agree-ment to which the United States is a party with respect to a formal trade dispute by or against the United States. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) WTO.—The term ‘WTO’ means the World 
Trade Organization. 
‘‘(2) WTO AGREEMENT .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreement’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
‘‘(3) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreements’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by striking the item relating to section 310 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 310. Trade enforcement priorities.’’. 
SEC. 602. EXERCISE OF WTO AUTHORIZATION TO 
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS UNDER TRADE AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 306 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2416) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) E XERCISE OF WTO A UTHORIZATION TO 
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGA -
TIONS .—If— 
‘‘(1) action has terminated pursuant to section 
307(c), 
‘‘(2) the petitioner or any representative of the 
domestic industry that would benefit from rein-statement of action has submitted to the Trade Representative a written request for reinstate-ment of action, and 
‘‘(3) the Trade Representative has completed 
the requirements of subsection (d) and section 307(c)(3), 
the Trade Representative may at any time deter-
mine to take action under section 301(c) to exer-cise an authorization to suspend concessions or other obligations under Article 22 of the Under-standing on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of Disputes (referred to in section 101(d)(16) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(16))).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 1 of 
title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 301(c)(1) (19 U.S.C. 2411(c)(1)), in 
the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by in-serting ‘‘or section 306(c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; 
(2) in section 306(b) (19 U.S.C. 2416(b)), in the 
subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
URTHER AC-
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTION ON THE BASIS OF  
MONITORING ’’; 
(3) in section 306(d) (19 U.S.C. 2416(d)), as re-
designated by subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘or (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and 
(4) in section 307(c)(3) (19 U.S.C. 2417(c)(3)), 
by inserting ‘‘or if a request is submitted to the Trade Representative under 306(c)(2) to rein-state action,’’ after ‘‘under section 301,’’. 
SEC. 603. TRADE MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title II of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 205. TRADE MONITORING. 
‘‘(a) M ONITORING TOOL FOR IMPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the United States International Trade Commis-
sion shall make available on a website of the Commission an import monitoring tool to allow the public access to data on the volume and value of goods imported into the United States for the purpose of assessing whether such data has changed with respect to such goods over a period of time. 
‘‘(2) D
ATA DESCRIBED .—For purposes of the 
monitoring tool under paragraph (1), the Com-mission shall use data compiled by the Depart-ment of Commerce and such other government data as the Commission considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIODS OF TIME .—The Commission shall 
ensure that data accessed through the moni-toring tool under paragraph (1) includes data for the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quarters as the Com-mission considers practicable. 
‘‘(b) M
ONITORING REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this section, and not less frequently than quarterly there-after, the Secretary of Commerce shall publish on a website of the Department of Commerce, and notify the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives of the avail-ability of, a monitoring report on changes in the volume and value of trade with respect to im-ports and exports of goods categorized based on the 6-digit subheading number of the goods under the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States during the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quarters as the Secretary considers practicable. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS FOR COMMENT .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Commerce shall solicit through the Federal Register public comment on the monitoring reports described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this 
section terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 204 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 205. Trade monitoring.’’. 
SEC. 604. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERAGENCY 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title I of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 142. INTERAGENCY TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
CENTER. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CENTER .—There is es-
tablished in the Office of the United States Trade Representative an Interagency Trade En-forcement Center (in this section referred to as the ‘Center’). 
‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS OF CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Center shall— 
‘‘(A) serve as the primary forum within the 
Federal Government for the Office of the United States Trade Representative and other agencies to coordinate the enforcement of United States trade rights under international trade agree-ments and the enforcement of United States trade remedy laws; 
‘‘(B) coordinate among the Office of the 
United States Trade Representative and other agencies with responsibilities relating to trade the exchange of information related to potential violations of international trade agreements by foreign trading partners of the United States; and 
‘‘(C) conduct outreach to United States work-
ers, businesses, and other interested persons to foster greater participation in the identification and reduction or elimination of foreign trade barriers and unfair foreign trade practices. 
‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION OF TRADE ENFORCEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Center shall coordi-
nate matters relating to the enforcement of United States trade rights under international 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4285 June 12, 2015 
trade agreements and the enforcement of United 
States trade remedy laws among the Office of the United States Trade Representative and the following agencies: 
‘‘(i) The Department of State. ‘‘(ii) The Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(iii) The Department of Justice. ‘‘(iv) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(v) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(vi) The Department of Homeland Security. ‘‘(vii) Such other agencies as the President, or 
the United States Trade Representative, may designate. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATIONS ON INTELLECTUAL PROP -
ERTY RIGHTS .—In matters relating to the en-
forcement of United States trade rights involv-ing intellectual property rights, the Center shall consult with the Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator appointed pursuant to section 301 of the Prioritizing Resources and Organiza-tion for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (15 U.S.C. 8111). 
‘‘(c) P
ERSONNEL .— 
‘‘(1) D IRECTOR .—The head of the Center shall 
be the Director, who shall— 
‘‘(A) be appointed by the United States Trade 
Representative from among full-time senior-level officials of the Office of the United States Trade Representative; and 
‘‘(B) report to the Trade Representative. ‘‘(2) D
EPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in the 
Center a Deputy Director, who shall— 
‘‘(A) be appointed by the Secretary of Com-
merce from among full-time senior-level officials of the Department of Commerce and detailed to the Center; and 
‘‘(B) report directly to the Director. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL EMPLOYEES .—The agencies 
specified in subsection (b)(2)(A) may, in con-sultation with the Director, detail or assign their employees to the Center without reimburse-ment to support the functions of the Center. 
‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATION .—Funding and adminis-
trative support for the Center shall be provided by the Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Director shall submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the actions taken by the Center in the preceding year with respect to the enforcement of United States trade rights under international trade agreements and the enforce-ment of United States trade remedy laws. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) U NITED STATES TRADE REMEDY LAWS .— 
The term ‘United States trade remedy laws’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) Chapter 1 of title II of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.). 
‘‘(B) Chapter 1 of title III of that Act (19 
U.S.C. 2411 et seq.). 
‘‘(C) Sections 406 and 421 of that Act (19 
U.S.C. 2436 and 2451). 
‘‘(D) Sections 332 and 337 of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332 and 1337). 
‘‘(E) Investigations initiated by the admin-
istering authority (as defined in section 771 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 1677)) under title VII of that Act (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.). 
‘‘(F) Section 281 of the Uruguay Round Agree-
ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3571). 
‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES TRADE RIGHTS .—The term 
‘United States trade rights’ means any right, benefit, or advantage to which the United States is entitled under an international trade agree-ment and that could be effectuated through the use of a dispute settlement proceeding.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 141 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 142. Interagency Trade Enforcement Cen-
ter.’’. SEC. 605. ESTABLISHMENT OF CHIEF MANUFAC-
TURING NEGOTIATOR. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF POSITION .—Section 
141(b)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) There shall be in the Office 3 Deputy 
United States Trade Representatives, one Chief Agricultural Negotiator, and one Chief Manu-facturing Negotiator, who shall all be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. As an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, any nomina-tion of a Deputy United States Trade Represent-ative, the Chief Agricultural Negotiator, or the Chief Manufacturing Negotiator submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent, and re-ferred to a committee, shall be referred to the Committee on Finance. Each Deputy United States Trade Representative, the Chief Agricul-tural Negotiator, and the Chief Manufacturing Negotiator shall hold office at the pleasure of the President and shall have the rank of Ambas-sador.’’. 
(b) F
UNCTIONS OF POSITION .—Section 141(c) of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(c)) is amended— 
(1) by moving paragraph (5) 2 ems to the left; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) The principal function of the Chief 
Manufacturing Negotiator shall be to conduct trade negotiations and to enforce trade agree-ments relating to United States manufacturing products and services. The Chief Manufacturing Negotiator shall be a vigorous advocate on be-half of United States manufacturing interests and shall perform such other functions as the United States Trade Representative may direct. 
‘‘(B) Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Chief Manufacturing Negotiator shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the actions taken by the Chief Manufacturing Nego-tiator in the preceding year.’’. 
(c) C
OMPENSATION .—Section 5314 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator.’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the 
United States Trade Representative. 
‘‘Chief Manufacturing Negotiator, Office of 
the United States Trade Representative.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 141(e) 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘5314’’ and 
inserting ‘‘5315’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the max-
imum rate of pay for grade GS–18, as provided in section 5332’’ and inserting ‘‘the maximum rate of pay for level IV of the Executive Sched-ule in section 5315’’. 
SEC. 606. ENFORCEMENT UNDER TITLE III OF 
THE TRADE ACT OF 1974 WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN ACTS, POLICIES, AND PRACTICES RELATING TO THE ENVIRONMENT. 
Section 301(d)(3)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2411(d)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii)(V), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) constitutes a persistent pattern of con-
duct by the government of the foreign country under which that government— 
‘‘(I) fails to effectively enforce the environ-
mental laws of the foreign country, 
‘‘(II) waives or otherwise derogates from the 
environmental laws of the foreign country or weakens the protections afforded by such laws, 
‘‘(III) fails to provide for judicial or adminis-
trative proceedings giving access to remedies for violations of the environmental laws of the for-eign country, ‘‘(IV) fails to provide appropriate and effec-
tive sanctions or remedies for violations of the environmental laws of the foreign country, or 
‘‘(V) fails to effectively enforce environmental 
commitments under agreements to which the for-eign country and the United States are a party.’’. 
SEC. 607. TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in 
the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), consisting of amounts transferred to the Trust Fund under subsection (b) and any amounts that may be credited to the Trust Fund under subsection (c). 
(b) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall transfer to the Trust Fund, from the general fund of the Treasury, for each fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act, an amount equal to $15,000,000 (or a lesser amount as required pur-suant to paragraph (2)) of the antidumping du-ties and countervailing duties received in the Treasury for such fiscal year. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount in the 
Trust Fund at any time may not exceed $30,000,000. 
(3) F
REQUENCY OF TRANSFERS ; ADJUSTMENTS .— 
(A) F REQUENCY OF TRANSFERS .—The Secretary 
shall transfer amounts required to be trans-ferred to the Trust Fund under paragraph (1) not less frequently than quarterly from the gen-eral fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund on the basis of estimates made by the Secretary. 
(B) A
DJUSTMENTS .—The Secretary shall make 
proper adjustments in amounts subsequently transferred to the Trust Fund to the extent prior estimates were in excess of or less than the amounts required to be transferred to the Trust Fund. 
(c) I
NVESTMENT OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I NVESTMENT OF AMOUNTS .—The Secretary 
shall invest such portion of the Trust Fund as is not required to meet current withdrawals in interest-bearing obligations of the United States or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. 
(2) I
NTEREST AND PROCEEDS .—The interest on, 
and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in Trust Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Trust Fund. 
(d) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS FROM TRUST 
FUND.— 
(1) E NFORCEMENT .—The United States Trade 
Representative may use the amounts in the Trust fund to carry out any of the following: 
(A) To seek to enforce the provisions of and 
commitments and obligations under the WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party and resolve any ac-tions by foreign countries that are inconsistent with those provisions, commitments, and obliga-tions. 
(B) To monitor the implementation by foreign 
countries of the provisions of and commitments and obligations under free trade agreements to which the United States is a party for purposes of systematically assessing, identifying, inves-tigating, or initiating steps to address inconsist-encies with those provisions, commitments, and obligations. 
(C) To thoroughly investigate and respond to 
petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2412) requesting that action be taken under section 301 of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2411). 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSISTANCE AND CAPACITY  
BUILDING .—The United States Trade Represent-
ative, the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, the Secretary of Labor, and such heads of other Federal agencies as the President considers appropriate may use the amounts in the Trust Fund to carry out any of the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4286 June 12, 2015 
(A) To ensure capacity-building efforts under-
taken by the United States pursuant to any free trade agreement to which the United States is a party prioritize and give special attention to the timely, consistent, and robust implementation of the intellectual property, labor, and environ-mental commitments and obligations of any party to that free trade agreement. 
(B) To ensure capacity-building efforts under-
taken by the United States pursuant to any such free trade agreement are self-sustaining and promote local ownership. 
(C) To ensure capacity-building efforts under-
taken by the United States pursuant to any such free trade agreement include performance indicators against which the progress and obsta-cles for the implementation of commitments and obligations described in subparagraph (A) can be identified and assessed within a meaningful time frame. 
(D) To monitor and evaluate the capacity- 
building efforts of the United States under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C). 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Amounts made available in 
the Trust Fund may not be used for negotiations for any free trade agreement to be entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the entry into force of any free trade agreement entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representa-tive, the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, the Secretary of Labor, and any other head of a Federal agency who has used amounts in the Trust Fund in connection with that agreement, shall each submit to Congress a report on the actions taken by that official under subsection (d) in connection with that agreement. 
(f) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study that in-cludes the following: 
(A) A comprehensive analysis of the trade en-
forcement expenditures of each Federal agency with responsibilities relating to trade that speci-fies, with respect to each such Federal agency— 
(i) the amounts appropriated for trade en-
forcement; and 
(ii) the number of full-time employees carrying 
out activities relating to trade enforcement. 
(B) Recommendations on the additional em-
ployees and resources that each such Federal agency may need to effectively enforce the free trade agreements to which the United States is a party. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A NTIDUMPING DUTY .—The term ‘‘anti-
dumping duty’’ means an antidumping duty im-posed under section 731 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673). 
(2) C
OUNTERVAILING DUTY .—The term ‘‘coun-
tervailing duty’’ means a countervailing duty imposed under section 701 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671). 
(3) WTO.—The term ‘‘WTO’’ means the World 
Trade Organization. 
(4) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘WTO Agree-
ment’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
(5) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘‘WTO 
Agreements’’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement. 
SEC. 608. HONEY TRANSSHIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall di-
rect appropriate personnel and resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to address con-cerns that honey is being imported into the United States in violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. (b) C
OUNTRY OF ORIGIN .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall com-
pile a database of the individual characteristics of honey produced in foreign countries to facili-tate the verification of country of origin mark-ings of imported honey. 
(2) E
NGAGEMENT WITH FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENTS .—The Commissioner shall seek to engage 
the customs agencies of foreign governments for assistance in compiling the database described in paragraph (1). 
(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH INDUSTRY .—In com-
piling the database described in paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall consult with entities in the honey industry regarding the development of industry standards for honey identification. 
(4) C
ONSULTATION WITH FOOD AND DRUG AD -
MINISTRATION .—In compiling the database de-
scribed in paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall consult with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to Congress a re-port that— 
(1) describes and assesses the limitations in 
the existing analysis capabilities of laboratories with respect to determining the country of ori-gin of honey samples or the percentage of honey contained in a sample; and 
(2) includes any recommendations of the Com-
missioner for improving such capabilities. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should promptly establish a national standard of identity for honey for the Commis-sioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use to ensure that imports of honey are— 
(1) classified accurately for purposes of assess-
ing duties; and 
(2) denied entry into the United States if such 
imports pose a threat to the health or safety of consumers in the United States. 
SEC. 609. INCLUSION OF INTEREST IN CERTAIN 
DISTRIBUTIONS OF ANTIDUMPING DUTIES AND COUNTERVAILING DU-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall deposit all interest described in subsection (c) into the special account estab-lished under section 754(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c(e)) (repealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)) for inclusion in distributions described in subsection (b) made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTIONS DESCRIBED .—Distributions 
described in this subsection are distributions of antidumping duties and countervailing duties assessed on or after October 1, 2000, that are made under section 754 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c) (repealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)), with respect to en-tries of merchandise— 
(1) made on or before September 30, 2007; and (2) that were, in accordance with section 822 
of the Claims Resolution Act of 2010 (19 U.S.C. 1675c note), unliquidated, not in litigation, and not under an order of liquidation from the De-partment of Commerce on December 8, 2010. 
(c) I
NTEREST DESCRIBED .— 
(1) I NTEREST REALIZED .—Interest described in 
this subsection is interest earned on anti-dumping duties or countervailing duties distrib-uted as described in subsection (b) that is real-ized through application of a payment received on or after October 1, 2014, by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under, or in connection with— 
(A) a customs bond pursuant to a court order 
or judgment entered as a result of a civil action filed by the Federal Government against the surety from which the payment was obtained for the purpose of collecting duties or interest owed with respect to an entry; or 
(B) a settlement for any such bond if the set-
tlement was executed after the Federal Govern-ment filed a civil action described in subpara-
graph (A). 
(2) T
YPES OF INTEREST .—Interest described in 
paragraph (1) includes the following: 
(A) Interest accrued under section 778 of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677g). 
(B) Interest accrued under section 505(d) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1505(d)). 
(C) Equitable interest under common law or 
interest under section 963 of the Revised Stat-utes (19 U.S.C. 580) awarded by a court against a surety under its bond for late payment of anti-dumping duties, countervailing duties, or inter-est described in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A NTIDUMPING DUTIES .—The term ‘‘anti-
dumping duties’’ means antidumping duties im-posed under section 731 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673) or under the Antidumping Act, 1921 (title II of the Act of May 27, 1921; 42 Stat. 11, chapter 14). 
(2) C
OUNTERVAILING DUTIES .—The term 
‘‘countervailing duties’’ means countervailing duties imposed under section 701 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671). 
SEC. 610. ILLICITLY IMPORTED, EXPORTED, OR 
TRAFFICKED CULTURAL PROPERTY, ARCHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNO-LOGICAL MATERIALS, AND FISH, WILDLIFE, AND PLANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner and the 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement shall ensure that appropriate per-sonnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, as the case may be, are trained in the de-tection, identification, detention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property, archaeological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife, and plants, the importation, exportation, or traf-ficking of which violates the laws of the United States. 
(b) T
RAINING .—The Commissioner and the Di-
rector are authorized to accept training and other support services from experts outside of the Federal Government with respect to the de-tection, identification, detention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property, archaeological or ethnological materials, or fish, wildlife, and plants described in subsection (a). 
Subtitle B—Intellectual Property Rights 
Protection 
SEC. 611. ESTABLISHMENT OF CHIEF INNOVA-
TION AND INTELLECTUAL PROP-ERTY NEGOTIATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 141 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), as amended by section 
605(a) of this Act— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and one Chief Manufacturing 
Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘one Chief Manufac-turing Negotiator, and one Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘or the Chief Manufacturing 
Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Manufac-turing Negotiator, or the Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘and the Chief Manufacturing 
Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Manufac-turing Negotiator, and the Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), as amended by section 
605(b) of this Act, by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(7) The principal functions of the Chief In-
novation and Intellectual Property Negotiator shall be to conduct trade negotiations and to en-force trade agreements relating to United States intellectual property and to take appropriate ac-tions to address acts, policies, and practices of foreign governments that have a significant ad-verse impact on the value of United States inno-vation. The Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator shall be a vigorous advo-cate on behalf of United States innovation and intellectual property interests. The Chief Inno-vation and Intellectual Property Negotiator shall perform such other functions as the United States Trade Representative may direct.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4287 June 12, 2015 
(b) C OMPENSATION .—Section 5314 of title 5, 
United States Code, as amended by section 605(c) of this Act, is further amended by insert-ing after ‘‘Chief Manufacturing Negotiator, Of-fice of the United States Trade Representative.’’ the following: 
‘‘Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property 
Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the appointment of the first Chief In-novation and Intellectual Property Negotiator pursuant to paragraph (2) of section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by subsection (a), and annually thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing in detail— 
(1) enforcement actions taken by the Trade 
Representative during the year preceding the submission of the report to ensure the protection of United States innovation and intellectual property interests; and 
(2) other actions taken by the Trade Rep-
resentative to advance United States innovation and intellectual property interests. 
SEC. 612. MEASURES RELATING TO COUNTRIES 
THAT DENY ADEQUATE PROTECTION FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF COUNTRIES THATDENYADE-
QUATE PROTECTION OF TRADE SECRETS .—Section 
182(d)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242(d)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, trade se-crets,’’ after ‘‘copyrights’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES ON THE  
PRIORITY WATCH LIST OF THE UNITED STATES  
TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 182 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) is amended by striking subsection (g) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN COUNTRIES  
ON THE PRIORITY WATCH LIST.— 
‘‘(1) A CTION PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Trade Representa-tive submits the National Trade Estimate under section 181(b), the Trade Representative shall develop an action plan described in subpara-graph (C) with respect to each foreign country described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) F
OREIGN COUNTRY DESCRIBED .—The 
Trade Representative shall develop an action plan pursuant to subparagraph (A) with respect to each foreign country that— 
‘‘(i) the Trade Representative has identified 
for placement on the priority watch list; and 
‘‘(ii) has remained on such list for at least 1 
year. 
‘‘(C) A
CTION PLAN DESCRIBED .—An action 
plan developed pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall contain the benchmarks described in sub-paragraph (D) and be designed to assist the for-eign country— 
‘‘(i) to achieve— ‘‘(I) adequate and effective protection of intel-
lectual property rights; and 
‘‘(II) fair and equitable market access for 
United States persons that rely upon intellec-tual property protection; or 
‘‘(ii) to make significant progress toward 
achieving the goals described in clause (i). 
‘‘(D) B
ENCHMARKS DESCRIBED .—The bench-
marks contained in an action plan developed pursuant to subparagraph (A) are such legisla-tive, institutional, enforcement, or other actions as the Trade Representative determines to be necessary for the foreign country to achieve the goals described in clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (C). 
‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO MEET ACTION PLAN BENCH -
MARKS .—If, 1 year after the date on which an 
action plan is developed under paragraph (1)(A), the President, in consultation with the Trade Representative, determines that the for-eign country to which the action plan applies has not substantially complied with the bench-marks described in paragraph (1)(D), the Presi-
dent may take appropriate action with respect to the foreign country. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY WATCH LIST DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘priority watch list’ means the priority watch list established by the Trade Representative. 
‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Trade Representa-tive submits the National Trade Estimate under section 181(b), the Trade Representative shall transmit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate a report on ac-tions taken under this section during the 12 months preceding such report, and the reasons for such actions, including— 
‘‘(1) any foreign countries identified under 
subsection (a); 
‘‘(2) a description of progress made in achiev-
ing improved intellectual property protection and market access for persons relying on intel-lectual property rights; and 
‘‘(3) a description of the action plans devel-
oped under subsection (g) and any actions taken by foreign countries under such plans.’’. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Office of the United States Trade Representative such sums as may be nec-essary to provide assistance to any developing country to which an action plan applies under section 182(g) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by paragraph (1), to facilitate the ef-forts of the developing country to comply with the benchmarks contained in the action plan. Such assistance may include capacity building, activities designed to increase awareness of in-tellectual property rights, and training for offi-cials responsible for enforcing intellectual prop-erty rights in the developing country. 
(B) D
EVELOPING COUNTRY DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘‘developing country’’ means a country classified by the World Bank as having a low-income or lower-middle-income economy. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed as limiting the au-thority of the President or the United States Trade Representative to develop action plans other than action plans described in section 182(g) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by paragraph (1), or to take any action otherwise authorized by law in response to the failure of a foreign country to provide adequate and effec-tive protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
TITLE VII—CURRENCY MANIPULATION 
Subtitle A—Investigation of Currency 
Undervaluation 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Currency 
Undervaluation Investigation Act’’. 
SEC. 702. INVESTIGATION OR REVIEW OF CUR-
RENCY UNDERVALUATION UNDER COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAW. 
Subsection (c) of section 702 of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671a(c)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) C
URRENCY UNDERVALUATION .—For pur-
poses of a countervailing duty investigation under this subtitle in which the determinations under clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (1)(A) are affirmative, or a review under subtitle C with respect to a countervailing duty order, the administering authority shall initiate an inves-tigation to determine whether currency under-valuation by the government of a country or any public entity within the territory of a coun-try is providing, directly or indirectly, a countervailable subsidy, if— 
‘‘(A) a petition filed by an interested party 
(described in subparagraph (C), (D), (E), (F), or (G) of section 771(9)) alleges the elements nec-
essary for the imposition of the duty imposed by section 701(a); and 
‘‘(B) the petition is accompanied by informa-
tion reasonably available to the petitioner sup-porting those allegations.’’. SEC. 703. BENEFIT CALCULATION METHODOLOGY 
WITH RESPECT TO CURRENCY UNDERVALUATION. 
Section 771 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 
1677) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(37) C
URRENCY UNDERVALUATION BENEFIT .— 
‘‘(A) C URRENCY UNDERVALUATION BENEFIT .— 
For purposes of a countervailing duty investiga-tion under subtitle A, or a review under subtitle C with respect to a countervailing duty order, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the administering author-
ity determines to investigate whether currency undervaluation provides a countervailable sub-sidy, the administering authority shall deter-mine whether there is a benefit to the recipient of that subsidy and measure such benefit by comparing the simple average of the real ex-change rates derived from application of the macroeconomic-balance approach and the equi-librium-real-exchange-rate approach to the offi-cial daily exchange rate identified by the ad-ministering authority. 
‘‘(ii) R
ELIANCE ON DATA .—In making the de-
termination under clause (i), the administering authority shall rely upon data that are publicly available, reliable, and compiled and main-tained by the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank, or other international organi-zations or national governments if data from the International Monetary Fund or World Bank are not available. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) M ACROECONOMIC -BALANCE APPROACH .— 
The term ‘macroeconomic-balance approach’ means a methodology under which the level of undervaluation of the real effective exchange rate of the currency of the exporting country is defined as the change in the real effective ex-change rate needed to achieve equilibrium in the balance of payments of the exporting country, as such methodology is described in the guide-lines of the International Monetary Fund’s Consultative Group on Exchange Rate Issues, if available. 
‘‘(ii) E
QUILIBRIUM -REAL-EXCHANGE -RATE AP -
PROACH .—The term ‘equilibrium-real-exchange- 
rate approach’ means a methodology under 
which the level of undervaluation of the real ef-fective exchange rate of the currency of the ex-porting country is defined as the difference be-tween the observed real effective exchange rate and the real effective exchange rate, as such methodology is described in the guidelines of the International Monetary Fund’s Consultative Group on Exchange Rate Issues, if available. 
‘‘(iii) R
EAL EXCHANGE RATES .—The term ‘real 
exchange rates’ means the bilateral exchange rates derived from converting the trade-weighted multilateral exchange rates yielded by the mac-roeconomic-balance approach and the equi-librium-real-exchange-rate approach into real bilateral terms.’’. 
SEC. 704. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF 
SPECIFICITY WITH RESPECT TO EX-PORT SUBSIDY. 
Section 771(5A)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677(5A)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The fact that a subsidy may also be provided in circumstances that do not involve export shall not, for that reason alone, mean that the subsidy cannot be considered contingent upon export perform-ance.’’. 
SEC. 705. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agreement Im-plementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amend-ments made by this subtitle shall apply with re-spect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
SEC. 706. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this subtitle apply 
to countervailing duty investigations initiated under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and reviews initi-ated under subtitle C of title VII of such Act (19 U.S.C. 1675 et seq.)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4288 June 12, 2015 
(1) before the date of the enactment of this 
Act, if the investigation or review is pending a final determination as of such date of enact-ment; and 
(2) on or after such date of enactment. 
Subtitle B—Engagement on Currency 
Exchange Rate and Economic Policies 
SEC. 711. ENHANCEMENT OF ENGAGEMENT ON 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES WITH CERTAIN MAJOR TRADING PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) M AJOR TRADING PARTNER REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days there-after, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies of each country that is a major trading partner of the United States. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall contain— 
(i) for each country that is a major trading 
partner of the United States— 
(I) that country’s bilateral trade balance with 
the United States; 
(II) that country’s current account balance as 
a percentage of its gross domestic product; 
(III) the change in that country’s current ac-
count balance as a percentage of its gross do-mestic product during the 3-year period pre-ceding the submission of the report; 
(IV) that country’s foreign exchange reserves 
as a percentage of its short-term debt; and 
(V) that country’s foreign exchange reserves 
as a percentage of its gross domestic product; and 
(ii) an enhanced analysis of macroeconomic 
and exchange rate policies for each country— 
(I) that is a major trading partner of the 
United States; 
(II) the currency of which is persistently and 
substantially undervalued; 
(III) that has— (aa) a significant bilateral trade surplus with 
the United States; and 
(bb) a material global current account sur-
plus; and 
(IV) that has engaged in persistent one-sided 
intervention in the foreign exchange market. 
(B) E
NHANCED ANALYSIS .—Each enhanced 
analysis under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall in-clude, for each country with respect to which an analysis is made under that subparagraph— 
(i) a description of developments in the cur-
rency markets of that country, including, to the greatest extent feasible, developments with re-spect to currency interventions; 
(ii) a description of trends in the real effective 
exchange rate of the currency of that country and in the degree of undervaluation of that cur-rency; 
(iii) an analysis of changes in the capital con-
trols and trade restrictions of that country; and 
(iv) patterns in the reserve accumulation of 
that country. 
(b) E
NGAGEMENT ON EXCHANGE RATE AND ECO-
NOMIC POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the President, through the Secretary, shall commence enhanced bilateral engagement with each country for which an enhanced anal-ysis of macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies is included in the report submitted under subsection (a), in order to— 
(A) urge implementation of policies to address 
the causes of the undervaluation of its cur-rency, its bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and its material global current account surplus, including undervaluation and surpluses relating to exchange rate manage-ment; 
(B) express the concern of the United States 
with respect to the adverse trade and economic effects of that undervaluation and those sur-pluses; (C) develop measurable objectives for address-
ing that undervaluation and those surpluses; and 
(D) advise that country of the ability of the 
President to take action under subsection (c). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may determine 
not to enhance bilateral engagement with a country under paragraph (1) for which an en-hanced analysis of macroeconomic and ex-change rate policies is included in the report submitted under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report that describes how the currency and other macroeconomic policies of that coun-try are addressing the undervaluation and sur-pluses specified in paragraph (1)(A) with respect to that country, including undervaluation and surpluses relating to exchange rate manage-ment. 
(c) R
EMEDIAL ACTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, on the date that is one 
year after the commencement of enhanced bilat-eral engagement by the President with respect to a country under subsection (b)(1), the country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to cor-rect the undervaluation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A) with respect to that country, the President may take one or more of the following actions: 
(A) Prohibit the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation from approving any new financing (including any insurance, reinsurance, or guar-antee) with respect to a project located in that country on and after such date. 
(B) Except as provided in paragraph (2), and 
pursuant to paragraph (3), prohibit the Federal Government from procuring, or entering into any contract for the procurement of, goods or services from that country on and after such date. 
(C) Instruct the United States Executive Di-
rector of the International Monetary Fund to use the voice and vote of the United States to call for additional rigorous surveillance of the macroeconomic and exchange rate policies of that country and, as appropriate, formal con-sultations on findings of currency manipula-tion. 
(D) Instruct the United States Trade Rep-
resentative to take into account, in consultation with the Secretary, in assessing whether to enter into a bilateral or regional trade agree-ment with that country or to initiate or partici-pate in negotiations with respect to a bilateral or regional trade agreement with that country, the extent to which that country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to correct the under-valuation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The President may not apply 
a prohibition under paragraph (1)(B) with re-spect to a country that is a party to the Agree-ment on Government Procurement or a free trade agreement to which the United States is a party. 
(3) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(A) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— 
Before applying a prohibition under paragraph (1)(B), the President shall consult with the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget to determine whether such prohibition would subject the taxpayers of the United States to un-reasonable cost. 
(B) C
ONGRESS .—The President shall consult 
with the appropriate committees of Congress with respect to any action the President takes under paragraph (1)(B), including whether the President has consulted as required under sub-paragraph (A). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A GREEMENT ON GOVERNMENT PROCURE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Agreement on Government 
Procurement’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(17) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(17)). 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Financial Services and 
the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(3) C
OUNTRY .—The term ‘‘country’’ means a 
foreign country, dependent territory, or posses-sion of a foreign country, and may include an association of 2 or more foreign countries, de-pendent territories, or possessions of countries into a customs union outside the United States. 
(4) R
EAL EFFECTIVE EXCHANGE RATE .—The 
term ‘‘real effective exchange rate’’ means a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates, expressed in price-adjusted terms. 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 712. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INTER-
NATIONAL EXCHANGE RATE POLICY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established an Advi-
sory Committee on International Exchange Rate Policy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Com-mittee’’). 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall be respon-
sible for advising the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the impact of international ex-change rates and financial policies on the econ-omy of the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall be com-
posed of 9 members as follows, none of whom shall be employees of the Federal Government: 
(A) Three members shall be appointed by the 
President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate. 
(B) Three members shall be appointed by the 
Speaker of the House of Representatives upon the recommendation of the chairmen and rank-ing members of the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(C) Three members shall be appointed by the 
President. 
(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall be se-
lected under paragraph (1) on the basis of their objectivity and demonstrated expertise in fi-nance, economics, or currency exchange. 
(3) T
ERMS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Members shall be appointed 
for a term of 2 years or until the Committee ter-minates. 
(B) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—A member may be re-
appointed to the Committee for additional terms. 
(4) V ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original ap-pointment. 
(c) D
URATION OF COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall termi-
nate on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act unless renewed by the President for a subsequent 2-year period. 
(2) C
ONTINUED RENEWAL .—The President may 
continue to renew the Committee for successive 2-year periods by taking appropriate action to renew the Committee prior to the date on which the Committee would otherwise terminate. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold not 
less than 2 meetings each calendar year. 
(e) C HAIRPERSON .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall elect 
from among its members a chairperson for a term of 2 years or until the Committee termi-nates. 
(2) R
EELECTION ; SUBSEQUENT TERMS .—A 
chairperson of the Committee may be reelected chairperson but is ineligible to serve consecutive terms as chairperson. 
(f) S
TAFF.—The Secretary of the Treasury 
shall make available to the Committee such staff, information, personnel, administrative services, and assistance as the Committee may reasonably require to carry out the activities of the Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4289 June 12, 2015 
(g) A PPLICATION OF THE FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Meetings of the Committee 
shall be exempt from the requirements of sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 10 and section 11 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (relating to open meetings, public notice, public partici-pation, and public availability of documents), whenever and to the extent it is determined by the President or the Secretary of the Treasury that such meetings will be concerned with mat-ters the disclosure of which— 
(A) would seriously compromise the develop-
ment by the Government of the United States of monetary or financial policy; or 
(B) is likely to— (i) lead to significant financial speculation in 
currencies, securities, or commodities; or 
(ii) significantly endanger the stability of any 
financial institution. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each fiscal year in which the Committee is in effect $1,000,000 to carry out this section. 
TITLE VIII—PROCESS FOR CONSIDER-
ATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY SUSPEN-SIONS AND REDUCTIONS 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘American Man-
ufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 802. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NEED 
FOR A MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) As of the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States imposes duties on imported goods for which there is no domestic availability or insuf-ficient domestic availability. 
(2) The imposition of duties on such goods cre-
ates artificial distortions in the economy of the United States that negatively affect United States manufacturers and consumers. 
(3) It is in the interests of the United States to 
update the Harmonized Tariff Schedule every 3 years to eliminate such artificial distortions by suspending or reducing duties on such goods. 
(4) The manufacturing competitiveness of the 
United States around the world will be en-hanced if Congress regularly and predictably updates the Harmonized Tariff Schedule to sus-pend or reduce duties on such goods. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, to remove the competitive dis-advantage to United States manufactures and consumers resulting from an outdated Har-monized Tariff Schedule and to promote the competitiveness of United States manufacturers, Congress should consider a miscellaneous tariff bill not later than 180 days after the United States International Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce issue reports on pro-posed duty suspensions and reductions under this title. 
SEC. 803. PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION OF 
DUTY SUSPENSIONS AND REDUC-TIONS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section 
to establish a process by the appropriate con-gressional committees, in conjunction with the Commission pursuant to its authorities under section 332 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332), for the submission and consideration of proposed duty suspensions and reductions. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than October 
15, 2015, and October 15, 2018, the appropriate congressional committees shall establish and, on the same day, publish on their respective pub-licly available Internet websites a process— 
(1) to provide for the submission and consider-
ation of legislation containing proposed duty suspensions and reductions in a manner that, to 
the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with the requirements described in subsection (c); and 
(2) to include in a miscellaneous tariff bill 
those duty suspensions and reductions that meet the requirements of this title. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS OF COMMISSION .— 
(1) I NITIATION .—Not later than October 15, 
2015, and October 15, 2018, the Commission shall publish in the Federal Register and on a pub-licly available Internet website of the Commis-sion a notice requesting members of the public to submit to the Commission during the 60-day pe-riod beginning on the date of such publication— 
(A) proposed duty suspensions and reduc-
tions; and 
(B) Commission disclosure forms with respect 
to such duty suspensions and reductions. 
(2) R
EVIEW .— 
(A) C OMMISSION SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—As 
soon as practicable after the expiration of the 60-day period specified in paragraph (1), but not later than 15 days after the expiration of such 60-day period, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the proposed duty suspensions and reductions sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(A) and the Commis-sion disclosure forms with respect to such duty suspensions and reductions submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROPOSED DUTY  
SUSPENSIONS AND REDUCTIONS .—Not later than 
15 days after the expiration of the 60-day period specified in paragraph (1), the Commission shall publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Commission the proposed duty suspen-sions and reductions submitted under paragraph (1)(A) and the Commission disclosure forms with respect to such duty suspensions and reductions submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(C) C
OMMISSION REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than the end of the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of publication of the proposed duty suspensions and reductions under sub-paragraph (B), the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on each proposed duty suspension or reduc-tion submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(1) or paragraph (1)(A) that contains the following in-formation: 
(i) A determination of whether or not domestic 
production of the article that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction exists and, if such production exists, whether or not a domestic producer of the article objects to the proposed duty suspension or reduction. 
(ii) Any technical changes to the article de-
scription that are necessary for purposes of ad-ministration when articles are presented for im-portation. 
(iii) The amount of tariff revenue that would 
no longer be collected if the proposed duty sus-pension or reduction takes effect. 
(iv) A determination of whether or not the 
proposed duty suspension or reduction is avail-able to any person that imports the article that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction. 
(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The Commission shall pre-
scribe and publish on a publicly available Inter-net website of the Commission procedures for complying with the requirements of this sub-section. 
(4) A
UTHORITIES DESCRIBED .—The Commission 
shall carry out this subsection pursuant to its authorities under section 332 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332). 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF COMMERCE REPORT .—Not 
later than the end of the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of publication of the proposed duty suspensions and reductions under sub-section (c)(2)(B), the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and other relevant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on each proposed duty sus-pension and reduction submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(1) or (c)(1)(A) that includes the 
following information: 
(1) A determination of whether or not domes-
tic production of the article that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction ex-ists and, if such production exists, whether or not a domestic producer of the article objects to the proposed duty suspension or reduction. 
(2) Any technical changes to the article de-
scription that are necessary for purposes of ad-ministration when articles are presented for im-portation. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A proposed duty 
suspension or reduction submitted under this section by a Member of Congress shall receive treatment no more favorable than the treatment received by a proposed duty suspension or re-duction submitted under this section by a mem-ber of the public. 
SEC. 804. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF DUTY SUSPEN-
SIONS AND REDUCTIONS ON UNITED STATES ECONOMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than May 1, 2018, 
and May 1, 2020, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the effects on the United States economy of temporary duty suspensions and reductions enacted pursuant to this title, including a broad assessment of the economic effects of such duty suspensions and reductions on producers, pur-chasers, and consumers in the United States, using case studies describing such effects on se-lected industries or by type of article as avail-able data permit. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Commission 
shall also solicit and append to the report re-quired under subsection (a) recommendations with respect to those domestic industry sectors or specific domestic industries that might benefit from permanent duty suspensions and reduc-tions or elimination of duties, either through a unilateral action of the United States or though negotiations for reciprocal tariff agreements, with a particular focus on inequities created by tariff inversions. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 805. JUDICIAL REVIEW PRECLUDED. 
The exercise of functions under this title shall 
not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. 806. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
(2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the United States International Trade Commission. 
(3) C
OMMISSION DISCLOSURE FORM .—The term 
‘‘Commission disclosure form’’ means, with re-spect to a proposed duty suspension or reduc-tion, a document submitted by a member of the public to the Commission that contains the fol-lowing: 
(A) The contact information for any known 
importers of the article to which the proposed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(B) A certification by the member of the public 
that the proposed duty suspension or reduction is available to any person importing the article to which the proposed duty suspension or reduc-tion would apply. 
(4) D
OMESTIC PRODUCER .—The term ‘‘domestic 
producer’’ means a person that demonstrates production, or imminent production, in the United States of an article that is identical to, or like or directly competitive with, an article to which a proposed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(5) D
UTY SUSPENSION OR REDUCTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘duty suspension 
or reduction’’ means an amendment to sub-chapter II of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tar-iff Schedule of the United States that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4290 June 12, 2015 
(i)(I) extends an existing temporary duty sus-
pension or reduction of duty on an article under that subchapter; or 
(II) provides for a new temporary duty sus-
pension or reduction of duty on an article under that subchapter; and 
(ii) otherwise meets the requirements described 
in subparagraph (B). 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A duty suspension or re-
duction meets the requirements described in this subparagraph if— 
(i) the duty suspension or reduction can be 
administered by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; 
(ii) the estimated loss in revenue to the United 
States from the duty suspension or reduction does not exceed $500,000 in a calendar year dur-ing which the duty suspension or reduction would be in effect, as determined by the Con-gressional Budget Office; and 
(iii) the duty suspension or reduction is avail-
able to any person importing the article that is the subject of the duty suspension or reduction. 
(6) M
EMBER OF CONGRESS .—The term ‘‘Mem-
ber of Congress’’ means a Senator or a Rep-resentative in, or Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to, Congress. 
(7) M
ISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL .—The term 
‘‘miscellaneous tariff bill’’ means a bill of either House of Congress that contains only— 
(A) duty suspensions and reductions that— (i) meet the applicable requirements for— (I) consideration of duty suspensions and re-
ductions described in section 803; or 
(II) any other process required under the 
Rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate; and 
(ii) are not the subject of an objection because 
such duty suspensions and reductions do not comply with the requirements of this title from— 
(I) a Member of Congress; or 
(II) a domestic producer, as contained in com-
ments submitted to the appropriate congres-sional committees, the Commission, or the De-partment of Commerce under section 803; and 
(B) provisions included in bills introduced in 
the House of Representatives or the Senate pur-suant to a process described in subparagraph (A)(i)(II) that correct an error in the text or ad-ministration of a provision of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 901. DE MINIMIS VALUE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Modernizing international customs is crit-
ical for United States businesses of all sizes, consumers in the United States, and the eco-nomic growth of the United States. 
(2) Higher thresholds for the value of articles 
that may be entered informally and free of duty provide significant economic benefits to busi-nesses and consumers in the United States and 
the economy of the United States through costs savings and reductions in trade transaction costs. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States Trade Rep-resentative should encourage other countries, through bilateral, regional, and multilateral fora, to establish commercially meaningful de minimis values for express and postal shipments that are exempt from customs duties and taxes and from certain entry documentation require-ments, as appropriate. 
(c) D
EMINIMIS VALUE.—Section 321(a)(2)(C) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$200’’ and inserting ‘‘$800’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (c) shall apply with respect to ar-ticles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the 15th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 902. CONSULTATION ON TRADE AND CUS-
TOMS REVENUE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 401(c) of the Safety and Account-
ability for Every Port Act (6 U.S.C. 115(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on Depart-
ment policies and actions that have’’ and insert-ing ‘‘not later than 30 days after proposing, and not later than 30 days before finalizing, any De-partment policies, initiatives, or actions that will have’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘not later 
than 30 days prior to the finalization of’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 60 days before pro-posing, and not later than 60 days before final-izing,’’. 
SEC. 903. PENALTIES FOR CUSTOMS BROKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641(d)(1) of the Tar-
iff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641(d)(1)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) has been convicted of committing or con-
spiring to commit an act of terrorism described in section 2332b of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 641 of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘The 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’s notice’’ and inserting ‘‘notice under subparagraph (A)’’. SEC. 904. AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 98 OF THE 
HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A RTICLES EXPORTED AND RETURNED , AD-
VANCED OR IMPROVED ABROAD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—U.S. Note 3 to subchapter II 
of chapter 98 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of subheadings 9802.00.40 
and 9802.00.50, fungible articles exported from the United States for the purposes described in such subheadings— 
‘‘(A) may be commingled; and ‘‘(B) the origin, value, and classification of 
such articles may be accounted for using an in-ventory management method. 
‘‘(2) If a person chooses to use an inventory 
management method under this paragraph with respect to fungible articles, the person shall use the same inventory management method for any other articles with respect to which the person claims fungibility under this paragraph. 
‘‘(3) For the purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(A) the term ‘fungible articles’ means mer-
chandise or articles that, for commercial pur-poses, are identical or interchangeable in all sit-uations; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘inventory management method’ 
means any method for managing inventory that is based on generally accepted accounting prin-ciples.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by this subsection applies to articles classifiable under subheading 9802.00.40 or 9802.00.50 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States that are entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO  
RETURNED PROPERTY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The article description for 
heading 9801.00.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by in-serting after ‘‘exported’’ the following: ‘‘, or any other products when returned within 3 years after having been exported’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by paragraph (1) applies to articles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) D
UTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR CERTAIN  
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT PROPERTY RE-
TURNED TO THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 98 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting in numerical se-quence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9801.00.11 United States Government property, returned to the United States without 
having been advanced in value or improved in condition by any means while abroad, entered by the United States Government or a contractor to the United States Government, and certified by the importer as United States Government property ....................................................................................................... Free ’’. 
(2) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by paragraph (1) applies to goods entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 905. EXEMPTION FROM DUTY OF RESIDUE 
OF BULK CARGO CONTAINED IN IN-STRUMENTS OF INTERNATIONAL TRAFFIC PREVIOUSLY EXPORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—General Note 3(e) of the 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (vi), by adding ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (vi) (as so 
amended) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(vii) residue of bulk cargo contained in in-
struments of international traffic previously ex-ported from the United States,’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end of the flush text fol-
lowing subparagraph (vii) (as so added) the fol-lowing: ‘‘For purposes of subparagraph (vii) of this paragraph: The term ‘residue’ means mate-rial of bulk cargo that remains in an instrument of international traffic after the bulk cargo is removed, with a quantity, by weight or volume, not exceeding 7 percent of the bulk cargo, and with no or de minimis value. The term ‘bulk cargo’ means cargo that is unpackaged and is in either solid, liquid, or gaseous form. The term ‘instruments of international traffic’ means con-tainers or holders, capable of and suitable for repeated use, such as lift vans, cargo vans, ship-ping tanks, skids, pallets, caul boards, and cores for textile fabrics, arriving (whether loaded or 
empty) in use or to be used in the shipment of merchandise in international traffic, and any additional articles or classes of articles that the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection designates as instruments of international traffic.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to residue of bulk cargo contained in instruments of international traffic that are imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after such date of enactment and that pre-viously have been exported from the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4291 June 12, 2015 
SEC. 906. DRAWBACK AND REFUNDS. 
(a) A RTICLES MADE FROM IMPORTED MER-
CHANDISE .—Section 313(a) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon the merchandise so used shall be refunded as draw-
back, less 1 per centum of such duties, except that such’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as drawback, except that’’. 
(b) S
UBSTITUTION FOR DRAWBACK PURPOSES .— 
Section 313(b) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If imported’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If imported’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and any other merchandise 
(whether imported or domestic) of the same kind and quality are’’ and inserting ‘‘or merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS sub-heading number as such imported merchandise is’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘5 
years’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘the receipt of such imported 
merchandise by the manufacturer or producer of such articles’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of impor-tation of such imported merchandise’’; 
(5) by inserting ‘‘or articles classifiable under 
the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such articles,’’ after ‘‘any such articles,’’; 
(6) by striking ‘‘an amount of drawback equal 
to’’ and all that follows through the end period and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l), but only if those articles have not been used prior to such expor-tation or destruction.’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO TRANSFER OF  
MERCHANDISE .— 
‘‘(A) M ANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS .— 
Drawback shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or pro-duced using imported merchandise or other mer-chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchan-dise only if the manufacturer or producer of the article received such imported merchandise or such other merchandise, directly or indirectly, from the importer. 
‘‘(B) E
XPORTERS AND DESTROYERS .—Drawback 
shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with re-spect to a manufactured or produced article that is exported or destroyed only if the exporter or destroyer received that article or an article clas-sifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as that article, directly or indirectly, from the manufacturer or producer. 
‘‘(C) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFER .—Transfers of 
merchandise under subparagraph (A) and trans-fers of articles under subparagraph (B) may be evidenced by business records kept in the nor-mal course of business and no additional certifi-cates of transfer or manufacture shall be re-quired. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF BILL OF MATERIALS OR  
FORMULA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Drawback shall be allowed 
under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or produced using imported mer-chandise or other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise only if the person making the drawback claim submits with the claim a bill of materials or formula identifying the merchandise and article by the 8-digit HTS subheading number and the quantity of the merchandise. 
‘‘(B) B
ILL OF MATERIALS AND FORMULA DE -
FINED .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘bill of ma-
terials’ and ‘formula’ mean records kept in the normal course of business that identify each component incorporated into a manufactured or produced article or that identify the quantity of each element, material, chemical, mixture, or other substance incorporated into a manufac-tured article. ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SOUGHT CHEMICAL ELE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph 
(1), a sought chemical element may be— 
‘‘(i) considered imported merchandise, or mer-
chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchan-dise, used in the manufacture or production of an article as described in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(ii) substituted for source material con-
taining that sought chemical element, without regard to whether the sought chemical element and the source material are classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number, and apportioned quantitatively, as appropriate. 
‘‘(B) S
OUGHT CHEMICAL ELEMENT DEFINED .— 
In this paragraph, the term ‘sought chemical 
element’ means an element listed in the Periodic Table of Elements that is imported into the United States or a chemical compound con-sisting of those elements, either separately in elemental form or contained in source mate-rial.’’. 
(c) M
ERCHANDISE NOTCONFORMING TO SAM-
PLE OR SPECIFICATIONS .—Section 313(c) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(c)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘under a certificate of delivery’’ each place it appears; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ and in-
serting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(C) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon such merchandise, less 1 percent,’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Customs 
Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection’’; and 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(3) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFERS .—Transfers of 
merchandise under paragraph (1) may be evi-denced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no additional certificates of transfer shall be required.’’. 
(d) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—Section 313(i) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—A person 
claiming drawback under this section based on the exportation of an article shall provide proof of the exportation of the article. Such proof of exportation— 
‘‘(1) shall establish fully the date and fact of 
exportation and the identity of the exporter; and 
‘‘(2) may be established through the use of 
records kept in the normal course of business or through an electronic export system of the United States Government, as determined by the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection.’’. 
(e) U
NUSED MERCHANDISE DRAWBACK .—Sec-
tion 313(j) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the date of importation’’; and 
(B) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘99 percent of the amount of each duty, tax, or fee so paid’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount cal-culated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and (6)’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘com-
mercially interchangeable with’’ and inserting ‘‘classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS sub-heading number as’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the imported merchan-dise’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking sub-
clause (II) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(II) received the imported merchandise, other 
merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported mer-chandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, di-rectly or indirectly from the person who im-ported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees im-posed under Federal law upon importation or entry and due on the imported merchandise (and any such transferred merchandise, regard-less of its origin, will be treated as the imported merchandise and any retained merchandise will be treated as domestic merchandise);’’; and 
(E) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘the amount of each such duty, 
tax, and fee’’ and all that follows through ‘‘99 percent of that duty, tax, or fee’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as draw-back’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), drawback shall be allowed under this para-graph with respect to wine if the imported wine and the exported wine are of the same color and the price variation between the imported wine and the exported wine does not exceed 50 per-cent. Transfers of merchandise may be evi-denced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no additional certificates of transfer shall be required.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘the com-
mercially interchangeable merchandise’’ and in-serting ‘‘merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2) and ex-
cept as provided in subparagraph (B), merchan-dise may not be substituted for imported mer-chandise for drawback purposes based on the 8- digit HTS subheading number if the article de-scription for the 8-digit HTS subheading number under which the imported merchandise is classi-fied begins with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(B) In cases described in subparagraph (A), 
merchandise may be substituted for imported merchandise for drawback purposes if— 
‘‘(i) the other merchandise and such imported 
merchandise are classifiable under the same 10- digit HTS statistical reporting number; and 
‘‘(ii) the article description for that 10-digit 
HTS statistical reporting number does not begin with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(6)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2), a 
drawback claimant may use the first 8 digits of the 10-digit Schedule B number for merchandise or an article to determine if the merchandise or article is classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as the imported merchan-dise, without regard to whether the Schedule B number corresponds to more than one 8-digit HTS subheading number. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘Schedule B’ 
means the Department of Commerce Schedule B, Statistical Classification of Domestic and For-eign Commodities Exported from the United States.’’. 
(f) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Sec-
tion 313(k) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(k)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(k) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any person making a claim 
for drawback under this section shall be liable for the full amount of the drawback claimed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4292 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(2) L IABILITY OF IMPORTERS .—An importer 
shall be liable for any drawback claim made by another person with respect to merchandise im-ported by the importer in an amount equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the person claimed with respect to the im-ported merchandise; or 
‘‘(B) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the importer authorized the other person to claim with respect to the imported merchandise. 
‘‘(3) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY .—Persons 
described in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be jointly and severally liable for the amount de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’. 
(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 313(l) of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(l)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(l) R
EGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Allowance of the privileges 
provided for in this section shall be subject to compliance with such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION OF DRAWBACK .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015 (or, if later, the effective date provided for in section 906(q)(2)(B) of that Act), the Secretary shall prescribe regulations for de-termining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this section. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations re-
quired by subparagraph (A) for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this section shall provide for a refund of 99 percent of the duties, taxes, and fees paid with respect to the imported merchandise, except that where there is substitution of the merchan-dise or article, then— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an article that is exported, 
the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(I) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees paid 
with respect to the imported merchandise; or 
‘‘(II) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the exported article if the exported article were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is destroyed, 
the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
‘‘(I) equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchandise; and 
‘‘(bb) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the destroyed article if the destroyed article were imported; and 
‘‘(II) reduced by the value of materials recov-
ered during destruction as provided in sub-section (x). 
‘‘(3) S
TATUS REPORTS ON REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and annu-ally thereafter until the regulations required by paragraph (2) are final, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the status of those regulations.’’. 
(h) S
UBSTITUTION OF FINISHED PETROLEUM  
DERIVATIVES .—Section 313(p) of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(p)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Harmonized Tariff Schedule 
of the United States’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘HTS’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘, as so cer-
tified in a certificate of delivery or certificate of manufacture and delivery’’; and 
(B) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘, as so designated on the cer-
tificate of delivery or certificate of manufacture and delivery’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘The party transferring the mer-chandise shall maintain records kept in the nor-mal course of business to demonstrate the trans-fer.’’. (i) P
ACKAGING MATERIAL .—Section 313(q) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(q)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of 99 percent 
of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on such imported material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursuant to regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-ury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘of 99 percent 
of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on the imported or substituted merchandise used to manufacture or produce such material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursu-ant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘they con-
tain’’ and inserting ‘‘it contains’’. 
(j) F
ILING OF DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Section 
313(r) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(r)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking the first sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘A drawback entry shall be filed or applied for, as applicable, not later than 5 years after the date on which merchandise on which drawback is claimed was imported.’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘3- 
year’’ and inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(C) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘The Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(ii) in clauses (i) and (ii), by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and 
inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the pe-
riods of time for retaining records set forth in subsection (t) of this section and’’ and inserting ‘‘the period of time for retaining records set forth in’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) All drawback claims filed on and after 
the date that is 2 years after the date of the en-actment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (or, if later, the effec-tive date provided for in section 906(q)(2)(B) of that Act) shall be filed electronically.’’. 
(k) D
ESIGNATION OF MERCHANDISE BY SUC-
CESSOR .—Section 313(s) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1313(s)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking subparagraph 
(B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraphs (5) and (6) of sub-
section (j), imported merchandise, other mer-chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchan-dise, or any combination of such imported mer-chandise and such other merchandise, that the predecessor received, before the date of succes-sion, from the person who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees due on the imported merchandise;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘certifies 
that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘cer-tifies that the transferred merchandise was not and will not be claimed by the predecessor.’’. 
(l) D
RAWBACK CERTIFICATES .—Section 313 of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amend-ed by striking subsection (t). 
(m) D
RAWBACK FOR RECOVERED MATERIALS .— 
Section 313(x) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(x)) is amended by striking ‘‘and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘(c), and (j)’’. 
(n) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 313 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(z) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D IRECTLY .—The term ‘directly’ means a 
transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person without any inter-mediate transfer. ‘‘(2) HTS.—The term ‘HTS’ means the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
‘‘(3) I
NDIRECTLY .—The term ‘indirectly’ means 
a transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person with one or more inter-mediate transfers.’’. 
(o) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Section 508(c)(3) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1508(c)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘3rd’’ and inserting ‘‘5th’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting ‘‘liq-
uidation’’. 
(p) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RE-
PORT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the issuance of the regulations required by sub-section (l)(2) of section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (g), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the modernization of drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this sec-tion. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the modernization of 
drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
(B) A description of drawback claims that 
were permissible before the effective date pro-vided for in subsection (q) that are not permis-sible after that effective date and an identifica-tion of industries most affected. 
(C) A description of drawback claims that 
were not permissible before the effective date provided for in subsection (q) that are permis-sible after that effective date and an identifica-tion of industries most affected. 
(q) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act; and 
(B) except as provided in paragraphs (2)(B) 
and (3), apply to drawback claims filed on or after the date that is 2 years after such date of enactment. 
(2) R
EPORTING OF OPERABILITY OF AUTOMATED  
COMMERCIAL ENVIRONMENT COMPUTER SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 2 years after such date of enact-ment, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a report on— 
(i) the date on which the Automated Commer-
cial Environment will be ready to process draw-back claims; and 
(ii) the date on which the Automated Export 
System will be ready to accept proof of expor-tation under subsection (i) of section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by subsection (d). 
(B) D
ELAY OF EFFECTIVE DATE .—If the Sec-
retary indicates in the report required by sub-paragraph (A) that the Automated Commercial Environment will not be ready to process draw-back claims by the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the amend-ments made by this section shall apply to draw-back claims filed on and after the date on which the Secretary certifies that the Automated Com-mercial Environment is ready to process draw-back claims. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—During the one-year 
period beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act (or, if later, the effective date provided for in para-graph (2)(B)), a person may elect to file a claim for drawback under— 
(A) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as 
amended by this section; or 
(B) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as in 
effect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4293 June 12, 2015 
SEC. 907. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION 
IN SUBMISSION OF NOMINATION FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENT-ATIVE. 
Section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2171(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) When the President submits to the Senate 
for its advice and consent a nomination of an individual for appointment as a Deputy United States Trade Representative under paragraph (2), the President shall include in that submis-sion information on the country, regional of-fices, and functions of the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to which that individual will have responsibility.’’. 
SEC. 908. BIENNIAL REPORTS REGARDING COM-
PETITIVENESS ISSUES FACING THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY AND COM-PETITIVE CONDITIONS FOR CERTAIN KEY UNITED STATES INDUSTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Inter-
national Trade Commission shall conduct a se-ries of investigations, and submit a report on each such investigation in accordance with sub-section (c), regarding competitiveness issues fac-ing the economy of the United States and com-petitive conditions for certain key United States industries. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, to the extent prac-ticable, the following: 
(A) A detailed assessment of competitiveness 
issues facing the economy of the United States, over the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the report is submitted, that includes— 
(i) projections, over that 10-year period, of 
economic measures, such as measures relating to production in the United States and United States trade, for the economy of the United States and for key United States industries, based on ongoing trends in the economy of the United States and global economies and incor-porating estimates from prominent United States, foreign, multinational, and private sec-tor organizations; and 
(ii) a description of factors that drive eco-
nomic growth, such as domestic productivity, the United States workforce, foreign demand for United States goods and services, and industry- specific developments. 
(B) A detailed assessment of a key United 
States industry or key United States industries that, to the extent practicable— 
(i) identifies with respect to each such indus-
try the principal factors driving competitiveness as of the date on which the report is submitted; and 
(ii) describes, with respect to each such indus-
try, the structure of the global industry, its mar-ket characteristics, current industry trends, rel-evant policies and programs of foreign govern-ments, and principal factors affecting future competitiveness. 
(2) S
ELECTION OF KEY UNITED STATES INDUS -
TRIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In conducting assessments 
required under paragraph (1)(B), the Commis-sion shall, to the extent practicable, select a dif-ferent key United States industry or different key United States industries for purposes of each report required by subsection (a). 
(B) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH CONGRESS .—The 
Commission shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives before selecting the key United States in-dustry or key United States industries for pur-poses of each report required by subsection (a). 
(c) S
UBMISSION OF REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than May 15, 2017, 
and every 2 years thereafter through 2025, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on the most recent investigation conducted under subsection (a). (2) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The Commission 
may, after consultation with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives, submit a report under paragraph (1) later than the date required by that paragraph. 
(3) C
ONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS INFORMATION .—A 
report submitted under paragraph (1) shall not include any confidential business information unless— 
(A) the party that submitted the confidential 
business information to the Commission had no-tice, at the time of submission, that the informa-tion would be released by the Commission; or 
(B) that party consents to the release of the 
information. 
(d) K
EYUNITED STATES INDUSTRY DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘key United States in-dustry’’ means a goods or services industry that— 
(1) contributes significantly to United States 
economic activity and trade; or 
(2) is a potential growth area for the United 
States and global markets. 
SEC. 909. REPORT ON CERTAIN U.S. CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after entering into an agreement under a pro-gram specified in subsection (b), and annually thereafter until the termination of the program, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes the following: 
(1) A description of the development of the 
program. 
(2) A description of the type of entity with 
which U.S. Customs and Border Protection en-tered into the agreement and the amount that entity reimbursed U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection under the agreement. 
(3) An identification of the type of port of 
entry to which the agreement relates and an as-sessment of how the agreement provides eco-nomic benefits at the port of entry. 
(4) A description of the services provided by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement during the year preceding the sub-mission of the report. 
(5) The amount of fees collected under the 
agreement during that year. 
(6) A detailed accounting of how the fees col-
lected under the agreement have been spent dur-ing that year. 
(7) A summary of any complaints or criticism 
received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection during that year regarding the agreement. 
(8) An assessment of the compliance of the en-
tity described in paragraph (2) with the terms of the agreement. 
(9) Recommendations with respect to how ac-
tivities conducted pursuant to the agreement could function more effectively or better produce economic benefits. 
(10) A summary of the benefits to and chal-
lenges faced by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and the entity described in paragraph (2) under the agreement. 
(b) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIED .—A program specified 
in this subsection is— 
(1) the program for entering into reimbursable 
fee agreements for the provision of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services established by section 560 of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378); or 
(2) the pilot program authorizing U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to enter into part-nerships with private sector and government en-tities at ports of entry established by section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note). 
SEC. 910. CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
Section 13031(e)(1) of the Consolidated Omni-
bus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Notwithstanding section 
451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451) or any other provision of law (other than para-graph (2))’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1)(A) Notwithstanding section 451 of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451) or any other provision of law (other than subparagraph (B) and paragraph (2))’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) An appropriate officer of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection may assign a sufficient number of employees of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection (if available) to perform services described in clause (ii) for a charter air carrier (as defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code) for a charter flight arriving after normal operating hours at an airport that is an established port of entry serviced by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, notwithstanding that overtime funds for those services are not available, if the charter air carrier— 
‘‘(I) not later than 4 hours before the flight 
arrives, specifically requests that such services be provided; and 
‘‘(II) pays any overtime fees incurred in con-
nection with such services. 
‘‘(ii) Services described in this clause are cus-
toms services for passengers and their baggage or any other such service that could lawfully be performed during regular hours of operation.’’. 
SEC. 911. AMENDMENT TO TARIFF ACT OF 1930 TO 
REQUIRE COUNTRY OF ORIGIN MARKING OF CERTAIN CASTINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(e) of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304(e)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘MANHOLE RINGS OR FRAMES , COVERS , ANDAS-
SEMBLIES THEREOF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ASTINGS ’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘inlet frames, tree and trench 
grates, lampposts, lamppost bases, cast utility poles, bollards, hydrants, utility boxes,’’ before ‘‘manhole rings,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end before the period the 
following: ‘‘in a location such that it will re-main visible after installation’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to the importation of castings described in such amendments on or after the date that is 180 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 912. ELIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DE-
MAND EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON IMPORTATION OF GOODS MADE WITH CONVICT LABOR, FORCED LABOR, OR INDENTURED LABOR; RE-PORT. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DEMAND  
EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 307 of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) is amended by striking ‘‘The provisions of this section’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘of the United States.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on compli-ance with section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) that includes the following: 
(1) The number of instances in which mer-
chandise was denied entry pursuant to that sec-tion during the 1-year period preceding the sub-mission of the report. 
(2) A description of the merchandise denied 
entry pursuant to that section. 
(3) Such other information as the Commis-
sioner considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing compliance with that section. 
SEC. 913. IMPROVED COLLECTION AND USE OF 
LABOR MARKET INFORMATION. 
Section 1137 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1320b–7) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4294 June 12, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(including 
the occupational information under subsection (g))’’ after ‘‘paragraph (3) of this subsection’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘employers 
(as defined’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to sub-section (g), employers (as defined’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g)(1) Beginning January 1, 2017, each quar-
terly wage report required to be submitted by an employer under subsection (a)(3) shall include such occupational information with respect to each employee of the employer that permits the classification of such employees into occupa-tional categories as found in the Standard Oc-cupational Classification (SOC) system. 
‘‘(2) The State agency receiving the occupa-
tional information described in paragraph (1) shall make such information available to the Secretary of Labor pursuant to procedures es-tablished by the Secretary of Labor. 
‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Labor shall make oc-
cupational information submitted under para-graph (2) available to other State and Federal agencies, including the United States Census Bureau, the Bureau of Labor Statistics, and other State and Federal research agencies. 
‘‘(B) Disclosure of occupational information 
under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the agency having safeguards in place that meet the requirements under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(4) The Secretary of Labor shall establish 
and implement safeguards for the dissemination and, subject to paragraph (5), the use of occu-pational information received under this sub-section. 
‘‘(5) Occupational information received under 
this subsection shall only be used to classify em-ployees into occupational categories as found in the Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) system and to analyze and evaluate occupations in order to improve the labor market for workers and industries. 
‘‘(6) The Secretary of Labor shall establish 
procedures to verify the accuracy of information received under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 914. STATEMENTS OF POLICY WITH RESPECT 
TO ISRAEL. 
Congress— 
(1) supports the strengthening of United 
States-Israel economic cooperation and recog-nizes the tremendous strategic, economic, and technological value of cooperation with Israel; 
(2) recognizes the benefit of cooperation with 
Israel to United States companies, including by improving United States competitiveness in glob-al markets; 
(3) recognizes the importance of trade and 
commercial relations to the pursuit and sustain-ability of peace, and supports efforts to bring to-gether the United States, Israel, the Palestinian territories, and others in enhanced commerce; 
(4) opposes politically motivated actions that 
penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts, divest-ment or sanctions; 
(5) notes that the boycott, divestment, and 
sanctioning of Israel by governments, govern-mental bodies, quasi-governmental bodies, inter-national organizations, and other such entities is contrary to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) principle of nondiscrimina-tion; 
(6) encourages the inclusion of politically mo-
tivated actions that penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts, divestment from, or sanctions against Israel as a topic of discussion at the U.S.-Israel Joint Economic Development Group (JEDG) and other areas to support the strength-ening of the United States–Israel commercial re-lationship and combat any commercial discrimi-nation against Israel; 
(7) supports efforts to prevent investigations 
or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons on the sole basis of such persons doing business with 
Israel, with Israeli entities, or in territories con-trolled by Israel; and 
(8) supports States of the United States exam-
ining a company’s promotion or compliance with unsanctioned boycotts, divestment from, or sanctions against Israel as part of its consider-ation in awarding grants and contracts and supports the divestment of State assets from companies that support or promote actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel. 
TITLE X—OFFSETS 
SEC. 1001. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORT 
IN CASE OF CERTAIN UNPAID TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 75 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7345. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN TAX DE-LINQUENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary receives 
certification by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that any individual has a seriously de-linquent tax debt in an amount in excess of $50,000, the Secretary shall transmit such certifi-cation to the Secretary of State for action with respect to denial, revocation, or limitation of a passport pursuant to section 1001(d) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) S
ERIOUSLY DELINQUENT TAXDEBT.—For 
purposes of this section, the term ‘seriously de-linquent tax debt’ means an outstanding debt under this title for which a notice of lien has been filed in public records pursuant to section 6323 or a notice of levy has been filed pursuant to section 6331, except that such term does not include— 
‘‘(1) a debt that is being paid in a timely man-
ner pursuant to an agreement under section 6159 or 7122, and 
‘‘(2) a debt with respect to which collection is 
suspended because a collection due process hearing under section 6330, or relief under sub-section (b), (c), or (f) of section 6015, is requested or pending. 
‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case 
of a calendar year beginning after 2016, the dol-lar amount in subsection (a) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment determined 
under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, de-termined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) there-of. 
If any amount as adjusted under the preceding 
sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $1,000.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for subchapter D of chapter 75 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 7345. Revocation or denial of passport in 
case of certain tax delin-quencies.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORITY FOR INFORMATION SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 6103 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(23) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION TO  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PURPOSES OF PASS -
PORT REVOCATION UNDER SECTION 7345 .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, upon 
receiving a certification described in section 7345, disclose to the Secretary of State return in-formation with respect to a taxpayer who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. Such return information shall be limited to— 
‘‘(i) the taxpayer identity information with re-
spect to such taxpayer, and 
‘‘(ii) the amount of such seriously delinquent 
tax debt. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION ON DISCLOSURE .—Return in-
formation disclosed under subparagraph (A) may be used by officers and employees of the 
Department of State for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary in, carrying out the re-quirements of section 1001(d) of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (4) 
of section 6103(p) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or (22)’’ each place it appears in sub-paragraph (F)(ii) and in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(22), or (23)’’. 
(d) A
UTHORITY TODENY OR REVOKE PASS-
PORT.— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving a certification described in section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State shall not issue a passport to any individual who has a seriously delin-quent tax debt described in such section. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the 
Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emer-gency circumstances or for humanitarian rea-sons, to an individual described in such sub-paragraph. 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may 
revoke a passport previously issued to any indi-vidual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to re-
voke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only for 
return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only permits 
return travel to the United States. 
(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of State shall not be liable to an individual for any action with re-spect to a certification by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under section 7345 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(e) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORT IN  
CASE OF INDIVIDUAL WITHOUT SOCIAL SECURITY  
ACCOUNT NUMBER .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving an applica-tion for a passport from an individual that ei-ther— 
(i) does not include the social security account 
number issued to that individual, or 
(ii) includes an incorrect or invalid social se-
curity number willfully, intentionally, neg-ligently, or recklessly provided by such indi-vidual, the Secretary of State is authorized to deny such application and is authorized to not issue a passport to the individual. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the 
Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emer-gency circumstances or for humanitarian rea-sons, to an individual described in subpara-graph (A). 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may 
revoke a passport previously issued to any indi-vidual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to re-
voke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only for 
return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only permits 
return travel to the United States. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of, and 
amendments made by, this section shall take ef-fect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 1002. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4295 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(C) Fees may be charged under paragraphs 
(9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 8, 2025, and ending on July 28, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘For the period’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—For the period’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the period be-
ginning on July 1, 2025, and ending on July 14, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consolidated Om-nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and adminis-tered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to 
reauthorize trade facilitation and trade en-forcement functions and activities, and for other purposes.’’. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . TIBERI  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the motion. 
The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Tiberi moves that the House concur in 
the Senate amendment to the title of H.R. 644 and concur in the Senate amendment to the text of H.R. 644 with the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–146 modified by the amendment printed in part B of that report. 
The text of the House amendment to 
the Senate amendments to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 101. Improving partnership programs. 
Sec. 102. Report on effectiveness of trade en-
forcement activities. 
Sec. 103. Priorities and performance stand-
ards for customs moderniza-tion, trade facilitation, and trade enforcement functions and programs. 
Sec. 104. Educational seminars to improve 
efforts to classify and appraise imported articles, to improve trade enforcement efforts, and to otherwise facilitate legiti-mate international trade. 
Sec. 105. Joint strategic plan. Sec. 106. Automated Commercial Environ-
ment. 
Sec. 107. International Trade Data System. Sec. 108. Consultations with respect to mu-
tual recognition arrangements. 
Sec. 109. Commercial Customs Operations 
Advisory Committee. 
Sec. 110. Centers of Excellence and Exper-
tise. 
Sec. 111. Commercial risk assessment tar-
geting and trade alerts. 
Sec. 112. Report on oversight of revenue pro-
tection and enforcement meas-ures. 
Sec. 113. Report on security and revenue 
measures with respect to mer-chandise transported in bond. Sec. 114. Importer of record program. 
Sec. 115. Establishment of new importer pro-
gram. 
Sec. 116. Customs broker identification of 
importers. 
Sec. 117. Requirements applicable to non- 
resident importers. 
Sec. 118. Priority trade issues. Sec. 119. Appropriate congressional commit-
tees defined. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
Sec. 201. Interagency import safety working 
group. 
Sec. 202. Joint import safety rapid response 
plan. 
Sec. 203. Training. 
TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTEC-
TION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
Sec. 301. Definition of intellectual property 
rights. 
Sec. 302. Exchange of information related to 
trade enforcement. 
Sec. 303. Seizure of circumvention devices. Sec. 304. Enforcement by U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection of works for which copyright registration is pending. 
Sec. 305. National Intellectual Property 
Rights Coordination Center. 
Sec. 306. Joint strategic plan for the en-
forcement of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
Sec. 307. Personnel dedicated to the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 308. Training with respect to the en-
forcement of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
Sec. 309. International cooperation and in-
formation sharing. 
Sec. 310. Report on intellectual property 
rights enforcement. 
Sec. 311. Information for travelers regarding 
violations of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
TITLE IV—PREVENTION OF EVASION OF 
ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Definitions. Sec. 403. Application to Canada and Mexico. 
Subtitle A—Actions Relating to 
Enforcement of Trade Remedy Laws 
Sec. 411. Trade remedy law enforcement di-
vision. 
Sec. 412. Collection of information on eva-
sion of trade remedy laws. 
Sec. 413. Access to information. Sec. 414. Cooperation with foreign countries 
on preventing evasion of trade remedy laws. 
Sec. 415. Trade negotiating objectives. 
Subtitle B—Investigation of Evasion of 
Trade Remedy Laws 
Sec. 421. Procedures for investigation of eva-
sion of antidumping and coun-tervailing duty orders. 
Sec. 422. Government Accountability Office 
report. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
Sec. 431. Allocation and training of per-
sonnel. 
Sec. 432. Annual report on prevention of eva-
sion of antidumping and coun-tervailing duty orders. 
Sec. 433. Addressing circumvention by new 
shippers. 
TITLE V—IMPROVEMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
Sec. 501. Short title. 
Sec. 502. Consequences of failure to cooper-
ate with a request for informa-tion in a proceeding. Sec. 503. Definition of material injury. 
Sec. 504. Particular market situation. Sec. 505. Distortion of prices or costs. Sec. 506. Reduction in burden on Depart-
ment of Commerce by reducing the number of voluntary re-spondents. 
Sec. 507. Application to Canada and Mexico. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT 
PROVISIONS 
Sec. 601. Trade enforcement priorities. 
Sec. 602. Exercise of WTO authorization to 
suspend concessions or other obligations under trade agree-ments. 
Sec. 603. Trade monitoring. 
TITLE VII—CURRENCY MANIPULATION 
Sec. 701. Enhancement of engagement on 
currency exchange rate and economic policies with certain major trading partners of the United States. 
Sec. 702. Advisory Committee on Inter-
national Exchange Rate Policy. 
TITLE VIII—ESTABLISHMENT OF U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Sec. 802. Establishment of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 901. De minimis value. 
Sec. 902. Consultation on trade and customs 
revenue functions. 
Sec. 903. Penalties for customs brokers. Sec. 904. Amendments to chapter 98 of the 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
Sec. 905. Exemption from duty of residue of 
bulk cargo contained in instru-ments of international traffic previously exported from the United States. 
Sec. 906. Drawback and refunds. Sec. 907. Office of the United States Trade 
Representative. 
Sec. 908. United States-Israel Trade and 
Commercial Enhancement. 
Sec. 909. Elimination of consumptive de-
mand exception to prohibition on importation of goods made with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor; re-port. 
Sec. 910. Customs user fees. Sec. 911. Report on certain U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection agree-ments. 
Sec. 912. Amendments to Bipartisan Con-
gressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015. 
Sec. 913. Certain interest to be included in 
distributions under Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act of 2000. 
Sec. 914. Report on competitiveness of U.S. 
recreational performance outer-wear industry. 
Sec. 915. Increase in penalty for failure to 
file return of tax. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
UTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRON -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Automated Commercial 
Environment’’ means the Automated Com-mercial Environment computer system au-thorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Con-solidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)). 
(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-
sioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, as described in section 411(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 802(a) of this Act. 
(3) C
USTOMS AND TRADE LAWS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘customs and trade laws 
of the United States’’ includes the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.013 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4296 June 12, 2015 
(A) The Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1202 et 
seq.). 
(B) Section 249 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 3). 
(C) Section 2 of the Act of March 4, 1923 (42 
Stat. 1453, chapter 251; 19 U.S.C. 6). 
(D) The Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, 
chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.). 
(E) Section 13031 of the Consolidated Omni-
bus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c). 
(F) Section 251 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 66). 
(G) Section 1 of the Act of June 26, 1930 (46 
Stat. 817, chapter 617; 19 U.S.C. 68). 
(H) The Foreign Trade Zones Act (19 U.S.C. 
81a et seq.). 
(I) Section 1 of the Act of March 2, 1911 (36 
Stat. 965, chapter 191; 19 U.S.C. 198). 
(J) The Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2102 et 
seq.). 
(K) The Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 
U.S.C. 2501 et seq.). 
(L) The North American Free Trade Agree-
ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). 
(M) The Uruguay Round Agreements Act 
(19 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
(N) The Caribbean Basin Economic Recov-
ery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(O) The Andean Trade Preference Act (19 
U.S.C. 3201 et seq.). 
(P) The African Growth and Opportunity 
Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
(Q) The Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 
(Public Law 99–570; 100 Stat. 3207–79). 
(R) The Customs and Trade Act of 1990 
(Public Law 101–382; 104 Stat. 629). 
(S) The Customs Procedural Reform and 
Simplification Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–410; 92 Stat. 888). 
(T) The Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107– 
210; 116 Stat. 933). 
(U) The Convention on Cultural Property 
Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.). 
(V) The Act of March 28, 1928 (45 Stat. 374, 
chapter 266; 19 U.S.C. 2077 et seq.). 
(W) The Act of August 7, 1939 (53 Stat. 1263, 
chapter 566). 
(X) Any other provision of law imple-
menting a trade agreement. 
(Y) Any other provision of law vesting cus-
toms revenue functions in the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(Z) Any other provision of law relating to 
trade facilitation or trade enforcement that is administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection on behalf of any Federal agency that is required to participate in the Inter-national Trade Data System. 
(AA) Any other provision of customs or 
trade law administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(4) P
RIVATE SECTOR ENTITY .—The term 
‘‘private sector entity’’ means— 
(A) an importer; (B) an exporter; (C) a forwarder; (D) an air, sea, or land carrier or shipper; (E) a contract logistics provider; (F) a customs broker; or (G) any other person (other than an em-
ployee of a government) affected by the im-plementation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(5) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT .—The term ‘‘trade 
enforcement’’ means the enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(6) T
RADE FACILITATION .—The term ‘‘trade 
facilitation’’ refers to policies and activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to facilitating the movement of mer-chandise into and out of the United States in a manner that complies with the customs and trade laws of the United States. TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 101. IMPROVING PARTNERSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to advance the 
security, trade enforcement, and trade facili-tation missions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Commissioner shall ensure that partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection established before the date of the enactment of this Act, such as the Customs–Trade Partnership Against Ter-rorism established under subtitle B of title II of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), and partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection established on or after such date of enactment, provide trade bene-fits to private sector entities that meet the requirements for participation in those pro-grams established by the Commissioner under this section. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In developing and oper-
ating partnership programs under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall— 
(1) consult with private sector entities, the 
public, and other Federal agencies when ap-propriate, to ensure that participants in those programs receive commercially signifi-cant and measurable trade benefits, includ-ing providing pre-clearance of merchandise for qualified persons that demonstrate the highest levels of compliance with the cus-toms and trade laws of the United States, regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, and other requirements the Commis-sioner determines to be necessary; 
(2) ensure an integrated and transparent 
system of trade benefits and compliance re-quirements for all partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(3) consider consolidating partnership pro-
grams in situations in which doing so would support the objectives of such programs, in-crease participation in such programs, en-hance the trade benefits provided to partici-pants in such programs, and enhance the al-location of the resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(4) coordinate with the Director of U.S. Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement, and other Federal agencies with authority to de-tain and release merchandise entering the United States— 
(A) to ensure coordination in the release of 
such merchandise through the Automated Commercial Environment, or its predecessor, and the International Trade Data System; 
(B) to ensure that the partnership pro-
grams of those agencies are compatible with the partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(C) to develop criteria for authorizing the 
release, on an expedited basis, of merchan-dise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; and 
(D) to create pathways, within and among 
the appropriate Federal agencies, for quali-fied persons that demonstrate the highest levels of compliance with the customs and trade laws of the United States to receive immediate clearance absent information that a transaction may pose a national secu-rity or compliance threat; and 
(5) ensure that trade benefits are provided 
to participants in partnership programs. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than the 
date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and not later than De-cember 31 of each calendar year thereafter, the Commissioner shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that— 
(1) identifies each partnership program re-
ferred to in subsection (a); 
(2) for each such program, identifies— (A) the requirements for participants in 
the program; 
(B) the commercially significant and meas-
urable trade benefits provided to partici-pants in the program; 
(C) the number of participants in the pro-
gram; and 
(D) in the case of a program that provides 
for participation at multiple tiers, the num-ber of participants at each such tier; 
(3) identifies the number of participants 
enrolled in more than one such partnership program; 
(4) assesses the effectiveness of each such 
partnership program in advancing the secu-rity, trade enforcement, and trade facilita-tion missions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, based on historical develop-ments, the level of participation in the pro-gram, and the evolution of benefits provided to participants in the program; 
(5) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to work with other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise entering the United States to ensure that partnership programs of those agencies are compatible with part-nership programs of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection; 
(6) summarizes criteria developed with 
those agencies for authorizing the release, on an expedited basis, of merchandise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the mer-chandise for entry into the United States; 
(7) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to work with private sector entities and the public to develop and improve partnership programs referred to in subsection (a); 
(8) describes measures taken by U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to make private sector entities aware of the trade benefits available to participants in such programs; and 
(9) summarizes the plans, targets, and 
goals of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to such programs for the 2 years following the submission of the report. 
SEC. 102. REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF TRADE 
ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the effective-ness of trade enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a description of the use of resources, re-
sults of audits and verifications, targeting, organization, and training of personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
(2) a description of trade enforcement ac-
tivities to address undervaluation, trans-shipment, legitimacy of entities making entry, protection of revenues, fraud preven-tion and detection, and penalties, including intentional misclassification, inadequate bonding, and other misrepresentations. 
SEC. 103. PRIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE 
STANDARDS FOR CUSTOMS MOD-ERNIZATION, TRADE FACILITATION, AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT FUNC-TIONS AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) P RIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner, in 
consultation with the appropriate congres-sional committees, shall establish priorities and performance standards to measure the development and levels of achievement of the customs modernization, trade facilita-tion, and trade enforcement functions and programs described in subsection (b). 
(2) M
INIMUM PRIORITIES AND STANDARDS .— 
Such priorities and performance standards 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4297 June 12, 2015 
shall, at a minimum, include priorities and 
standards relating to efficiency, outcome, output, and other types of applicable meas-ures. 
(b) F
UNCTIONS AND PROGRAMS DESCRIBED .— 
The functions and programs referred to in subsection (a) are the following: 
(1) The Automated Commercial Environ-
ment. 
(2) Each of the priority trade issues de-
scribed in section 118. 
(3) The Centers of Excellence and Expertise 
described in section 110. 
(4) Drawback for exported merchandise 
under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313), as amended by section 906 of this Act. 
(5) Transactions relating to imported mer-
chandise in bond. 
(6) Collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(7) The expedited clearance of cargo. (8) The issuance of regulations and rulings. (9) The issuance of Regulatory Audit Re-
ports. 
(c) C
ONSULTATIONS AND NOTIFICATION .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS .—The consultations re-
quired by subsection (a)(1) shall occur, at a minimum, on an annual basis. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commissioner shall 
notify the appropriate congressional com-mittees of any changes to the priorities re-ferred to in subsection (a) not later than 30 days before such changes are to take effect. 
SEC. 104. EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS TO IMPROVE 
EFFORTS TO CLASSIFY AND AP-PRAISE IMPORTED ARTICLES, TO IM-PROVE TRADE ENFORCEMENT EF-FORTS, AND TO OTHERWISE FACILI-TATE LEGITIMATE INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Commissioner 
and the Director shall establish and carry out on a fiscal year basis educational semi-nars to— 
(A) improve the ability of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection personnel to classify and appraise articles imported into the United States in accordance with the cus-toms and trade laws of the United States; 
(B) improve the trade enforcement efforts 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel; and 
(C) otherwise improve the ability and ef-
fectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection personnel and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to facilitate legitimate international trade. 
(b) C
ONTENT .— 
(1) C LASSIFYING AND APPRAISING IMPORTED  
ARTICLES .—In carrying out subsection 
(a)(1)(A), the Commissioner, the Director, and interested parties in the private sector selected under subsection (c) shall provide instruction and related instructional mate-rials at each educational seminar under this section to U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion personnel and, as appropriate, to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel on the following: 
(A) Conducting a physical inspection of an 
article imported into the United States, in-cluding testing of samples of the article, to determine if the article is mislabeled in the manifest or other accompanying documenta-tion. 
(B) Reviewing the manifest and other ac-
companying documentation of an article im-ported into the United States to determine if the country of origin of the article listed in the manifest or other accompanying docu-mentation is accurate. (C) Customs valuation. 
(D) Industry supply chains and other re-
lated matters as determined to be appro-priate by the Commissioner. 
(2) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT EFFORTS .—In car-
rying out subsection (a)(1)(B), the Commis-sioner, the Director, and interested parties in the private sector selected under sub-section (c) shall provide instruction and re-lated instructional materials at each edu-cational seminar under this section to U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel and, as appropriate, to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to identify opportunities to enhance enforcement of the following: 
(A) Collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(B) Addressing evasion of duties on imports 
of textiles. 
(C) Protection of intellectual property 
rights. 
(D) Enforcement of child labor laws. (3) A
PPROVAL OF COMMISSIONER AND DIREC -
TOR.—The instruction and related instruc-
tional materials at each educational seminar under this section shall be subject to the ap-proval of the Commissioner and the Director. 
(c) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
establish a process to solicit, evaluate, and select interested parties in the private sector for purposes of assisting in providing in-struction and related instructional materials described in subsection (b) at each edu-cational seminar under this section. 
(2) C
RITERIA .—The Commissioner shall 
evaluate and select interested parties in the private sector under the process established under paragraph (1) based on— 
(A) availability and usefulness; (B) the volume, value, and incidence of 
mislabeling or misidentification of origin of imported articles; and 
(C) other appropriate criteria established 
by the Commissioner. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Commis-
sioner and the Director shall publish in the Federal Register a detailed description of the process established under paragraph (1) and the criteria established under paragraph (2). 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ANTIDUMPING AND  
COUNTERVAILING DUTYORDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
give due consideration to carrying out an educational seminar under this section in whole or in part to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel to enforce a countervailing or anti-dumping duty order issued under section 706 or 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671e or 1673e) upon the request of a petitioner in an action underlying such countervailing or antidumping duty order. 
(2) I
NTERESTED PARTY .—A petitioner de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be treated as an interested party in the private sector for purposes of the requirements of this section. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—The Com-
missioner and the Director shall establish performance standards to measure the devel-opment and level of achievement of edu-cational seminars under this section. 
(f) R
EPORTING .—Beginning September 30, 
2016, the Commissioner and the Director shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees an annual report on the effectiveness of educational seminars under this section. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. (2) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United 
States’’ means the customs territory of the United States, as defined in General Note 2 to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
(3) U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection personnel’’ means import specialists, auditors, and other appropriate employees of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(4) U.S. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS EN -
FORCEMENT PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel’’ means Homeland Security Investiga-tions Directorate personnel and other appro-priate employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
SEC. 105. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Commis-sioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly de-velop and submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a joint strategic plan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint strategic plan re-
quired under this section shall be comprised of a comprehensive multi-year plan for trade enforcement and trade facilitation, and shall include— 
(1) a summary of actions taken during the 
2-year period preceding the submission of the plan to improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation, including a description and analysis of specific performance measures to evaluate the progress of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in meeting each such responsibility; 
(2) a statement of objectives and plans for 
further improving trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(3) a specific identification of the priority 
trade issues described in section 118, that can be addressed in order to enhance trade en-forcement and trade facilitation, and a de-scription of strategies and plans for address-ing each such issue; 
(4) a description of efforts made to improve 
consultation and coordination among and within Federal agencies, and in particular between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, regarding trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(5) a description of the training that has 
occurred to date within U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to improve trade en-forcement and trade facilitation, including training under section 104; 
(6) a description of efforts to work with the 
World Customs Organization and other inter-national organizations, in consultation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, with respect to enhancing trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(7) a description of U.S. Custom and Border 
Protection organizational benchmarks for optimizing staffing and wait times at ports of entry; 
(8) a specific identification of any domestic 
or international best practices that may fur-ther improve trade enforcement and trade fa-cilitation; 
(9) any legislative recommendations to fur-
ther improve trade enforcement and trade fa-cilitation; and 
(10) a description of efforts made to im-
prove consultation and coordination with the private sector to enhance trade enforce-ment and trade facilitation. 
(c) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In developing the joint 
strategic plan required under this section, the Commissioner and the Director of U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4298 June 12, 2015 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall 
consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from the relevant 
Federal agencies, including— 
(i) the Department of the Treasury; (ii) the Department of Agriculture; (iii) the Department of Commerce; (iv) the Department of Justice; (v) the Department of the Interior; (vi) the Department of Health and Human 
Services; 
(vii) the Food and Drug Administration; (viii) the Consumer Product Safety Com-
mission; and 
(ix) the Office of the United States Trade 
Representative; and 
(B) the Commercial Customs Operations 
Advisory Committee established by section 109. 
(2) O
THER CONSULTATIONS .—In developing 
the joint strategic plan required under this section, the Commissioner and the Director shall seek to consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from relevant for-
eign law enforcement agencies and inter-national organizations, including the World Customs Organization; and 
(B) interested parties in the private sector. 
SEC. 106. AUTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRON-
MENT. 
(a) F UNDING .—Section 13031(f)(4)(B) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)(B)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2003 through 2005’’ and in-
serting ‘‘2016 through 2018’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘such amounts as are avail-
able in that Account’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $153,736,000’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘for the development’’ and 
inserting ‘‘to complete the development and implementation’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Section 311(b)(3) of the Cus-
toms Border Security Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2075 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than Decem-
ber 31, 2016, the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report detailing— 
‘‘(i) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s 
incorporation of all core trade processing ca-pabilities, including cargo release, entry summary, cargo manifest, cargo financial data, and export data elements into the Automated Commercial Environment com-puter system authorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budg-et and Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)) not later than September 30, 2016, to conform with the admissibility criteria of agencies participating in the International Trade Data System identified pursuant to section 411(d)(4)(A)(iii) of the Tariff Act of 1930; 
‘‘(ii) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s 
remaining priorities for processing entry summary data elements, cargo manifest data elements, cargo financial data elements, and export elements in the Automated Commer-cial Environment computer system, and the objectives and plans for implementing these remaining priorities; 
‘‘(iii) the components of the National Cus-
toms Automation Program specified in sub-section (a)(2) of section 411 of the Tariff Act of 1930 that have not been implemented; and 
‘‘(iv) any additional components of the Na-
tional Customs Automation Program initi-ated by the Commissioner to complete the development, establishment, and implemen-tation of the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment computer system. ‘‘(B) U
PDATE OF REPORTS .—Not later than 
September 30, 2017, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives an updated report addressing each of the matters referred to in subparagraph (A), and— 
‘‘(i) evaluating the effectiveness of the im-
plementation of the Automated Commercial Environment computer system; and 
‘‘(ii) detailing the percentage of trade proc-
essed in the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment every month since September 30, 2016.’’. 
(c) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2017, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report— 
(1) assessing the progress of other Federal 
agencies in accessing and utilizing the Auto-mated Commercial Environment; and 
(2) assessing the potential cost savings to 
the United States Government and importers and exporters and the potential benefits to enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States if the elements identi-fied in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 311(b)(3)(A) of the Customs Border Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (b) of this section, are implemented. 
SEC. 107. INTERNATIONAL TRADE DATA SYSTEM. 
Section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1411(d)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUC -
TURE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
work with the head of each agency partici-pating in the ITDS and the Interagency Steering Committee to ensure that each agency— 
‘‘(i) develops and maintains the necessary 
information technology infrastructure to support the operation of the ITDS and to submit all data to the ITDS electronically; 
‘‘(ii) enters into a memorandum of under-
standing, or takes such other action as is necessary, to provide for the information sharing between the agency and U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection necessary for the operation and maintenance of the ITDS; 
‘‘(iii) not later than June 30, 2016, identifies 
and transmits to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection the admissi-bility criteria and data elements required by the agency to authorize the release of cargo by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for incorporation into the operational functionality of the Automated Commercial Environment computer system authorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)); and 
‘‘(iv) not later than December 31, 2016, uti-
lizes the ITDS as the primary means of re-ceiving from users the standard set of data and other relevant documentation, exclusive of applications for permits, licenses, or cer-tifications required for the release of im-ported cargo and clearance of cargo for ex-port. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to require any action to be taken that would com-promise an ongoing law enforcement inves-tigation or national security.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 
2071 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 109 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 108. CONSULTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO 
MUTUAL RECOGNITION ARRANGE-MENTS. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security, with respect to any pro-posed mutual recognition arrangement or similar agreement between the United States and a foreign government providing for mutual recognition of supply chain secu-rity programs and customs revenue func-tions, shall consult— 
(1) not later than 30 days before initiating 
negotiations to enter into any such arrange-ment or similar agreement, with the appro-priate congressional committees; and 
(2) not later than 30 days before entering 
into any such arrangement or similar agree-ment, with the appropriate congressional committees. 
(b) N
EGOTIATING OBJECTIVE .—It shall be a 
negotiating objective of the United States in any negotiation for a mutual recognition ar-rangement with a foreign country on part-nership programs, such as the Customs- Trade Partnership Against Terrorism estab-lished under subtitle B of title II of the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), to seek to ensure the compatibility of the partnership pro-grams of that country with the partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to enhance security, trade facilita-tion, and trade enforcement. 
SEC. 109. COMMERCIAL CUSTOMS OPERATIONS 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the 
date that is 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly establish a Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee 
shall be comprised of— 
(A) 20 individuals appointed under para-
graph (2); 
(B) the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy 
of the Department of the Treasury and the Commissioner, who shall jointly co-chair meetings of the Advisory Committee; and 
(C) the Assistant Secretary for Policy and 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security, who shall serve as dep-uty co-chairs of meetings of the Advisory Committee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly appoint 20 individuals from the private sector to the Advisory Com-mittee. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In making appoint-
ments under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall appoint members— 
(i) to ensure that the membership of the 
Advisory Committee is representative of the individuals and firms affected by the com-mercial operations of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection; and 
(ii) without regard to political affiliation. (C) T
ERMS .—Each individual appointed to 
the Advisory Committee under this para-graph shall be appointed for a term of not more than 3 years, and may be reappointed to subsequent terms, but may not serve more than 2 terms sequentially. 
(3) T
RANSFER OF MEMBERSHIP .—The Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4299 June 12, 2015 
serving on the Advisory Committee on Com-
mercial Operations of the United States Cus-toms Service established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to the Advisory Committee established under subsection (a). 
(c) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee es-
tablished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) advise the Secretary of the Treasury 
and the Secretary of Homeland Security on all matters involving the commercial oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, including advising with respect to sig-nificant changes that are proposed with re-spect to regulations, policies, or practices of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(2) provide recommendations to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security on improvements to the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(3) collaborate in developing the agenda for 
Advisory Committee meetings; and 
(4) perform such other functions relating 
to the commercial operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection as prescribed by law or as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly direct. 
(d) M
EETINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee 
shall meet at the call of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, or at the call of not less than 
2⁄3of 
the membership of the Advisory Committee. The Advisory Committee shall meet at least 4 times each calendar year. 
(2) O
PEN MEETINGS .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 10(a) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee meetings shall be open to the public unless the Secretary of the Treasury or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security determines that the meeting will include matters the disclosure of which would compromise the development of policies, priorities, or negoti-ating objectives or positions that could im-pact the commercial operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or the oper-ations or investigations of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than De-
cember 31, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Advisory Committee shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(1) describes the activities of the Advisory 
Committee during the preceding fiscal year; and 
(2) sets forth any recommendations of the 
Advisory Committee regarding the commer-cial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14(a)(2) of the 
Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.; relating to the termination of advisory committees) shall not apply to the Advisory Committee. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the date on 
which the Advisory Committee is established under subsection (a), section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is repealed. 
(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in law to 
the Advisory Committee on Commercial Op-erations of the United States Customs Serv-ice established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) made on or after the date on which the Advisory Committee is es-tablished under subsection (a), shall be deemed a reference to the Commercial Cus-toms Operations Advisory Committee estab-lished under subsection (a). SEC. 110. CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE AND EXPER-
TISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall, 
in consultation with the appropriate con-gressional committees and the Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee es-tablished by section 109, develop and imple-ment Centers of Excellence and Expertise throughout U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion that— 
(1) enhance the economic competitiveness 
of the United States by consistently enforc-ing the laws and regulations of the United States at all ports of entry of the United States and by facilitating the flow of legiti-mate trade through increasing industry- based knowledge; 
(2) improve enforcement efforts, including 
enforcement of priority trade issues de-scribed in section 118, in specific industry sectors through the application of targeting information from the National Targeting Center under section 111 and from other means of verification; 
(3) build upon the expertise of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection in particular in-dustry operations, supply chains, and com-pliance requirements; 
(4) promote the uniform implementation at 
each port of entry of the United States of policies and regulations relating to imports; 
(5) centralize the trade enforcement and 
trade facilitation efforts of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(6) formalize an account-based approach to 
apply, as the Commissioner determines ap-propriate, to the importation of merchandise into the United States; 
(7) foster partnerships though the expan-
sion of trade programs and other trusted partner programs; 
(8) develop applicable performance meas-
urements to meet internal efficiency and ef-fectiveness goals; and 
(9) whenever feasible, facilitate a more effi-
cient flow of information between Federal agencies. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Commissioner shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port describing— 
(1) the scope, functions, and structure of 
each Center of Excellence and Expertise de-veloped and implemented under subsection (a); 
(2) the effectiveness of each such Center of 
Excellence and Expertise in improving en-forcement efforts, including enforcement of priority trade issues described in section 118, and facilitating legitimate trade; 
(3) the quantitative and qualitative bene-
fits of each such Center of Excellence and Expertise to the trade community, including through fostering partnerships through the expansion of trade programs such as the Im-porter Self Assessment program and other trusted partner programs; 
(4) all applicable performance measure-
ments with respect to each such Center of Excellence and Expertise, including perform-ance measures with respect to meeting inter-nal efficiency and effectiveness goals; 
(5) the performance of each such Center of 
Excellence and Expertise in increasing the accuracy and completeness of data with re-spect to international trade and facilitating a more efficient flow of information between Federal agencies; and 
(6) any planned changes in the number, 
scope, functions or any other aspect of the Centers of Excellence and Expertise devel-oped and implemented under subsection (a). 
SEC. 111. COMMERCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT TAR-
GETING AND TRADE ALERTS. 
(a) C OMMERCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT TAR-
GETING .—In carrying out its duties under sec-
tion 411(g)(4) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 802(a) of this Act, 
the National Targeting Center shall— 
(1) establish targeted risk assessment 
methodologies and standards— 
(A) for evaluating the risk that cargo des-
tined for the United States may violate the customs and trade laws of the United States, particularly those laws applicable to mer-chandise subject to the priority trade issues described in section 118; and 
(B) for issuing, as appropriate, Trade 
Alerts described in subsection (b); 
(2) to the extent practicable and otherwise 
authorized by law, use, to administer the methodologies and standards established under paragraph (1)— 
(A) publicly available information; (B) information available from the Auto-
mated Commercial System, the Automated Commercial Environment computer system, the Automated Targeting System, the Auto-mated Export System, the International Trade Data System, the TECS (formerly known as the ‘‘Treasury Enforcement Com-munications System’’), the case manage-ment system of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, and any successor sys-tems; and 
(C) information made available to the Na-
tional Targeting Center, including informa-tion provided by private sector entities; and 
(3) provide for the receipt and transmission 
to the appropriate U.S. Customs and Border Protection offices of allegations from inter-ested parties in the private sector of viola-tions of customs and trade laws of the United States of merchandise relating to the priority trade issues described in section 118. 
(b) T
RADE ALERTS .— 
(1) I SSUANCE .—In carrying out its duties 
under section 411(g)(4) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 802(a) of this Act, and based upon the application of the targeted risk assessment methodologies and standards established under subsection (a), the Executive Director of the National Targeting Center may issue Trade Alerts to directors of United States ports of entry di-recting further inspection, or physical exam-ination or testing, of specific merchandise to ensure compliance with all applicable cus-toms and trade laws and regulations admin-istered by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. 
(2) D
ETERMINATIONS NOT TO IMPLEMENT  
TRADE ALERTS .—The director of a United 
States port of entry may determine not to conduct further inspections, or physical ex-amination or testing, pursuant to a Trade Alert issued under paragraph (1) if— 
(A) the director finds that such a deter-
mination is justified by port security inter-ests; and 
(B) not later than 48 hours after making 
the determination, notifies the Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion of the determination and the reasons for the determination. 
(3) S
UMMARY OF DETERMINATIONS NOT TO IM -
PLEMENT .—The Assistant Commissioner of 
the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection shall— 
(A) compile an annual public summary of 
all determinations by directors of United States ports of entry under paragraph (2) and the reasons for those determinations; 
(B) conduct an evaluation of the utiliza-
tion of Trade Alerts issued under paragraph (1); and 
(C) not later than December 31 of each 
year, submit the summary to the appro-priate congressional committees. 
(4) I
NSPECTION DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘inspection’’ means the comprehensive evaluation process used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4300 June 12, 2015 
than physical examination or testing, to per-
mit the entry of merchandise into the United States, or the clearance of merchandise for transportation in bond through the United States, for purposes of— 
(A) assessing duties; (B) identifying restricted or prohibited 
items; and 
(C) ensuring compliance with all applicable 
customs and trade laws and regulations ad-ministered by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. 
(c) U
SE OF TRADE DATA FOR COMMERCIAL  
ENFORCEMENT PURPOSES .—Section 
343(a)(3)(F) of the Trade Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(F) The information collected pursuant to 
the regulations shall be used exclusively for ensuring cargo safety and security, pre-venting smuggling, and commercial risk as-sessment targeting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, in-cluding for determining merchandise entry. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, nothing in this section shall be treated as amending, repealing, or otherwise modifying title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 or regula-tions promulgated thereunder.’’. 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF REVENUE 
PROTECTION AND ENFORCEMENT MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later the March 31, 
2016, and not later than March 31 of each sec-ond year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report assess-ing, with respect to the period covered by the report, as specified in subsection (b), the following: 
(1) The effectiveness of the measures taken 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to protection of revenue, including— 
(A) the collection of countervailing duties 
assessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.); 
(B) the assessment, collection, and mitiga-
tion of commercial fines and penalties; 
(C) the use of bonds, including continuous 
and single transaction bonds, to secure that revenue; and 
(D) the adequacy of the policies of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection with respect to the monitoring and tracking of merchan-dise transported in bond and collecting du-ties, as appropriate. 
(2) The effectiveness of actions taken by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection to measure accountability and performance with respect to protection of revenue. 
(3) The number and outcome of investiga-
tions instituted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the under-payment of duties. 
(4) The effectiveness of training with re-
spect to the collection of duties provided for personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. 
(b) P
ERIOD COVERED BY REPORT .—Each re-
port required by subsection (a) shall cover the period of 2 fiscal years ending on Sep-tember 30 of the calendar year preceding the submission of the report. 
SEC. 113. REPORT ON SECURITY AND REVENUE 
MEASURES WITH RESPECT TO MER-CHANDISE TRANSPORTED IN BOND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 
31 of 2016, 2017, and 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of the Treasury shall jointly submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on efforts under-taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure the secure transportation of 
merchandise in bond through the United States and the collection of revenue owed upon the entry of such merchandise into the United States for consumption. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include, for the fiscal year preceding the submission of the report, information on— 
(1) the overall number of entries of mer-
chandise for transportation in bond through the United States; 
(2) the ports at which merchandise arrives 
in the United States for transportation in bond and at which records of the arrival of such merchandise are generated; 
(3) the average time taken to reconcile 
such records with the records at the final destination of the merchandise in the United States to demonstrate that the merchandise reaches its final destination or is re-ex-ported; 
(4) the average time taken to transport 
merchandise in bond from the port at which the merchandise arrives in the United States to its final destination in the United States; 
(5) the total amount of duties, taxes, and 
fees owed with respect to shipments of mer-chandise transported in bond and the total amount of such duties, taxes, and fees paid; 
(6) the total number of notifications by 
carriers of merchandise being transported in bond that the destination of the merchandise has changed; and 
(7) the number of entries that remain 
unreconciled. 
SEC. 114. IMPORTER OF RECORD PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the 
date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish an importer of record program to assign and maintain im-porter of record numbers. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that, as part of the importer of record program, U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion— 
(1) develops criteria that importers must 
meet in order to obtain an importer of record number, including— 
(A) criteria to ensure sufficient informa-
tion is collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to verify the existence of the importer requesting the importer of record number; 
(B) criteria to ensure sufficient informa-
tion is collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to identify linkages or other affiliations between importers that are requesting or have been assigned importer of record numbers; and 
(C) criteria to ensure sufficient informa-
tion is collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to identify changes in ad-dress and corporate structure of importers; 
(2) provides a process by which importers 
are assigned importer of record numbers; 
(3) maintains a centralized database of im-
porter of record numbers, including a history of importer of record numbers associated with each importer, and the information de-scribed in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (1); 
(4) evaluates and maintains the accuracy 
of the database if such information changes; and 
(5) takes measures to ensure that duplicate 
importer of record numbers are not issued. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on the importer of record pro-gram established under subsection (a). 
(d) N
UMBER DEFINED .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘‘number’’, with respect to an im-porter of record, means a filing identifica-
tion number described in section 24.5 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or any cor-responding similar regulation) that fully supports the requirements of subsection (b) with respect to the collection and mainte-nance of information. 
SEC. 115. ESTABLISHMENT OF NEW IMPORTER 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commissioner shall es-tablish a new importer program that directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ad-just bond amounts for new importers based on the level of risk assessed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for protection of rev-
enue of the Federal Government. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Commissioner 
shall ensure that, as part of the new im-porter program established under subsection (a), U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(1) develops risk-based criteria for deter-
mining which importers are considered to be new importers for the purposes of this sub-section; 
(2) develops risk assessment guidelines for 
new importers to determine if and to what extent— 
(A) to adjust bond amounts of imported 
products of new importers; and 
(B) to increase screening of imported prod-
ucts of new importers; 
(3) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new im-porters relating to the enforcement of the priority trade issues described in section 118; 
(4) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new im-porters by Centers of Excellence and Exper-tise established under section 110; and 
(5) establishes a centralized database of 
new importers to ensure accuracy of infor-mation that is required to be provided by new importers to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
SEC. 116. CUSTOMS BROKER IDENTIFICATION OF 
IMPORTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) I
DENTIFICATION OF IMPORTERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe regulations setting forth the min-imum standards for customs brokers and im-porters, including nonresident importers, re-garding the identity of the importer that shall apply in connection with the importa-tion of merchandise into the United States. 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The regula-
tions shall, at a minimum, require customs brokers to implement, and importers (after being given adequate notice) to comply with, reasonable procedures for— 
‘‘(A) collecting the identity of importers, 
including nonresident importers, seeking to import merchandise into the United States to the extent reasonable and practicable; and 
‘‘(B) maintaining records of the informa-
tion used to substantiate a person’s identity, including name, address, and other identi-fying information. 
‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES .—Any customs broker who 
fails to collect information required under the regulations prescribed under this sub-section shall be liable to the United States, at the discretion of the Secretary, for a mon-etary penalty not to exceed $10,000 for each violation of those regulations and subject to revocation or suspension of a license or per-mit of the customs broker pursuant to the procedures set forth in subsection (d). 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘importer’ means one of the 
parties qualifying as an importer of record under section 484(a)(2)(B); and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘nonresident importer’ 
means an importer who is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4301 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(i) an individual who is not a citizen of 
the United States or an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence in the United States; or 
‘‘(ii) a partnership, corporation, or other 
commercial entity that is not organized under the laws of a jurisdiction within the customs territory of the United States (as such term is defined in General Note 2 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States) or in the Virgin Islands of the United States.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to Congress a report containing rec-ommendations for— 
(1) determining the most timely and effec-
tive way to require foreign nationals to pro-vide customs brokers with appropriate and accurate information, comparable to that which is required of United States nationals, concerning the identity, address, and other related information relating to such foreign nationals necessary to enable customs bro-kers to comply with the requirements of sec-tion 641(i) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and 
(2) establishing a system for customs bro-
kers to review information maintained by relevant Federal agencies for purposes of verifying the identities of importers, includ-ing nonresident importers, seeking to import merchandise into the United States. 
SEC. 117. REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO NON- 
RESIDENT IMPORTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of title IV of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1481 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 484b the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 484c. REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO 
NON-RESIDENT IMPORTERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), if an importer of record under section 484 is not a resident of the United States, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall require the non- resident importer to designate a resident agent in the United States subject to the re-quirements described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The requirements de-
scribed in this subsection are the following: 
‘‘(1) The resident agent shall be authorized 
to accept service of process against the non- resident importer in connection with the im-portation of merchandise. 
‘‘(2) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection shall require the non- resident importer to establish a power of at-torney with the resident agent in connection with the importation of merchandise. 
‘‘(c) N
ON-APPLICABILITY .—The requirements 
of this section shall not apply with respect to a non-resident importer who is a validated Tier 2 or Tier 3 participant in the Customs- Trade Partnership Against Terrorism pro-gram established under subtitle B of title II of the SAFE Port Act (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.). 
‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for 
any person to import into the United States any merchandise in violation of this section. 
‘‘(2) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Any person who vio-
lates paragraph (1) shall be liable for a civil penalty of $50,000 for each such violation. 
‘‘(3) O
THER PENALTIES .—In addition to the 
penalties specified in paragraph (2), any vio-lation of this section that violates any other customs and trade laws of the United States shall be subject to any applicable civil and criminal penalty, including seizure and for-feiture, that may be imposed under such cus-toms or trade law or title 18, United States Code, with respect to the importation of merchandise. 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘customs and trade laws of the United States’ has the meaning given such term in 
section 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 484c of the 
Tariff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (a), takes effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to the im-portation, on or after the date that is 180 days after such date of enactment, of mer-chandise of an importer of record under sec-tion 484 of the Tariff Act of 1930 who is not a resident of the United States. 
SEC. 118. PRIORITY TRADE ISSUES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
establish the following as priority trade issues: 
(1) Agriculture programs. (2) Antidumping and countervailing duties. (3) Import safety. (4) Intellectual property rights. (5) Revenue. (6) Textiles and wearing apparel. (7) Trade agreements and preference pro-
grams. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION .—The Commissioner is 
authorized to establish new priority trade issues and eliminate, consolidate, or other-wise modify the priority trade issues de-scribed in subsection (a) if the Commis-sioner— 
(1) determines it necessary and appropriate 
to do so; and 
(2) submits to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a summary of the pro-posed changes to the priority trade issues not later than 60 days before such changes are to take effect. 
SEC. 119. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEES DEFINED. 
In this title, the term ‘‘appropriate con-
gressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Finance and the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
SEC. 201. INTERAGENCY IMPORT SAFETY WORK-
ING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an interagency Import Safety Working Group. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The interagency Import 
Safety Working Group shall consist of the following officials or their designees: 
(1) The Secretary of Homeland Security, 
who shall serve as the Chair. 
(2) The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, who shall serve as the Vice Chair. 
(3) The Secretary of the Treasury. (4) The Secretary of Commerce. (5) The Secretary of Agriculture. (6) The United States Trade Representa-
tive. 
(7) The Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget. 
(8) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. (9) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection. 
(10) The Chairman of the Consumer Prod-
uct Safety Commission. 
(11) The Director of U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement. 
(12) The head of any other Federal agency 
designated by the President to participate in the interagency Import Safety Working Group, as appropriate. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the interagency 
Import Safety Working Group shall include— 
(1) consulting on the development of the 
joint import safety rapid response plan re-quired by section 202; 
(2) periodically evaluating the adequacy of 
the plans, practices, and resources of the Federal Government dedicated to ensuring the safety of merchandise imported in the United States and the expeditious entry of 
such merchandise, including— 
(A) minimizing the duplication of efforts 
among agencies the heads of which are mem-bers of the interagency Import Safety Work-ing Group and ensuring the compatibility of the policies and regulations of those agen-cies; and 
(B) recommending additional administra-
tive actions, as appropriate, designed to en-sure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise and considering the im-pact of those actions on private sector enti-ties; 
(3) reviewing the engagement and coopera-
tion of foreign governments and foreign manufacturers in facilitating the inspection and certification, as appropriate, of such merchandise to be imported into the United States and the facilities producing such mer-chandise to ensure the safety of the mer-chandise and the expeditious entry of the merchandise into the United States; 
(4) identifying best practices, in consulta-
tion with private sector entities as appro-priate, to assist United States importers in taking all appropriate steps to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States, including with respect to— 
(A) the inspection of manufacturing facili-
ties in foreign countries; 
(B) the inspection of merchandise destined 
for the United States before exportation from a foreign country or before distribution in the United States; and 
(C) the protection of the international sup-
ply chain (as defined in section 2 of the Secu-rity and Accountability For Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 901)); 
(5) identifying best practices to assist Fed-
eral, State, and local governments and agen-cies, and port authorities, to improve com-munication and coordination among such agencies and authorities with respect to en-suring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise; and 
(6) otherwise identifying appropriate steps 
to increase the accountability of United States importers and the engagement of for-eign government agencies with respect to en-suring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise. 
SEC. 202. JOINT IMPORT SAFETY RAPID RE-
SPONSE PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 
31, 2016, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the interagency Import Safety Working Group established under sec-tion 201, shall develop a plan (to be known as the ‘‘joint import safety rapid response plan’’) that sets forth protocols and defines practices for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to use— 
(1) in taking action in response to, and co-
ordinating Federal responses to, an incident in which cargo destined for or merchandise entering the United States has been identi-fied as posing a threat to the health or safe-ty of consumers in the United States; and 
(2) in recovering from or mitigating the ef-
fects of actions and responses to an incident described in paragraph (1). 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint import safety 
rapid response plan shall address— 
(1) the statutory and regulatory authori-
ties and responsibilities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agen-cies in responding to an incident described in subsection (a)(1); 
(2) the protocols and practices to be used 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection when taking action in response to, and coordi-nating Federal responses to, such an inci-dent; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4302 June 12, 2015 
(3) the measures to be taken by U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection and other Fed-eral agencies in recovering from or miti-gating the effects of actions taken in re-sponse to such an incident after the incident to ensure the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States; and 
(4) exercises that U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection may conduct in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies, and pri-vate sector entities, to simulate responses to such an incident. 
(c) U
PDATES OF PLAN.—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall review and update the joint import safety rapid response plan, as appropriate, after conducting exercises under subsection (d). 
(d) I
MPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY EXER-
CISES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security and the Commissioner shall periodically engage in the exercises referred to in subsection (b)(4), in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies and pri-vate sector entities, as appropriate, to test and evaluate the protocols and practices identified in the joint import safety rapid re-sponse plan at United States ports of entry. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EXERCISES .—In con-
ducting exercises under paragraph (1), the Secretary and the Commissioner shall— 
(A) make allowance for the resources, 
needs, and constraints of United States ports of entry of different sizes in representative geographic locations across the United States; 
(B) base evaluations on current risk assess-
ments of merchandise entering the United States at representative United States ports of entry located across the United States; 
(C) ensure that such exercises are con-
ducted in a manner consistent with the Na-tional Incident Management System, the Na-tional Response Plan, the National Infra-structure Protection Plan, the National Pre-paredness Guidelines, the Maritime Trans-portation System Security Plan, and other such national initiatives of the Department of Homeland Security, as appropriate; and 
(D) develop metrics with respect to the re-
sumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States after an incident described in subsection (a)(1). 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TESTING AND EVAL -
UATION .—The Secretary and the Commis-
sioner shall ensure that the testing and eval-uation carried out in conducting exercises under paragraph (1)— 
(A) are performed using clear and objective 
performance measures; and 
(B) result in the identification of specific 
recommendations or best practices for re-sponding to an incident described in sub-section (a)(1). 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS  
AND BEST PRACTICES .—The Secretary and the 
Commissioner shall— 
(A) share the recommendations or best 
practices identified under paragraph (3)(B) among the members of the interagency Im-port Safety Working Group established under section 201 and with, as appropriate— 
(i) State, local, and tribal governments; (ii) foreign governments; and (iii) private sector entities; and (B) use such recommendations and best 
practices to update the joint import safety rapid response plan. 
SEC. 203. TRAINING. 
The Commissioner shall ensure that per-
sonnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion assigned to United States ports of entry are trained to effectively administer the pro-visions of this title and to otherwise assist in ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise. TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTEC-
TION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITION OF INTELLECTUAL PROP-
ERTY RIGHTS. 
In this title, the term ‘‘intellectual prop-
erty rights’’ refers to copyrights, trade-marks, and other forms of intellectual prop-erty rights that are enforced by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement. 
SEC. 302. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RELATED 
TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 628 (19 U.S.C. 1628) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 628A. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RE-
LATED TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections 
(c) and (d), if the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection suspects that merchandise is being imported into the United States in violation of section 526 of this Act or section 602, 1201(a)(2), or 1201(b)(1) of title 17, United States Code, and deter-mines that the examination or testing of the merchandise by a person described in sub-section (b) would assist the Commissioner in determining if the merchandise is being im-ported in violation of that section, the Com-missioner, to permit the person to conduct the examination and testing— 
‘‘(1) shall provide to the person informa-
tion that appears on the merchandise and its packaging and labels, including unredacted images of the merchandise and its packaging and labels; and 
‘‘(2) may, subject to any applicable bonding 
requirements, provide to the person unredacted samples of the merchandise. 
‘‘(b) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person de-
scribed in this subsection is— 
‘‘(1) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being imported in violation of section 526, the owner of the trademark suspected of being copied or simulated by the merchan-dise; 
‘‘(2) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being imported in violation of section 602 of title 17, United States Code, the owner of the copyright suspected of being infringed by the merchandise; 
‘‘(3) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under that title, and being imported in violation of section 1201(a)(2) of that title, the owner of a copyright in the work; and 
‘‘(4) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing protection af-forded by a technological measure that effec-tively protects a right of an owner of a copy-right in a work or a portion of a work, and being imported in violation of section 1201(b)(1) of that title, the owner of the copy-right. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (a) applies 
only with respect to merchandise suspected of infringing a trademark or copyright that is recorded with U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—The Commissioner may 
not provide under subsection (a) informa-tion, photographs, or samples to a person de-scribed in subsection (b) if providing such in-formation, photographs, or samples would compromise an ongoing law enforcement in-vestigation or national security.’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF PREVIOUS AUTHORITY .— 
Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 818(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1496; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), paragraph (1) of that section shall have no force or ef-fect on or after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
SEC. 303. SEIZURE OF CIRCUMVENTION DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 596(c)(2) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1595a(c)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
determines it is a technology, product, serv-ice, device, component, or part thereof the importation of which is prohibited under subsection (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF PERSONS INJURED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 30 business days after seizing mer-chandise pursuant to subparagraph (G) of section 596(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (a), the Commissioner shall provide to any person identified under paragraph (2) information regarding the mer-chandise seized that is equivalent to infor-mation provided to copyright owners under regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection for merchandise seized for violation of the copyright laws. 
(2) P
ERSONS TO BE PROVIDED INFORMATION .— 
Any person injured by the violation of (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code, that resulted in the seizure of the merchandise shall be provided informa-tion under paragraph (1), if that person is in-cluded on a list maintained by the Commis-sioner that is revised annually through pub-lication in the Federal Register. 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations establishing procedures that im-plement this subsection. 
SEC. 304. ENFORCEMENT BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND 
BORDER PROTECTION OF WORKS FOR WHICH COPYRIGHT REGISTRA-TION IS PENDING. 
Not later than the date that is 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall authorize a process pursuant to which the Commissioner shall enforce a copyright for which the owner has submitted an applica-tion for registration under title 17, United States Code, with the United States Copy-right Office, to the same extent and in the same manner as if the copyright were reg-istered with the Copyright Office, including by sharing information, images, and samples of merchandise suspected of infringing the copyright under section 628A of the Tariff 
Act of 1930, as added by section 302. 
SEC. 305. NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall— 
(1) establish within U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement a National Intellec-tual Property Rights Coordination Center; and 
(2) appoint an Assistant Director to head 
the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center. 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Assistant Director of the 
National Intellectual Property Rights Co-ordination Center shall— 
(1) coordinate the investigation of sources 
of merchandise that infringe intellectual property rights to identify organizations and individuals that produce, smuggle, or dis-tribute such merchandise; 
(2) conduct and coordinate training with 
other domestic and international law en-forcement agencies on investigative best practices— 
(A) to develop and expand the capability of 
such agencies to enforce intellectual prop-erty rights; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4303 June 12, 2015 
(B) to develop metrics to assess whether 
the training improved enforcement of intel-lectual property rights; 
(3) coordinate, with U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection, activities conducted by the United States to prevent the importation or exportation of merchandise that infringes in-tellectual property rights; 
(4) support the international interdiction 
of merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights; 
(5) collect and integrate information re-
garding infringement of intellectual prop-erty rights from domestic and international 
law enforcement agencies and other non- Federal sources; 
(6) develop a means to receive and organize 
information regarding infringement of intel-lectual property rights from such agencies and other sources; 
(7) disseminate information regarding in-
fringement of intellectual property rights to other Federal agencies, as appropriate; 
(8) develop and implement risk-based alert 
systems, in coordination with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to improve the tar-geting of persons that repeatedly infringe in-tellectual property rights; 
(9) coordinate with the offices of United 
States attorneys in order to develop exper-tise in, and assist with the investigation and prosecution of, crimes relating to the in-fringement of intellectual property rights; and 
(10) carry out such other duties as the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may assign. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AGENCIES .— 
In carrying out the duties described in sub-section (b), the Assistant Director of the Na-tional Intellectual Property Rights Coordi-nation Center shall coordinate with— 
(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (2) the Food and Drug Administration; (3) the Department of Justice; (4) the Department of Commerce, including 
the United States Patent and Trademark Of-fice; 
(5) the United States Postal Inspection 
Service; 
(6) the Office of the United States Trade 
Representative; 
(7) any Federal, State, local, or inter-
national law enforcement agencies that the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement considers appropriate; and 
(8) any other entities that the Director 
considers appropriate. 
(d) P
RIVATE SECTOR OUTREACH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Director of 
the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center shall work with U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies to conduct outreach to pri-vate sector entities in order to determine trends in and methods of infringing intellec-tual property rights. 
(2) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Assistant 
Director shall share information and best practices with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights with private sec-tor entities, as appropriate, in order to co-ordinate public and private sector efforts to combat the infringement of intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 306. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN FOR THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
The Commissioner and the Director of U.S. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall include in the joint strategic plan required by section 105— 
(1) a description of the efforts of the De-
partment of Homeland Security to enforce intellectual property rights; 
(2) a list of the 10 United States ports of 
entry at which U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection has seized the most merchandise, both by volume and by value, that infringes 
intellectual property rights during the most recent 2-year period for which data are avail-able; and 
(3) a recommendation for the optimal allo-
cation of personnel, resources, and tech-nology to ensure that U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement are adequately enforc-ing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 307. PERSONNEL DEDICATED TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) P ERSONNEL OF U.S. C USTOMS AND BOR-
DERPROTECTION .—The Commissioner and the 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall ensure that sufficient per-sonnel are assigned throughout U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, respectively, who have responsibility for preventing the impor-tation into the United States of merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights. 
(b) S
TAFFING OF NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER .— 
The Commissioner shall— 
(1) assign not fewer than 3 full-time em-
ployees of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center established under section 305; and 
(2) ensure that sufficient personnel are as-
signed to United States ports of entry to carry out the directives of the Center. 
SEC. 308. TRAINING WITH RESPECT TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) T RAINING .—The Commissioner shall en-
sure that officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are trained to effectively detect and identify merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights, including through the use of technologies identified under subsection (c). 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHPRIVATE SECTOR .— 
The Commissioner shall consult with private sector entities to better identify opportuni-ties for collaboration between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and such entities with respect to training for officers of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection in enforcing in-tellectual property rights. 
(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF NEWTECHNOLOGIES .— 
In consultation with private sector entities, the Commissioner shall identify— 
(1) technologies with the cost-effective ca-
pability to detect and identify merchandise at United States ports of entry that in-fringes intellectual property rights; and 
(2) cost-effective programs for training of-
ficers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use such technologies. 
(d) D
ONATIONS OF TECHNOLOGY .—Not later 
than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commis-sioner shall prescribe regulations to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection to re-ceive donations of hardware, software, equip-ment, and similar technologies, and to ac-cept training and other support services, from private sector entities, for the purpose of enforcing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 309. INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND 
INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) C OOPERATION .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall coordinate with the com-petent law enforcement and customs au-thorities of foreign countries, including by sharing information relevant to enforcement actions, to enhance the efforts of the United States and such authorities to enforce intel-lectual property rights. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
of Homeland Security shall provide technical assistance to competent law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries to enhance the ability of such authorities to enforce intellectual property rights. (c) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—The 
Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement shall lead interagency efforts to collaborate with law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries to enforce intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 310. REPORT ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS ENFORCEMENT. 
Not later than June 30, 2016, and annually 
thereafter, the Commissioner and the Direc-tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement shall jointly submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that contains the following: 
(1) With respect to the enforcement of in-
tellectual property rights, the following: 
(A) The number of referrals, during the 
preceding year, from U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection to U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement relating to infringement of intellectual property rights . 
(B) The number of investigations relating 
to the infringement of intellectual property rights referred by U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement to a United States attor-ney for prosecution and the United States attorneys to which those investigations were referred. 
(C) The number of such investigations ac-
cepted by each such United States attorney and the status or outcome of each such in-vestigation. 
(D) The number of such investigations that 
resulted in the imposition of civil or crimi-nal penalties. 
(E) A description of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
tom and Border Protection and U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement to im-prove the success rates of investigations and prosecutions relating to the infringement of intellectual property rights. 
(2) An estimate of the average time re-
quired by the Office of International Trade of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to re-spond to a request from port personnel for advice with respect to whether merchandise detained by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion infringed intellectual property rights, distinguished by types of intellectual prop-erty rights infringed. 
(3) A summary of the outreach efforts of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement with respect to— 
(A) the interdiction and investigation of, 
and the sharing of information between those agencies and other Federal agencies to prevent, the infringement of intellectual property rights; 
(B) collaboration with private sector enti-
ties— 
(i) to identify trends in the infringement 
of, and technologies that infringe, intellec-tual property rights; 
(ii) to identify opportunities for enhanced 
training of officers of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
(iii) to develop best practices to enforce in-
tellectual property rights; and 
(C) coordination with foreign governments 
and international organizations with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
(4) A summary of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection and U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement to address the challenges with respect to the enforce-ment of intellectual property rights pre-sented by Internet commerce and the transit of small packages and an identification of the volume, value, and type of merchandise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4304 June 12, 2015 
seized for infringing intellectual property 
rights as a result of such efforts. 
(5) A summary of training relating to the 
enforcement of intellectual property rights conducted under section 308 and expenditures for such training. 
SEC. 311. INFORMATION FOR TRAVELERS RE-
GARDING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLEC-TUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall develop and carry out an educational campaign to inform travelers entering or leaving the United States about the legal, economic, and public health and safety implications of acquiring merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights outside the United States and importing such merchandise into the United States in violation of United States law. 
(b) D
ECLARATION FORMS .—The Commis-
sioner shall ensure that all versions of Dec-laration Form 6059B of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or a successor form, in-cluding any electronic equivalent of Declara-tion Form 6059B or a successor form, printed or displayed on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act include a written warning to inform travelers arriving in the United States that importation of merchandise into the United States that infringes intellectual property rights may subject travelers to civil or criminal penalties and may pose serious risks to safety or health. 
TITLE IV—PREVENTION OF EVASION OF 
ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing 
Recurring Trade Evasion and Circumvention Act’’ or ‘‘PROTECT Act’’. 
SEC. 402. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Finance and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OVERED MERCHANDISE .—The term ‘‘cov-
ered merchandise’’ means merchandise that is subject to— 
(A) a countervailing duty order issued 
under section 706 of the Tariff Act of 1930; or 
(B) an antidumping duty order issued 
under section 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘eligible small 
business’’ means any business concern which, in the Commissioner’s judgment, due to its small size, has neither adequate inter-nal resources nor financial ability to obtain qualified outside assistance in preparing and submitting for consideration allegations of evasion. 
(B) N
ONREVIEWABILITY .—Any agency deci-
sion regarding whether a business concern is an eligible small business for purposes of sec-tion 411(b)(4)(E) is not reviewable by any other agency or by any court. 
(4) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and 
‘‘entry’’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, in the cus-toms territory of the United States. 
(5) E
VADE ; EVASION .—The terms ‘‘evade’’ 
and ‘‘evasion’’ refer to entering covered mer-chandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of any document or electronically transmitted data or informa-tion, written or oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash de-posit or other security or any amount of ap-plicable antidumping or countervailing du-ties being reduced or not being applied with 
respect to the merchandise. 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(7) T RADE REMEDY LAWS .—The term ‘‘trade 
remedy laws’’ means title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930. 
SEC. 403. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), this title and the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
S
UBTITLE A—A CTIONS RELATING TO  
ENFORCEMENT OF TRADE REMEDY LAWS 
SEC. 411. TRADE REMEDY LAW ENFORCEMENT 
DIVISION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall establish and maintain within the Office of International Trade of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, estab-lished under section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), a Trade Remedy Law Enforcement Division. 
(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Trade Law Remedy 
Enforcement Division shall be composed of— 
(A) headquarters personnel led by a Direc-
tor, who shall report to the Assistant Com-missioner of the Office of International Trade; and 
(B) a National Targeting and Analysis 
Group dedicated to preventing and coun-tering evasion. 
(3) D
UTIES .—The Trade Remedy Law En-
forcement Division shall be dedicated— 
(A) to the development and administration 
of policies to prevent and counter evasion; 
(B) to direct enforcement and compliance 
assessment activities concerning evasion; 
(C) to the development and conduct of 
commercial risk assessment targeting with respect to cargo destined for the United States in accordance with subsection (c); 
(D) to issuing Trade Alerts described in 
subsection (d); and 
(E) to the development of policies for the 
application of single entry and continuous bonds for entries of covered merchandise to sufficiently protect the collection of anti-dumping and countervailing duties commen-surate with the level of risk of noncollection. 
(b) D
UTIES OF DIRECTOR .—The duties of the 
Director of the Trade Remedy Law Enforce-ment Division shall include— 
(1) directing the trade enforcement and 
compliance assessment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection that concern evasion; 
(2) facilitating, promoting, and coordi-
nating cooperation and the exchange of in-formation between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and other relevant agencies re-garding evasion; 
(3) notifying on a timely basis the admin-
istering authority (as defined in section 771(1) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(1))) and the Commission (as defined in section 771(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(2))) of any finding, determination, civil action, or criminal action taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or other Fed-eral agency regarding evasion; 
(4) serving as the primary liaison between 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the public regarding United States Government activities concerning evasion, including— 
(A) receive and transmit to the appropriate 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection office allegations from parties of evasion; 
(B) upon request by the party or parties 
that submitted an allegation of evasion, pro-vide information to such party or parties on the status of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-
tection’s consideration of the allegation and decision to pursue or not pursue any admin-istrative inquiries or other actions, such as changes in policies, procedures, or resource allocation as a result of the allegation; 
(C) as needed, request from the party or 
parties that submitted an allegation of eva-sion any additional information that may be relevant for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection determining whether to initiate an administrative inquiry or take any other ac-tion regarding the allegation; 
(D) notify on a timely basis the party or 
parties that submitted such an allegation of the results of any administrative, civil or criminal actions taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or other Federal agency regarding evasion as a direct or indirect re-sult of the allegation; 
(E) upon request, provide technical assist-
ance and advice to eligible small businesses to enable such businesses to prepare and sub-mit allegations of evasion, except that the Director may deny assistance if the Director concludes that the allegation, if submitted, would not lead to the initiation of an admin-istrative inquiry or any other action to ad-dress the allegation; 
(F) in cooperation with the public, the 
Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee, the Trade Support Network, and any other relevant parties and organizations, develop guidelines on the types and nature of information that may be provided in allega-tions of evasion; and 
(G) regularly consult with the public, the 
Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee, the Trade Support Network, and any other relevant parties and organizations regarding the development and implementa-tion of regulations, interpretations, and poli-cies related to countering evasion. 
(c) P
REVENTING AND COUNTERING EVASION  
OF THE TRADE REMEDY LAWS.—In carrying 
out its duties with respect to preventing and countering evasion, the National Targeting and Analysis Group dedicated to preventing and countering evasion shall— 
(1) establish targeted risk assessment 
methodologies and standards— 
(A) for evaluating the risk that cargo des-
tined for the United States may constitute evading covered merchandise; and 
(B) for issuing, as appropriate, Trade 
Alerts described in subsection (d); and 
(2) to the extent practicable and otherwise 
authorized by law, use information available from the Automated Commercial System, the Automated Commercial Environment computer system, the Automated Targeting System, the Automated Export System, the International Trade Data System, and the TECS, and any similar and successor sys-tems, to administer the methodologies and standards established under paragraph (1). 
(d) T
RADE ALERTS .—Based upon the appli-
cation of the targeted risk assessment meth-odologies and standards established under subsection (c), the Director of the Trade Remedy Law Enforcement Division shall issue Trade Alerts or other such means of notification to directors of United States ports of entry directing further inspection, physical examination, or testing of merchan-dise to ensure compliance with the trade remedy laws and to require additional bonds, cash deposits, or other security to ensure collection of any duties, taxes and fees owed. 
SEC. 412. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON EVA-
SION OF TRADE REMEDY LAWS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO COLLECT INFORMATION .— 
To determine whether covered merchandise is being entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, the Secretary, acting through the Commis-sioner— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4305 June 12, 2015 
(1) shall exercise all existing authorities to 
collect information needed to make the de-termination; and 
(2) may collect such additional informa-
tion as is necessary to make the determina-tion through such methods as the Commis-sioner considers appropriate, including by issuing questionnaires with respect to the entry or entries at issue to— 
(A) a person who filed an allegation with 
respect to the covered merchandise; 
(B) a person who is alleged to have entered 
the covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through eva-sion; or 
(C) any other person who is determined to 
have information relevant to the allegation of entry of covered merchandise into the cus-toms territory of the United States through evasion. 
(b) A
DVERSE INFERENCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary finds that 
a person who filed an allegation, a person al-leged to have entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, or a foreign pro-ducer or exporter of covered merchandise that is alleged to have entered into the cus-toms territory of the United States through evasion, has failed to cooperate by not act-ing to the best of the person’s ability to com-ply with a request for information, the Sec-retary may, in making a determination whether an entry or entries of covered mer-chandise may constitute merchandise that is entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, use an infer-ence that is adverse to the interests of that person in selecting from among the facts otherwise available to determine whether evasion has occurred. 
(2) A
DVERSE INFERENCE DESCRIBED .—An ad-
verse inference used under paragraph (1) may include reliance on information derived from— 
(A) the allegation of evasion of the trade 
remedy laws, if any, submitted to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection; 
(B) a determination by the Commissioner 
in another investigation, proceeding, or other action regarding evasion of the unfair trade laws; or 
(C) any other available information. 
SEC. 413. ACCESS TO INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 777(b)(1)(A)(ii) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677f(b)(1)(A)(ii)) is amended by inserting ‘‘negligence, gross negligence, or’’ after ‘‘re-garding’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary is authorized to provide to the Sec-retary of Commerce or the United States International Trade Commission any infor-mation that is necessary to enable the Sec-retary of Commerce or the United States International Trade Commission to assist the Secretary to identify, through risk as-sessment targeting or otherwise, covered merchandise that is entered into the cus-toms territory of the United States through evasion. 
SEC. 414. COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN COUN-
TRIES ON PREVENTING EVASION OF TRADE REMEDY LAWS. 
(a) B ILATERAL AGREEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek 
to negotiate and enter into bilateral agree-ments with the customs authorities or other appropriate authorities of foreign countries for purposes of cooperation on preventing evasion of the trade remedy laws of the United States and the trade remedy laws of the other country. 
(2) P
ROVISIONS AND AUTHORITIES .—The Sec-
retary shall seek to include in each such bi-lateral agreement the following provisions and authorities: (A) On the request of the importing coun-
try, the exporting country shall provide, consistent with its laws, regulations, and procedures, production, trade, and transit documents and other information necessary to determine whether an entry or entries ex-ported from the exporting country are sub-ject to the importing country’s trade remedy laws. 
(B) On the written request of the importing 
country, the exporting country shall conduct a verification for purposes of enabling the importing country to make a determination described in subparagraph (A). 
(C) The exporting country may allow the 
importing country to participate in a verification described in subparagraph (B), including through a site visit. 
(D) If the exporting country does not allow 
participation of the importing country in a verification described in subparagraph (B), the importing country may take this fact into consideration in its trade enforcement and compliance assessment activities regard-ing the compliance of the exporting coun-try’s exports with the importing country’s trade remedy laws. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Commissioner is 
authorized to take into consideration wheth-er a country is a signatory to a bilateral agreement described in subsection (a) and the extent to which the country is cooper-ating under the bilateral agreement for pur-poses of trade enforcement and compliance assessment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection that concern evasion by such country’s exports. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31 of 
each year beginning after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report summarizing— 
(1) the status of any ongoing negotiations 
of bilateral agreements described in sub-section (a), including the identities of the countries involved in such negotiations; 
(2) the terms of any completed bilateral 
agreements described in subsection (a); and 
(3) bilateral cooperation and other activi-
ties conducted pursuant to or enabled by any completed bilateral agreements described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 415. TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVES. 
The principal negotiating objectives of the 
United States shall include obtaining the ob-jectives of the bilateral agreements de-scribed under section 414(a) for any trade agreements under negotiation as of the date 
of the enactment of this Act or future trade agreement negotiations. 
S
UBTITLE B—I NVESTIGATION OF EVASION OF  
TRADE REMEDY LAWS 
SEC. 421. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATION OF 
EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 781 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 781A. PROCEDURES FOR PREVENTION OF 
EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTERING AUTHORITY .—The term 
‘administering authority’ has the meaning given that term in section 771. 
‘‘(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commis-
sioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED MERCHANDISE .—The term 
‘covered merchandise’ means merchandise that is subject to— 
‘‘(A) a countervailing duty order issued 
under section 706; or 
‘‘(B) an antidumping duty order issued 
under section 736. 
‘‘(4) E
VASION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘evasion’ refers to entering covered merchandise into the 
customs territory of the United States by means of any document or electronically transmitted data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash deposit or other se-curity or any amount of applicable anti-dumping or countervailing duties being re-duced or not being applied with respect to the merchandise. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CLERICAL ERROR .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the term ‘evasion’ does not in-clude entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of— 
‘‘(I) a document or electronically trans-
mitted data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is false as a result of a clerical error; or 
‘‘(II) an omission that results from a cler-
ical error. 
‘‘(ii) P
ATTERNS OF NEGLIGENT CONDUCT .—If 
the administering authority determines that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) and that the clerical error is part of a pattern of negligent conduct on the part of that person, the administering authority may determine, notwithstanding clause (i), that the person has entered such covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of evasion. 
‘‘(iii) E
LECTRONIC REPETITION OF ERRORS .— 
For purposes of clause (ii), the mere uninten-tional repetition by an electronic system of an initial clerical error does not constitute a pattern of negligent conduct. 
‘‘(iv) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A deter-
mination by the administering authority that a person has entered covered merchan-dise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) rather than by means of evasion shall not be con-strued to excuse that person from the pay-ment of any duties applicable to the mer-chandise. 
‘‘(b) I
NVESTIGATION BY ADMINISTERING AU-
THORITY .— 
‘‘(1) P ROCEDURES FOR INITIATING INVESTIGA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIATION BY ADMINISTERING AUTHOR -
ITY.—An investigation under this subsection 
shall be initiated with respect to merchan-dise imported into the United States when-ever the administering authority deter-mines, from information available to the ad-ministering authority, that an investigation is warranted with respect to whether the merchandise is covered merchandise that has entered into the customs territory of the United States by means of evasion. 
‘‘(B) I
NITIATION BY PETITION OR REFERRAL .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The administering au-
thority shall determine whether to initiate an investigation under this subparagraph not later than 30 days after the date on which the administering authority receives a peti-tion described in clause (ii) or a referral de-scribed in clause (iii). 
‘‘(ii) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this clause is a petition that— 
‘‘(I) is filed with the administering author-
ity by an interested party specified in sub-paragraph (A), (C), (D), (E), (F), or (G) of sec-tion 771(9); 
‘‘(II) alleges that merchandise imported 
into the United States is covered merchan-dise that has entered into the customs terri-tory of the United States by means of eva-sion; and 
‘‘(III) is accompanied by information rea-
sonably available to the petitioner sup-porting those allegations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4306 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(iii) R EFERRAL DESCRIBED .—A referral de-
scribed in this clause is a referral made by the Commissioner pursuant to subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) T
IME LIMITS FOR DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) P RELIMINARY DETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the administering authority initiates an investigation under paragraph (1) with re-spect to merchandise, the administering au-thority shall issue a preliminary determina-tion, based on information available to the administering authority at the time of the determination, with respect to whether there is a reasonable basis to believe or suspect that the merchandise is covered merchandise that has entered into the customs territory of the United States by means of evasion. 
‘‘(ii) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURES .—If the ad-
ministering authority determines that expe-dited action is warranted with respect to an 
investigation initiated under paragraph (1), the administering authority may publish the notice of initiation of the investigation and the notice of the preliminary determination in the Federal Register at the same time. 
‘‘(B) F
INAL DETERMINATION BY THE ADMIN -
ISTERING AUTHORITY .—Not later than 300 days 
after the date on which the administering authority initiates an investigation under paragraph (1) with respect to merchandise, the administering authority shall issue a final determination with respect to whether the merchandise is covered merchandise that has entered into the customs territory of the United States by means of evasion. 
‘‘(3) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) E NTRY DOCUMENTS , RECORDS , AND 
OTHER INFORMATION .—Not later than 10 days 
after receiving a request from the admin-istering authority with respect to merchan-dise that is the subject of an investigation under paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall transmit to the administering authority cop-ies of the documentation and information re-quired by section 484(a)(1) with respect to the entry of the merchandise, as well as any other documentation or information re-quested by the administering authority. 
‘‘(B) A
CCESS OF INTERESTED PARTIES .—Not 
later than 10 business days after the date on which the administering authority initiates an investigation under paragraph (1) with re-spect to merchandise, the administering au-thority shall provide to the authorized rep-resentative of each interested party that filed a petition under paragraph (1) or other-wise participates in a proceeding, pursuant to a protective order, the copies of the entry documentation and any other information received by the administering authority under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) B
USINESS PROPRIETARY INFORMATION  
FROM PRIOR SEGMENTS .—If an authorized rep-
resentative of an interested party partici-pating in an investigation under paragraph (1) has access to business proprietary infor-mation released pursuant to an administra-tive protective order in a proceeding under subtitle A, B, or C of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 that is relevant to the investiga-tion conducted under paragraph (1), that au-thorized representative may submit such in-formation to the administering authority for its consideration in the context of the inves-tigation conducted under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY TO COLLECT AND VERIFY AD -
DITIONAL INFORMATION .—In making a deter-
mination under paragraph (2) with respect to covered merchandise, the administering au-thority may collect such additional informa-tion as is necessary to make the determina-tion through such methods as the admin-istering authority considers appropriate, in-cluding by— 
‘‘(A) issuing a questionnaire with respect 
to such covered merchandise to— ‘‘(i) a person that filed an allegation under 
paragraph (1)(B)(ii) that resulted in the initi-ation of an investigation under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to such covered merchan-dise; 
‘‘(ii) a person alleged to have entered such 
covered merchandise into the customs terri-tory of the United States by means of eva-sion; 
‘‘(iii) a person that is a foreign producer or 
exporter of such covered merchandise; or 
‘‘(iv) the government of a country from 
which such covered merchandise was ex-ported; 
‘‘(B) conducting verifications, including 
on-site verifications, of any relevant infor-mation; and 
‘‘(C) requesting— ‘‘(i) that the Commissioner provide any in-
formation and data available to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, and 
‘‘(ii) that the Commissioner gather addi-
tional necessary information from the im-porter of covered merchandise and other rel-evant parties. 
‘‘(5) A
DVERSE INFERENCE .—If the admin-
istering authority finds that a person de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of paragraph (4)(A) has failed to cooperate by not acting to the best of the person’s ability to comply with a request for information, the admin-istering authority may, in making a deter-mination under paragraph (2), use an infer-ence that is adverse to the interests of that person in selecting from among the facts otherwise available to make the determina-tion. 
‘‘(6) E
FFECT OF AFFIRMATIVE PRELIMINARY  
DETERMINATION .—If the administering au-
thority makes a preliminary determination under paragraph (2)(A) that merchandise is covered merchandise that has entered into the customs territory of the United States by means of evasion, the administering au-thority shall instruct U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection— 
‘‘(A) to suspend liquidation of each entry 
of the merchandise that— 
‘‘(i) enters on or after the date of the pre-
liminary determination; or 
‘‘(ii) enters before that date, if the liquida-
tion of the entry is not final on that date; and 
‘‘(B) to require the posting of a cash de-
posit for each entry of the merchandise in an amount determined pursuant to the order, or administrative review conducted under sec-tion 751, that applies to the merchandise. 
‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF AFFIRMATIVE FINAL DETER -
MINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority makes a final determination under paragraph (2)(B) that merchandise is covered merchandise that has entered into the cus-toms territory of the United States by means of evasion, the administering author-ity shall instruct U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
‘‘(i) to assess duties on the merchandise in 
an amount determined pursuant to the order, or administrative review conducted under section 751, that applies to the mer-chandise; 
‘‘(ii) notwithstanding section 501, to reliq-
uidate, in accordance with such order or ad-ministrative review, each entry of the mer-chandise that was liquidated and is deter-mined to include covered merchandise; and 
‘‘(iii) to review and reassess the amount of 
bond or other security the importer is re-quired to post for such merchandise entered on or after the date of the final determina-tion to ensure the protection of revenue and compliance with the law. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—If the admin-
istering authority makes a final determina-tion under paragraph (2)(B) that merchandise is covered merchandise that has entered into the customs territory of the United States 
by means of evasion, the administering au-thority may instruct U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection to require the importer of the merchandise to post a cash deposit or bond on such merchandise entered on or after the date of the final determination in an amount the administering authority determines in the final determination to be owed with re-spect to the merchandise. 
‘‘(8) E
FFECT OF NEGATIVE FINAL DETERMINA -
TION.—If the administering authority makes 
a final determination under paragraph (2)(B) that merchandise is not covered merchandise that has entered into the customs territory of the United States by means of evasion, the administering authority shall terminate the suspension of liquidation and refund any cash deposit imposed pursuant to paragraph (6) with respect to the merchandise. 
‘‘(9) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 5 busi-
ness days after making a determination under paragraph (2) with respect to covered merchandise, the administering authority may provide to importers, in such manner as the administering authority determines ap-propriate, information discovered in the in-vestigation that the administering authority determines will help educate importers with respect to importing merchandise into the customs territory of the United States in ac-cordance with all applicable laws and regula-tions. 
‘‘(10) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CASES IN WHICH THE  
PRODUCER OR EXPORTER IS UNKNOWN .—If the 
administering authority is unable to deter-mine the actual producer or exporter of the 
merchandise with respect to which the ad-ministering authority initiated an investiga-tion under paragraph (1), the administering authority shall, in requiring the posting of a cash deposit under paragraph (6) or assessing duties pursuant to paragraph (7)(A), impose the cash deposit or duties (as the case may be) in the highest amount applicable to any producer or exporter of the merchandise pur-suant to any order, or any administrative re-view conducted under section 751. 
‘‘(11) P
UBLICATION OF DETERMINATIONS .— 
The administering authority shall publish in the Federal Register each notice of initi-ation of an investigation made under para-graph (1)(A), each preliminary determination made under paragraph (2)(A), and each final determination made under paragraph (2)(B). 
‘‘(12) R
EFERRALS TO OTHER AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) A FTER PRELIMINARY DETERMINATION .— 
Notwithstanding section 777 and subject to subparagraph (C), when the administering authority makes an affirmative preliminary determination under paragraph (2)(A), the administering authority shall— 
‘‘(i) transmit the administrative record to 
the Commissioner for such additional action as the Commissioner determines appro-priate, including proceedings under section 592; and 
‘‘(ii) at the request of the head of another 
agency, transmit the administrative record to the head of that agency. 
‘‘(B) A
FTER FINAL DETERMINATION .—Not-
withstanding section 777 and subject to sub-paragraph (C), when the administering au-thority makes an affirmative final deter-mination under paragraph (2)(B), the admin-istering authority shall— 
‘‘(i) transmit the complete administrative 
record to the Commissioner; and 
‘‘(ii) at the request of the head of another 
agency, transmit the complete administra-tive record to the head of that agency. 
‘‘(c) R
EFERRAL BY U.S. C USTOMS AND BOR-
DERPROTECTION .—In the event the Commis-
sioner receives information that a person has entered covered merchandise into the cus-toms territory of the United States through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4307 June 12, 2015 
evasion, but is not able to determine wheth-
er the merchandise is in fact covered mer-chandise, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(1) refer the matter to the administering 
authority for additional proceedings under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) transmit to the administering author-
ity— 
‘‘(A) copies of the entry documents and in-
formation required by section 484(a)(1) relat-ing to the merchandise; and 
‘‘(B) any additional records or information 
that the Commissioner considers appro-priate. 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATION BETWEEN U.S. C USTOMS  
AND BORDER PROTECTION AND THE DEPART -
MENT OF COMMERCE .— 
‘‘(1) N OTIFICATION OF INVESTIGATIONS .— 
Upon receiving a petition and upon initi-ating an investigation under subsection (b), the administering authority shall notify the Commissioner. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR COOPERATION .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Commissioner and the administering authority shall estab-lish procedures to ensure maximum coopera-tion and communication between U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and the admin-istering authority in order to quickly, effi-ciently, and accurately investigate allega-tions of evasion of antidumping and counter-vailing duty orders. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORT ON PREVENTING EVA-
SION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING  
DUTYORDERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than February 
28 of each year beginning in 2016, the Under Secretary for International Trade of the De-partment of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the efforts being taken under subsection (b) to prevent eva-sion of antidumping and countervailing duty orders. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include, for the calendar year preceding the submission of the re-port— 
‘‘(A)(i) the number of investigations initi-
ated pursuant to subsection (b); and 
‘‘(ii) a description of such investigations, 
including— 
‘‘(I) the results of such investigations; and ‘‘(II) the amount of antidumping and coun-
tervailing duties collected as a result of such investigations; and 
‘‘(B) the number of referrals made by the 
Commissioner pursuant to subsection (c).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 781 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 781A. Procedures for prevention of 
evasion of antidumping and countervailing duty orders.’’. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 516A(a)(2) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1516a(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), by striking 
‘‘or (viii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(viii), or (ix)’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(ix) A determination by the administering 
authority under section 781A.’’. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Secretary of Commerce shall pre-
scribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out subsection (b) of section 781A of the Tariff Act of 1930 (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and (2) the Commissioner shall prescribe such 
regulations as may be necessary to carry out subsection (c) of such section 781A. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall— 
(1) take effect on the date that is 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) apply with respect to merchandise en-
tered on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 422. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report assessing the effec-tiveness of— 
(1) the provisions of, and amendments 
made by, this subtitle; and 
(2) the actions taken and procedures devel-
oped by the Secretary of Commerce and the Commissioner pursuant to such provisions and amendments to prevent evasion of anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders under title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.). 
S
UBTITLE C—O THER MATTERS  
SEC. 431. ALLOCATION AND TRAINING OF PER-
SONNEL. 
The Commissioner shall, to the maximum 
extent possible, ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(1) employs sufficient personnel who have 
expertise in, and responsibility for, pre-venting and investigating the entry of cov-ered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(2) on the basis of risk assessment metrics, 
assigns sufficient personnel with primary re-sponsibility for preventing the entry of cov-ered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion to the ports of entry in the United States at which the Commissioner determines potential eva-sion presents the most substantial threats to the revenue of the United States; and 
(3) provides adequate training to relevant 
personnel to increase expertise and effective-ness in the prevention and identification of entries of covered merchandise into the cus-toms territory of the United States through evasion. 
SEC. 432. ANNUAL REPORT ON PREVENTION OF 
EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 
28 of each year, beginning in 2016, the Com-missioner, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Commerce and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the efforts being taken to prevent and investigate eva-
sion. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) for the calendar year preceding the sub-
mission of the report— 
(A) a summary of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to prevent and identify evasion; 
(B) the number of allegations of evasion re-
ceived and the number of allegations of eva-sion resulting in any administrative, civil, or criminal actions by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other agency; 
(C) a summary of the completed adminis-
trative inquiries of evasion, including the number and nature of the inquiries initiated, conducted, or completed, as well as their res-olution; 
(D) with respect to inquiries that lead to 
issuance of a penalty notice, the penalty amounts; (E) the amounts of antidumping and coun-
tervailing duties collected as a result of any actions by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion or any other agency; 
(F) a description of the allocation of per-
sonnel and other resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prevent, iden-tify, and investigate evasion, including any assessments conducted regarding the alloca-tion of such personnel and resources; and 
(G) a description of training conducted to 
increase expertise and effectiveness in the prevention, identification, and investigation of evasion; and 
(2) a description of U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection processes and procedures to prevent and identify evasion, including— 
(A) the specific guidelines, policies, and 
practices used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ensure that allegations of eva-sion are promptly evaluated and acted upon in a timely manner; 
(B) an evaluation of the efficacy of such ex-
isting guidelines, policies, and practices; 
(C) identification of any changes since the 
last report that have materially improved or reduced the effectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and iden-tify evasion; 
(D) a description of the development and 
implementation of policies for the applica-tion of single entry and continuous bonds for entries of covered merchandise to suffi-ciently protect the collection of anti-dumping and countervailing duties commen-surate with the level of risk on noncollec-tion; 
(E) the processes and procedures for in-
creased cooperation and information sharing with the Department of Commerce, U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, and any other relevant Federal agencies to pre-vent and identify evasion; and 
(F) identification of any recommended pol-
icy changes of other Federal agencies or leg-islative changes to improve the effectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and identify evasion. 
SEC. 433. ADDRESSING CIRCUMVENTION BY NEW 
SHIPPERS. 
Section 751(a)(2)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1675(a)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking clause (iii); (2) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause 
(iii); and 
(3) inserting after clause (iii), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2) of this section, the following: 
‘‘(iv) D
ETERMINATIONS BASED ON BONAFIDE  
SALES .—Any weighted average dumping mar-
gin or individual countervailing duty rate determined for an exporter or producer in a review conducted under clause (i) shall be based solely on the bona fide United States sales of an exporter or producer, as the case may be, made during the period covered by the review. In determining whether the United States sales of an exporter or pro-ducer made during the period covered by the review were bona fide, the administering au-thority shall consider, depending on the cir-cumstances surrounding such sales— 
‘‘(I) the prices of such sales; ‘‘(II) whether such sales were made in com-
mercial quantities; 
‘‘(III) the timing of such sales; ‘‘(IV) the expenses arising from such sales; ‘‘(V) whether the subject merchandise in-
volved in such sales was resold in the United States at a profit; 
‘‘(VI) whether such sales were made on an 
arms-length basis; and 
‘‘(VII) any other factor the administering 
authority determines to be relevant as to whether such sales are, or are not, likely to be typical of those the exporter or producer will make after completion of the review.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4308 June 12, 2015 
TITLE V—IMPROVEMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Trade Enforcement Effectiveness Act’’. 
SEC. 502. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO CO-
OPERATE WITH A REQUEST FOR IN-FORMATION IN A PROCEEDING. 
Section 776 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677e) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and by moving such sub-paragraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(B) by striking ‘‘A
DVERSE INFERENCES .—If’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘A DVERSE IN-
FERENCES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘under this title, may use’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘under this title— 
‘‘(A) may use’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘facts otherwise available. 
Such adverse inference may include’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘facts otherwise avail-able; and 
‘‘(B) is not required to determine, or make 
any adjustments to, a countervailable sub-sidy rate or weighted average dumping mar-gin based on any assumptions about informa-tion the interested party would have pro-vided if the interested party had complied with the request for information. 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIAL SOURCES OF INFORMATION  
FOR ADVERSE INFERENCES .—An adverse infer-
ence under paragraph (1)(A) may include’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘C
ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .—When the’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘C ORROBORATION OF  
SECONDARY INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), when the’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The administrative au-
thority and the Commission shall not be re-quired to corroborate any dumping margin or countervailing duty applied in a separate segment of the same proceeding.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
UBSIDY RATES AND DUMPING MARGINS  
INADVERSE INFERENCE DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority uses an inference that is adverse to the interests of a party under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts other-wise available, the administering authority may— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a countervailing duty 
proceeding— 
‘‘(i) use a countervailable subsidy rate ap-
plied for the same or similar program in a countervailing duty proceeding involving the same country, or 
‘‘(ii) if there is no same or similar pro-
gram, use a countervailable subsidy rate for a subsidy program from a proceeding that the administering authority considers rea-sonable to use, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of an antidumping duty 
proceeding, use any dumping margin from any segment of the proceeding under the ap-plicable antidumping order. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION TO APPLY HIGHEST RATE .— 
In carrying out paragraph (1), the admin-istering authority may apply any of the countervailable subsidy rates or dumping margins specified under that paragraph, in-cluding the highest such rate or margin, based on the evaluation by the administering authority of the situation that resulted in the administering authority using an ad-verse inference in selecting among the facts otherwise available. ‘‘(3) N
O OBLIGATION TO MAKE CERTAIN ESTI -
MATES OR ADDRESS CERTAIN CLAIMS .—If the 
administering authority uses an adverse in-ference under subsection (b)(1)(A) in select-ing among the facts otherwise available, the administering authority is not required, for purposes of subsection (c) or for any other purpose— 
‘‘(A) to estimate what the countervailable 
subsidy rate or dumping margin would have been if the interested party found to have failed to cooperate under subsection (b)(1) had cooperated, or 
‘‘(B) to demonstrate that the 
countervailable subsidy rate or dumping margin used by the administering authority reflects an alleged commercial reality of the interested party.’’. 
SEC. 503. DEFINITION OF MATERIAL INJURY. 
(a) E FFECT OF PROFITABILITY OF DOMESTIC  
INDUSTRIES .—Section 771(7) of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) E
FFECT OF PROFITABILITY .—The Com-
mission may not determine that there is no material injury or threat of material injury to an industry in the United States merely because that industry is profitable or be-cause the performance of that industry has recently improved.’’. 
(b) E
VALUATION OF IMPACT ON DOMESTIC IN-
DUSTRY IN DETERMINATION OF MATERIAL IN-
JURY .—Subclause (I) of section 771(7)(C)(iii) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) actual and potential decline in output, 
sales, market share, gross profits, operating profits, net profits, ability to service debt, productivity, return on investments, return on assets, and utilization of capacity,’’. 
(c) C
APTIVE PRODUCTION .—Section 
771(7)(C)(iv) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iv)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by striking the comma 
and inserting ‘‘, and’’; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘, and’’ 
and inserting a comma; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 504. PARTICULAR MARKET SITUATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ORDINARY COURSE OF  
TRADE .—Section 771(15) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(15)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Situations in which the administering 
authority determines that the particular market situation prevents a proper compari-son with the export price or constructed ex-port price.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF NORMAL VALUE .—Section 
773(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘in such other country.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTED VALUE .— 
Section 773(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘business’’ 
and inserting ‘‘trade’’; and 
(2) by striking the flush text at the end and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘For purposes of paragraph (1), if a par-
ticular market situation exists such that the cost of materials and fabrication or other processing of any kind does not accurately reflect the cost of production in the ordinary course of trade, the administering authority may use another calculation methodology under this subtitle or any other calculation methodology. For purposes of paragraph (1), the cost of materials shall be determined without regard to any internal tax in the ex-porting country imposed on such materials or their disposition that is remitted or re-funded upon exportation of the subject mer-chandise produced from such materials.’’. 
SEC. 505. DISTORTION OF PRICES OR COSTS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION OF BELOW -COST SALES .— 
Section 773(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(b)(2)) is amended by striking 
subparagraph (A) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) R
EASONABLE GROUNDS TO BELIEVE OR  
SUSPECT .— 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—In a review conducted under 
section 751 involving a specific exporter, there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that are less than the cost of production of the product if the administering authority disregarded some or all of the exporter’s sales pursuant to para-graph (1) in the investigation or, if a review has been completed, in the most recently completed review. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—In an in-
vestigation initiated under section 732 or a review conducted under section 751, the ad-ministering authority shall request informa-tion necessary to calculate the constructed value and cost of production under sub-sections (e) and (f) to determine whether there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that represent less than the cost of production of the product.’’. 
(b) P
RICES AND COSTS IN NONMARKET ECONO -
MIES.—Section 773(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) D
ISCRETION TO DISREGARD CERTAIN  
PRICE OR COST VALUES .—In valuing the fac-
tors of production under paragraph (1) for the subject merchandise, the administering authority may disregard price or cost values without further investigation if the admin-istering authority has determined that broadly available export subsidies existed or particular instances of subsidization oc-curred with respect to those price or cost values or if those price or cost values were subject to an antidumping order.’’. 
SEC. 506. REDUCTION IN BURDEN ON DEPART-
MENT OF COMMERCE BY REDUCING THE NUMBER OF VOLUNTARY RE-SPONDENTS. 
Section 782(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677m(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; 
(3) by striking ‘‘I
NVESTIGATIONS AND RE-
VIEWS .—In’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘I N-
VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (3), by amending subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(B) the number of exporters or producers 
subject to the investigation or review is not so large that any additional individual ex-amination of such exporters or producers would be unduly burdensome to the admin-istering authority and inhibit the timely completion of the investigation or review.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF UNDULY BURDEN -
SOME .—In determining if an individual exam-
ination under paragraph (1)(B) would be un-duly burdensome, the administering author-ity may consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The complexity of the issues or infor-
mation presented in the proceeding, includ-ing questionnaires and any responses there-to. 
‘‘(B) Any prior experience of the admin-
istering authority in the same or similar proceeding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4309 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(C) The total number of investigations 
under subtitle A or B and reviews under sec-tion 751 being conducted by the admin-istering authority as of the date of the deter-mination. 
‘‘(D) Such other factors relating to the 
timely completion of each such investigation and review as the administering authority considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 507. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and 
Mexico. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT 
PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2420) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 310. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
‘‘(a) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES , CON-
SULTATIONS , ANDREPORT .— 
‘‘(1) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES CON -
SULTATIONS .—Not later than May 31 of each 
calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the United States Trade Representative (in this section referred to as the ‘Trade Representative’) shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the prioritization of acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments that raise concerns with respect to obliga-tions under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or otherwise create or maintain barriers to United States goods, services, or investment. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION OF TRADE ENFORCEMENT  
PRIORITIES .—In identifying acts, policies, or 
practices of foreign governments as trade en-forcement priorities under this subsection, the United States Trade Representative shall focus on those acts, policies, and practices the elimination of which is likely to have the most significant potential to increase United States economic growth, and take into account all relevant factors, including— 
‘‘(A) the economic significance of any po-
tential inconsistency between an obligation assumed by a foreign government pursuant to a trade agreement to which both the for-eign government and the United States are parties and the acts, policies, or practices of that government; 
‘‘(B) the impact of the acts, policies, or 
practices of a foreign government on main-taining and creating United States jobs and productive capacity; 
‘‘(C) the major barriers and trade dis-
torting practices described in the most re-cent National Trade Estimate required under section 181(b); 
‘‘(D) the major barriers and trade dis-
torting practices described in other relevant reports addressing international trade and investment barriers prepared by a Federal agency or congressional commission during the 12 months preceding the date of the most recent report under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(E) a foreign government’s compliance 
with its obligations under any trade agree-ments to which both the foreign government and the United States are parties; 
‘‘(F) the implications of a foreign govern-
ment’s procurement plans and policies; and 
‘‘(G) the international competitive posi-
tion and export potential of United States products and services. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT ON TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIOR -
ITIES AND ACTIONS TAKEN TO ADDRESS .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than July 31 of 
each calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Trade Representative shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments identi-fied as trade enforcement priorities based on the consultations under paragraph (1) and the criteria set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT IN SUBSEQUENT YEARS .—The 
Trade Representative shall include, when re-porting under subparagraph (A) in any cal-endar year after the calendar year that be-gins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, a description of actions taken to address any acts, policies, or practices of for-eign governments identified as trade enforce-ment priorities under this subsection in the calendar year preceding that report and, as relevant, any year before that calendar year. 
‘‘(b) S
EMI-ANNUAL ENFORCEMENT CONSULTA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—At the same time as the 
reporting under subsection (a)(3), and not later than January 31 of each following year, the Trade Representative shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the identification, prioritization, investigation, and resolution of acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments of concern with re-spect to obligations under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or that otherwise create or maintain trade barriers. 
‘‘(2) A
CTS, POLICIES , OR PRACTICES OF CON -
CERN .—The semi-annual enforcement con-
sultations required by paragraph (1) shall ad-dress acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments that raise concerns with re-spect to obligations under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or other-wise create or maintain trade barriers, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) engagement with relevant trading 
partners; 
‘‘(B) strategies for addressing such con-
cerns; 
‘‘(C) availability and deployment of re-
sources to be used in the investigation or resolution of such concerns; 
‘‘(D) the merits of any potential dispute 
resolution proceeding under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party relating to such concerns; and 
‘‘(E) any other aspects of such concerns. ‘‘(3) A
CTIVE INVESTIGATIONS .—The semi-an-
nual enforcement consultations required by paragraph (1) shall address acts, policies, or practices that the Trade Representative is actively investigating with respect to obliga-tions under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, including— 
‘‘(A) strategies for addressing concerns 
raised by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(B) any relevant timeline with respect to 
investigation of such acts, policies, or prac-tices; 
‘‘(C) the merits of any potential dispute 
resolution proceeding under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with re-spect to such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(D) barriers to the advancement of the in-
vestigation of such acts, policies, or prac-tices; and 
‘‘(E) any other matters relating to the in-
vestigation of such acts, policies, or prac-tices. ‘‘(4) O
NGOING ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS .—The 
semi-annual enforcement consultations re-quired by paragraph (1) shall address all on-going enforcement actions taken by or against the United States with respect to ob-ligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, including— 
‘‘(A) any relevant timeline with respect to 
such actions; 
‘‘(B) the merits of such actions; ‘‘(C) any prospective implementation ac-
tions; 
‘‘(D) potential implications for any law or 
regulation of the United States; 
‘‘(E) potential implications for United 
States stakeholders, domestic competitors, 
and exporters; and 
‘‘(F) other issues relating to such actions. ‘‘(5) E
NFORCEMENT RESOURCES .—The semi- 
annual enforcement consultations required by paragraph (1) shall address the avail-ability and deployment of enforcement re-sources, resource constraints on monitoring and enforcement activities, and strategies to address those constraints, including the use of available resources of other Federal agen-cies to enhance monitoring and enforcement capabilities. 
‘‘(c) I
NVESTIGATION AND RESOLUTION .—In 
the case of any acts, policies, or practices of a foreign government identified as a trade enforcement priority under subsection (a), the Trade Representative shall, not later than the date of the first semi-annual en-forcement consultations held under sub-section (b) after the identification of the pri-ority, take appropriate action to address that priority, including— 
‘‘(1) engagement with the foreign govern-
ment to resolve concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(2) initiation of an investigation under 
section 302(b)(1) with respect to such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(3) initiation of negotiations for a bilat-
eral agreement that provides for resolution of concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; or 
‘‘(4) initiation of dispute settlement pro-
ceedings under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to such acts, policies, or practices. 
‘‘(d) E
NFORCEMENT NOTIFICATIONS AND CON-
SULTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIATION OF ENFORCEMENT ACTION .— 
The Trade Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in ad-vance of initiation of any formal trade dis-pute by or against the United States taken in regard to an obligation under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party. With re-spect to a formal trade dispute against the United States, if advance notification and consultation are not possible, the Trade Rep-resentative shall notify and consult at the earliest practicable opportunity after initi-ation of the dispute. 
‘‘(2) C
IRCULATION OF REPORTS .—The Trade 
Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of the announced or anticipated circulation of any report of a dispute settlement panel or the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organiza-tion or of a dispute settlement panel under any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to a formal trade dispute by or against the United States. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) WTO.—The term ‘WTO’ means the 
World Trade Organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4310 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(2) WTO AGREEMENT .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreement’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agree-ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
‘‘(3) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreements’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by striking the item relating to section 310 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 310. Trade enforcement priorities.’’. 
SEC. 602. EXERCISE OF WTO AUTHORIZATION TO 
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS UNDER TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 306 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2416) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) E XERCISE OF WTO A UTHORIZATION TO  
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGA -
TIONS .—If— 
‘‘(1) action has terminated pursuant to sec-
tion 307(c), 
‘‘(2) the petitioner or any representative of 
the domestic industry that would benefit from reinstatement of action has submitted to the Trade Representative a written re-quest for reinstatement of action, and 
‘‘(3) the Trade Representatives has com-
pleted the requirements of subsection (d) and section 307(c)(3), 
the Trade Representative may at any time 
determine to take action under section 301(c) to exercise an authorization to suspend con-cessions or other obligations under Article 22 of the Understanding on Rules and Proce-dures Governing the Settlement of Disputes (referred to in section 101(d)(16) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(16))).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 1 
of title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 301(c)(1) (19 U.S.C. 2411(c)(1)), 
in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or section 306(c)’’ after ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’; 
(2) in section 306(b) (19 U.S.C. 2416(b)), in 
the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
UR-
THER ACTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTION ON THE  
BASIS OF MONITORING ’’; 
(3) in section 306(d) (19 U.S.C. 2416(d)), as 
redesignated by subsection (a)(1), by insert-ing ‘‘or (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and 
(4) in section 307(c)(3) (19 U.S.C. 2417(c)(3)), 
by inserting ‘‘or if a request is submitted to the Trade Representative under section 306(c)(2) to reinstate action,’’ after ‘‘under section 301,’’. 
SEC. 603. TRADE MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title II of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 205. TRADE MONITORING. 
‘‘(a) M ONITORING TOOL FOR IMPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the United States International Trade Commission shall make available on a website of the Commission an import moni-toring tool to allow the public access to data on the volume and value of goods imported to the United States for the purpose of as-sessing whether such data has changed with respect to such goods over a period of time. 
‘‘(2) D
ATA DESCRIBED .—For purposes of the 
monitoring tool under paragraph (1), the Commission shall use data compiled by the Department of Commerce and such other government data as the Commission con-siders appropriate. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIODS OF TIME .—The Commission 
shall ensure that data accessed through the monitoring tool under paragraph (1) includes 
data for the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quar-ters as the Commission considers prac-ticable. 
‘‘(b) M
ONITORING REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and not less frequently than quarterly thereafter, the Secretary of Commerce shall publish on a website of the Department of Commerce, and notify the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives of the availability of, a monitoring re-port on changes in the volume and value of trade with respect to imports and exports of goods categorized based on the 6-digit sub-heading number of the goods under the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States during the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quar-ters as the Secretary considers practicable. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS FOR COMMENT .—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this section, the Secretary of Com-merce shall solicit through the Federal Reg-ister public comment on the monitoring re-ports described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this 
section terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 204 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 205. Trade monitoring.’’. 
TITLE VII—CURRENCY MANIPULATION 
SEC. 701. ENHANCEMENT OF ENGAGEMENT ON 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES WITH CERTAIN MAJOR TRADING PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) M AJOR TRADING PARTNER REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies of each country that is a major trading partner of the United States. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
(i) for each country that is a major trading 
partner of the United States— 
(I) that country’s bilateral trade balance 
with the United States; 
(II) that country’s current account balance 
as a percentage of its gross domestic prod-uct; 
(III) the change in that country’s current 
account balance as a percentage of its gross domestic product during the 3-year period preceding the submission of the report; 
(IV) that country’s foreign exchange re-
serves as a percentage of its short-term debt; and 
(V) that country’s foreign exchange re-
serves as a percentage of its gross domestic product; and 
(ii) an enhanced analysis of macro-
economic and exchange rate policies for each country that is a major trading partner of the United States that has— 
(I) a significant bilateral trade surplus 
with the United States; 
(II) a material current account surplus; 
and 
(III) engaged in persistent one-sided inter-
vention in the foreign exchange market. 
(B) E
NHANCED ANALYSIS .—Each enhanced 
analysis under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall in-clude, for each country with respect to which 
an analysis is made under that subpara-graph— 
(i) a description of developments in the 
currency markets of that country, including, to the greatest extent feasible, developments with respect to currency interventions; 
(ii) a description of trends in the real effec-
tive exchange rate of the currency of that country and in the degree of undervaluation of that currency; 
(iii) an analysis of changes in the capital 
controls and trade restrictions of that coun-try; 
(iv) patterns in the reserve accumulation 
of that country; and 
(v) an analysis of the macroeconomic pol-
icy mix of that country and its pattern of savings-investment imbalances. 
(3) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall pub-
licly issue guidance not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Act that describes the factors used to assess under paragraph (2)(A)(ii) whether a country has a significant bilateral trade surplus with the United States, has a material current ac-count surplus, and has engaged in persistent one-sided intervention in the foreign ex-change market. 
(b) E
NGAGEMENT ON EXCHANGE RATE AND  
ECONOMIC POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President, through 
the Secretary, shall commence enhanced bi-lateral engagement with each country for which an enhanced analysis of macro-economic and currency exchange rate poli-cies is included in the report submitted under subsection (a), in order to, as appro-priate— 
(A) urge implementation of policies to ad-
dress the causes of the undervaluation of its currency, its bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and its material current ac-count surplus, including undervaluation and surpluses relating to exchange rate manage-
ment; 
(B) express the concern of the United 
States with respect to the adverse trade and economic effects of that undervaluation and those surpluses; and/or 
(C) advise that country of the ability of the 
President to take action under subsection (c). 
(2) W
AIVER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement under subsection (b)(1) to commence enhanced bilateral engagement with a country if the Secretary determines that commencing enhanced bilateral engage-ment with the country— 
(i) would have an adverse impact on the 
United States economy greater than the ben-efits of such action; or 
(ii) would cause serious harm to the na-
tional security of the United States. 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall 
promptly certify to Congress a determina-tion under subparagraph (A). 
(c) R
EMEDIAL ACTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, on or after the date 
that is one year after the commencement of enhanced bilateral engagement by the Presi-dent, through the Secretary, with respect to a country under subsection (b)(1), the Sec-retary determines that the country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to cor-rect the undervaluation and surpluses de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(A) with respect to that country, the President shall take one or more of the following actions: 
(A) Prohibit the Overseas Private Invest-
ment Corporation from approving any new financing (including any insurance, reinsur-ance, or guarantee) with respect to a project located in that country on and after such date. 
(B) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
and pursuant to paragraph (3), prohibit the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4311 June 12, 2015 
Federal Government from procuring, or en-
tering into any contract for the procurement of, goods or services from that country on and after such date. 
(C) Instruct the United States Executive 
Director of the International Monetary Fund to call for additional rigorous surveillance of the macroeconomic and exchange rate poli-cies of that country and, as appropriate, for-mal consultations on findings of currency manipulation. 
(D) Instruct the United States Trade Rep-
resentative to take into account, in con-sultation with the Secretary, in assessing whether to enter into a bilateral or regional trade agreement with that country or to ini-tiate or participate in negotiations with re-spect to a bilateral or regional trade agree-ment with that country, the extent to which that country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to correct the undervaluation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A). 
(2) W
AIVER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The President may waive 
the requirement under paragraph (1) to take remedial action if the President determines that taking remedial action under paragraph (1) would— 
(i) have an adverse impact on the United 
States economy greater than the benefits of taking remedial action; or 
(ii) would cause serious harm to the na-
tional security of the United States. 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The President shall 
promptly certify to Congress a determina-tion under subparagraph (A). 
(3) E
XCEPTION .—The President may not 
apply a prohibition under paragraph (1)(B) in a manner that is inconsistent with United States obligations under international agreements. 
(4) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(A) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— 
Before applying a prohibition under para-graph (1)(B), the President shall consult with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to determine whether such prohi-
bition would subject the taxpayers of the United States to unreasonable cost. 
(B) C
ONGRESS .—The President shall consult 
with the appropriate committees of Congress with respect to any action the President takes under paragraph (1)(B), including whether the President has consulted as re-quired under subparagraph (A). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OUNTRY .—The term ‘‘country’’ means a 
foreign country, dependent territory, or pos-session of a foreign country, and may include an association of 2 or more foreign countries, dependent territories, or possessions of coun-tries into a customs union outside the United States. 
(3) R
EAL EFFECTIVE EXCHANGE RATE .—The 
term ‘‘real effective exchange rate’’ means a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates, expressed in price-adjusted terms. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 702. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INTER-
NATIONAL EXCHANGE RATE POLICY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established an 
Advisory Committee on International Ex-change Rate Policy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall be re-
sponsible for advising the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the impact of inter-national exchange rates and financial poli-
cies on the economy of the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall be 
composed of 9 members as follows, none of whom shall be employees of the Federal Gov-ernment: 
(A) Three members shall be appointed by 
the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
(B) Three members shall be appointed by 
the Speaker of the House of Representatives upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives. 
(C) Three members shall be appointed by 
the President. 
(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall be se-
lected under paragraph (1) on the basis of their objectivity and demonstrated expertise in finance, economics, or currency exchange. 
(3) T
ERMS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Members shall be ap-
pointed for a term of 2 years or until the Committee terminates. 
(B) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—A member may be re-
appointed to the Committee for additional terms. 
(4) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. 
(c) D
URATION OF COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall ter-
minate on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act unless re-newed by the President for a subsequent 2- year period. 
(2) C
ONTINUED RENEWAL .—The President 
may continue to renew the Committee for successive 2-year periods by taking appro-priate action to renew the Committee prior to the date on which the Committee would otherwise terminate. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold 
not less than 2 meetings each calendar year. 
(e) C HAIRPERSON .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall elect 
from among its members a chairperson for a term of 2 years or until the Committee ter-minates. 
(2) R
EELECTION ; SUBSEQUENT TERMS .—A 
chairperson of the Committee may be re-elected chairperson but is ineligible to serve consecutive terms as chairperson. 
(f) S
TAFF .—The Secretary of the Treasury 
shall make available to the Committee such staff, information, personnel, administrative services, and assistance as the Committee may reasonably require to carry out the ac-tivities of the Committee. 
(g) A
PPLICATION OF THE FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Meetings of the Committee 
shall be exempt from the requirements of subsections (a) and (b) of section 10 and sec-tion 11 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (relating to open meetings, public no-tice, public participation, and public avail-ability of documents), whenever and to the extent it is determined by the President or the Secretary of the Treasury that such meetings will be concerned with matters the disclosure of which— 
(A) would seriously compromise the devel-
opment by the Government of the United States of monetary or financial policy; or 
(B) is likely to— (i) lead to significant financial specu1ation 
in currencies, securities, or commodities; or 
(ii) significantly endanger the stability of 
any financial institution. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each fiscal year in which the Committee is in effect $1,000,000 to carry out this section. 
TITLE VIII—ESTABLISHMENT OF U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection Authorization Act’’. 
SEC. 802. ESTABLISHMENT OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND 
BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 411 of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 411. ESTABLISHMENT OF U.S. CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION; COM-MISSIONER, DEPUTY COMMIS-SIONER, AND OPERATIONAL OF-FICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in 
the Department an agency to be known as U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(b) C
OMMISSIONER OF U.S. C USTOMS AND  
BORDER PROTECTION .—There shall be at the 
head of U.S. Customs and Border Protection a Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (in this section referred to as the ‘Commissioner’), who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure the interdiction of persons and 
goods illegally entering or exiting the United States; 
‘‘(2) facilitate and expedite the flow of le-
gitimate travelers and trade; 
‘‘(3) detect, respond to, and interdict ter-
rorists, drug smugglers and traffickers, human smugglers and traffickers, and other persons who may undermine the security of the United States, in cases in which such persons are entering, or have recently en-tered, the United States; 
‘‘(4) safeguard the borders of the United 
States to protect against the entry of dan-gerous goods; 
‘‘(5) oversee the functions of the Office of 
Trade established under section 802(h) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; 
‘‘(6) enforce and administer all customs 
laws of the United States, including the Tar-iff Act of 1930; 
‘‘(7) enforce and administer all immigra-
tion laws, as such term is defined in para-graph (17) of section 101(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)), as necessary for the inspection, processing, and admission of persons who seek to enter or de-part the United States, and as necessary to ensure the detection, interdiction, removal, departure from the United States, short- term detention, and transfer of persons un-lawfully entering, or who have recently un-lawfully entered, the United States, in co-ordination with U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement and United States Citi-zenship and Immigration Services; 
‘‘(8) develop and implement screening and 
targeting capabilities, including the screen-ing, reviewing, identifying, and prioritizing of passengers and cargo across all inter-national modes of transportation, both in-bound and outbound; 
‘‘(9) in coordination with the Secretary, de-
ploy technology to collect the data nec-essary for the Secretary to administer the biometric entry and exit data system pursu-ant to section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4312 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(10) enforce and administer the laws relat-
ing to agricultural import and entry inspec-tion referred to in section 421; 
‘‘(11) in coordination with the Under Sec-
retary for Management of the Department, ensure U.S. Customs and Border Protection complies with Federal law, the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation, and the Department’s acquisition management directives for major acquisition programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(12) enforce and administer— ‘‘(A) the Container Security Initiative pro-
gram under section 205 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 945; Public Law 109–347); and 
‘‘(B) the Customs-Trade Partnership 
Against Terrorism program under sections 211 through 223 of such Act (6 U.S.C. 961-973); 
‘‘(13) conduct polygraph examinations in 
accordance with section 3(1) of the Anti-Bor-der Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 376); 
‘‘(14) establish the standard operating pro-
cedures described in subsection (k); 
‘‘(15) carry out the training required under 
subsection (l); and 
‘‘(16) carry out other duties and powers 
prescribed by law or delegated by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(d) D
EPUTY COMMISSIONER .—There shall 
be in U.S. Customs and Border Protection a Deputy Commissioner who shall assist the Commissioner in the management of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(e) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection the U.S. Border Patrol. 
‘‘(2) C
HIEF.—There shall be at the head of 
the U.S. Border Patrol a Chief, who shall re-port to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The U.S. Border Patrol 
shall— 
‘‘(A) serve as the law enforcement office of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with primary responsibility for interdicting per-sons attempting to illegally enter or exit the United States or goods being illegally im-ported into or exported from the United States at a place other than a designated port of entry; 
‘‘(B) deter and prevent illegal entry of ter-
rorists, terrorist weapons, persons, and con-traband; and 
‘‘(C) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(f) O
FFICE OF AIR AND MARINE OPER-
ATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Of-fice of Air and Marine Operations. 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall 
be at the head of the Office of Air and Marine Operations an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Air and Marine 
Operations shall— 
‘‘(A) serve as the law enforcement office 
within U.S. Customs and Border Protection with primary responsibility to detect, inter-dict, and prevent acts of terrorism and the unlawful movement of people, illicit drugs, and other contraband across the borders of the United States in the air and maritime environment; 
‘‘(B) conduct joint aviation and marine op-
erations with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
‘‘(C) conduct aviation and marine oper-
ations with international, Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies, as ap-propriate; 
‘‘(D) administer the Air and Marine Oper-
ations Center established under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(E) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. ‘‘(4) A
IR AND MARINE OPERATIONS CENTER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
the Office of Air and Marine Operations an Air and Marine Operations Center. 
‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—There shall be 
at the head of the Air and Marine Operations Center an Executive Director, who shall re-port to the Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Air and Marine Operations. 
‘‘(C) D
UTIES .—The Air and Marine Oper-
ations Center shall— 
‘‘(i) manage the air and maritime domain 
awareness of the Department; 
‘‘(ii) monitor and coordinate the airspace 
for Unmanned Aerial Systems operations of the Office of Air and Marine Operations in U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(iii) detect, identify, and coordinate a re-
sponse to threats to national security in the air domain; 
‘‘(iv) provide aviation and marine support 
to other Federal, State, tribal, and local agencies; and 
‘‘(v) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Assistant Commissioner. 
‘‘(g) O
FFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Of-fice of Field Operations. 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall 
be at the head of the Office of Field Oper-ations an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Field Oper-
ations shall coordinate the enforcement ac-tivities of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion at United States air, land, and sea ports of entry to— 
‘‘(A) deter and prevent terrorists and ter-
rorist weapons from entering the United States at such ports of entry; 
‘‘(B) conduct inspections at such ports of 
entry to safeguard the United States from terrorism and illegal entry of persons; 
‘‘(C) prevent illicit drugs, agricultural 
pests, and contraband from entering the United States; 
‘‘(D) in coordination with the Commis-
sioner, facilitate and expedite the flow of le-gitimate travelers and trade; 
‘‘(E) administer the National Targeting 
Center established under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(F) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL TARGETING CENTER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
the Office of Field Operations a National Targeting Center. 
‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—There shall be 
at the head of the National Targeting Center an Executive Director, who shall report to the Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations. 
‘‘(C) D
UTIES .—The National Targeting Cen-
ter shall— 
‘‘(i) serve as the primary forum for tar-
geting operations within U.S. Customs and Border Protection to collect and analyze traveler and cargo information in advance of arrival in the United States; 
‘‘(ii) identify, review, and target travelers 
and cargo for examination; 
‘‘(iii) coordinate the examination of entry 
and exit of travelers and cargo; 
‘‘(iv) develop and conduct commercial risk 
assessment targeting with respect to cargo destined for the United States; 
‘‘(v) issue Trade Alerts pursuant to section 
111 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade En-forcement Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(vi) carry out other duties and powers 
prescribed by the Assistant Commissioner. 
‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORT ON STAFFING .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 and annually there-after, the Assistant Commissioner shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the staffing model for 
the Office of Field Operations, including in-formation on how many supervisors, front- line U.S. Customs and Border Protection of-ficers, and support personnel are assigned to each Field Office and port of entry. 
‘‘(h) O
FFICE OF INTELLIGENCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Of-fice of Intelligence. 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall 
be at the head of the Office of Intelligence an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Intelligence 
shall— 
‘‘(A) develop, provide, coordinate, and im-
plement intelligence capabilities into a cohe-sive intelligence enterprise to support the execution of the duties and responsibilities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(B) collect and analyze advance traveler 
and cargo information; 
‘‘(C) establish, in coordination with the 
Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, as appropriate, intelligence-sharing relation-ships with Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies and intelligence agencies; 
‘‘(D) conduct risk-based covert testing of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection oper-ations, including for nuclear and radiological risks; and 
‘‘(E) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(i) O
FFICE OF INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Of-fice of International Affairs. 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall 
be at the head of the Office of International Affairs an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of International 
Affairs, in collaboration with the Office of Policy of the Department, shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate and support U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection’s foreign initiatives, policies, programs, and activities; 
‘‘(B) coordinate and support U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection’s personnel stationed abroad; 
‘‘(C) maintain partnerships and informa-
tion sharing agreements and arrangements with foreign governments, international or-ganizations, and United States agencies in support of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion duties and responsibilities; 
‘‘(D) provide necessary capacity building, 
training, and assistance to foreign border control agencies to strengthen global supply chain and travel security, as appropriate; 
‘‘(E) coordinate mission support services to 
sustain U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’s global activities; 
‘‘(F) coordinate U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection’s engagement in international negotiations; and 
‘‘(G) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(j) O
FFICE OF INTERNAL AFFAIRS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Of-fice of Internal Affairs. 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall 
be at the head of the Office of Internal Af-fairs an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Internal Affairs 
shall— 
‘‘(A) investigate criminal and administra-
tive matters and misconduct by officers, agents, and other employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(B) perform investigations of applicants 
for employment with U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and periodic reinvestigations (in accordance with section 3001 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4313 June 12, 2015 
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341; Public Law 108– 
458)) of officers, agents, and other employees of United States Custom and Border Protec-tion, including investigations to determine suitability for employment and eligibility for access to classified information; 
‘‘(C) manage integrity of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection’s counter-intelligence op-erations, including conduct of counter-intel-ligence investigations; 
‘‘(D) conduct research and analysis regard-
ing misconduct of officers, agents, and other employees of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; and 
‘‘(E) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(k) S
TANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
establish— 
‘‘(A) standard operating procedures for 
searching, reviewing, retaining, and sharing information contained in communication, electronic, or digital devices encountered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel at United States ports of entry; 
‘‘(B) standard use of force procedures that 
officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection may employ in the execution of their duties, including the use of deadly force; 
‘‘(C) a uniform, standardized, and pub-
lically-available procedure for processing and investigating complaints against offi-cers, agents, and employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for violations of pro-fessional conduct, including the timely dis-position of complaints and a written notifi-cation to the complainant of the status or outcome, as appropriate, of the related in-vestigation, in accordance with section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘Privacy Act’ or the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’); 
‘‘(D) an internal, uniform reporting mecha-
nism regarding incidents involving the use of deadly force by an officer or agent of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including an evaluation of the degree to which the proce-dures required under subparagraph (B) were followed; and 
‘‘(E) standard operating procedures, acting 
through the Assistant Commissioner for Air and Marine Operations and in coordination with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil 
Liberties and the Office of Privacy of the De-partment, to provide command, control, communication, surveillance, and reconnais-sance assistance through the use of un-manned aerial systems, including the estab-lishment of— 
‘‘(i) a process for other Federal, State, and 
local law enforcement agencies to submit mission requests; 
‘‘(ii) a formal procedure to determine 
whether to approve or deny such a mission request; 
‘‘(iii) a formal procedure to determine how 
such mission requests are prioritized and co-ordinated; and 
‘‘(iv) a process regarding the protection 
and privacy of data and images collected by U.S. Customs and Border Protection through the use of unmanned aerial systems. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS REGARDING CERTAIN NO -
TIFICATIONS .—The standard operating proce-
dures established pursuant to subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) shall require— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a search of information 
conducted on an electronic device by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel, the Commissioner to notify the individual subject to such search of the purpose and au-thority for such search, and how such indi-vidual may obtain information on reporting concerns about such search; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of information collected 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection through a search of an electronic device, if such information is transmitted to another 
Federal agency for subject matter assist-ance, translation, or decryption, the Com-missioner to notify the individual subject to such search of such transmission. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may 
withhold the notifications required under paragraphs (1)(C) and (2) if the Commissioner determines that such notifications would im-pair national security, law enforcement, or other operational interests. 
‘‘(B) T
ERRORIST WATCH LISTS .— 
‘‘(i) S EARCHES .—If the individual subject to 
search of an electronic device pursuant to subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) is included on a Government-operated or Government- maintained terrorist watch list, the notifica-tions required under paragraph (2) shall not apply. 
‘‘(ii) C
OMPLAINTS .—If the complainant 
using the process established under subpara-graph (C) of paragraph (1) is included on a Government-operated or Government-main-tained terrorist watch list, the notification required under such subparagraph shall not apply. 
‘‘(4) U
PDATE AND REVIEW .—The Commis-
sioner shall review and update every three years the standard operating procedures re-quired under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
UDITS .—The Inspector General of the 
Department of Homeland Security shall de-velop and annually administer an auditing mechanism to review whether searches of electronic devices at or between United States ports of entry are being conducted in conformity with the standard operating pro-cedures required under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1). Such audits shall be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees and shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the activities of offi-
cers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to such searches. 
‘‘(B) The number of such searches. ‘‘(C) The number of instances in which in-
formation contained in such devices that were subjected to such searches was re-tained, copied, shared, or entered in an elec-tronic database. 
‘‘(D) The number of such devices detained 
as the result of such searches. 
‘‘(E) The number of instances in which in-
formation collected from such device was subjected to such searches was transmitted to another Federal agency, including wheth-er such transmission resulted in a prosecu-tion or conviction. 
‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENTS REGARDING OTHER NOTI -
FICATIONS .—The standard operating proce-
dures established pursuant to subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) shall require— 
‘‘(A) in the case of an incident of the use of 
deadly force by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel, the Commissioner to notify the appropriate congressional com-mittees; and 
‘‘(B) the Commissioner to provide to such 
committees a copy of the evaluation pursu-ant to subparagraph (D) of such paragraph not later than 30 days after completion of such evaluation. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORT ON UNMANNED AERIAL SYS -
TEMS .—The Commissioner shall submit to 
the appropriate congressional committees an annual report that reviews whether the use of unmanned aerial systems are being con-ducted in conformity with the standard oper-ating procedures required under subpara-graph (E) of paragraph (1). Such reports— 
‘‘(A) shall be submitted with the Presi-
dent’s annual budget; 
‘‘(B) may be submitted in classified form if 
the Commissioner determines that such is appropriate, and 
‘‘(C) shall include— ‘‘(i) a detailed description of how, where, 
and for how long data and images collected through the use of unmanned aerial systems by U.S. Customs and Border Protection is collected and stored; and 
‘‘(ii) a list of Federal, State, and local law 
enforcement agencies that submitted mis-sion requests in the previous year and the disposition of such requests. 
‘‘(l) T
RAINING .—The Commissioner shall re-
quire all officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to participate in a specified amount of continuing education (to be determined by the Commissioner) to maintain an understanding of Federal legal rulings, court decisions, and departmental policies, procedures, and guidelines. 
‘‘(m) S
HORT TERMDETENTION STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) A CCESS TO FOOD AND WATER .—The Com-
missioner shall make every effort to ensure that adequate access to food and water is provided to an individual apprehended and detained at or between a United States port of entry as soon as practicable following the time of such apprehension or during subse-quent short term detention. 
‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION ON DETAINEE  
RIGHTS AT BORDER PATROL PROCESSING CEN -
TERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
ensure that an individual apprehended by a U.S. Border Patrol agent or an Office of Field Operations officer is provided with in-formation concerning such individual’s rights, including the right to contact a rep-resentative of such individual’s government for purposes of United States treaty obliga-tions. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM.—The information referred to in 
subparagraph (A) may be provided either ver-bally or in writing, and shall be posted in the detention holding cell in which such indi-vidual is being held. The information shall be provided in a language understandable to such individual. 
‘‘(3) S
HORT TERM DETENTION DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘short term deten-tion’ means detention in a U.S. Customs and Border Protection processing center for 72 hours or less, before repatriation to a coun-try of nationality or last habitual residence. 
‘‘(4) D
AYTIME REPATRIATION .—When prac-
ticable, repatriations shall be limited to day-light hours and avoid locations that are de-termined to have high indices of crime and violence. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT ON PROCUREMENT PROCESS AND  
STANDARDS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the procure-ment process and standards of entities with which U.S. Customs and Border Protection has contracts for the transportation and de-tention of individuals apprehended by agents or officers of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. Such report should also consider the operational efficiency of contracting the transportation and detention of such individ-uals. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT ON INSPECTIONS OF SHORT -TERM  
CUSTODY FACILITIES .—The Commissioner 
shall— 
‘‘(A) annually inspect all facilities utilized 
for short term detention; and 
‘‘(B) make publically available information 
collected pursuant to such inspections, in-cluding information regarding the require-ments under paragraphs (1) and (2) and, where appropriate, issue recommendations to improve the conditions of such facilities. 
‘‘(n) W
AITTIMES TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner 
shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4314 June 12, 2015 
‘‘(A) publish live wait times at the 20 
United States airports that support the high-est volume of international travel (as deter-mined by available Federal flight data); 
‘‘(B) make information about such wait 
times available to the public in real time through the U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection Web site; 
‘‘(C) submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees quarterly reports that in-clude compilations of all such wait times and a ranking of such United States airports by wait times; and 
‘‘(D) provide adequate staffing at the U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection information center to ensure timely access for travelers attempting to submit comments or speak with a representative about their entry expe-riences. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION .—The wait times referred 
to in paragraph (1)(A) shall be determined by calculating the time elapsed between an in-dividual’s entry into the U.S. Customs and Border Protection inspection area and such individual’s clearance by a U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer. 
‘‘(o) O
THER AUTHORITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may es-
tablish such other offices or Assistant Com-missioners (or other similar officers or offi-cials) as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the missions, duties, functions, and authorities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary exer-
cises the authority provided pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days before exercising such au-thority. 
‘‘(p) O
THER FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing 
in this section may be construed as affecting in any manner the authority, existing on the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, of any other Federal agency, including the Transportation Security Administration, with respect to the duties of U.S. Customs and Border Protection described in sub-section (c).’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
(1) T REATMENT .—Section 411 of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002, as amended by sub-section (a) of this section, shall be treated as if included in such Act as of the date of the enactment of such Act, and, in addition to the functions, missions, duties, and authori-ties specified in such amended section 411, U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall continue to perform and carry out the func-tions, missions, duties, and authorities under section 411 of such Act as in existence on the day before such date of enactment, and sec-tion 415 of such Act. 
(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
(A) R ULES AND REGULATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1), nothing in this title or any amendment made by this title may be construed as affecting in any manner any rule or regulation issued or promulgated pur-suant to any provision of law, including sec-tion 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and any such rule or regulation shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date. 
(B) O
THER ACTIONS .—Notwithstanding 
paragraph (1), nothing in this Act may be construed as affecting in any manner any ac-tion, determination, policy, or decision pur-suant to section 411 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 as in existence on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, and any such action, determination, policy, or decision shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date. 
(c) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .— (1) C OMMISSIONER .—The individual serving 
as the Commissioner of Customs on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection on and after such date of enactment until a Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion is appointed under section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
(2) O
THER POSITIONS .—The individuals serv-
ing as Assistant Commissioners and other of-ficers and officials under section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the appropriate Assistant Com-missioners and other officers and officials under such section 411 as amended by sub-section (a) of this section unless the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection determines that another individual should hold such position or positions. 
(d) R
EFERENCE .— 
(1) T ITLE 5 .—Section 5314 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Com-missioner of Customs, Department of Home-land Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security’’. 
(2) O
THER REFERENCES .—On and after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, any ref-erence in law or regulations to the ‘‘Commis-sioner of Customs’’ or the ‘‘Commissioner of the Customs Service’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by striking the item relating to section 411 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 411. Establishment of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection; Com-missioner, Deputy Commis-sioner, and operational of-fices.’’. 
(f) R
EPEALS .—Sections 416 and 418 of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 216 and 218), and the items relating to such sec-tions in the table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act, are repealed. 
(g) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— 
(A) in title I— (i) in section 102(f)(10) (6 U.S.C. 112(f)(10)), 
by striking ‘‘the Directorate of Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(ii) in section 103(a)(1) (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1))— (I) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘An 
Under Secretary for Border and Transpor-tation Security.’’ and inserting ‘‘A Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion.’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘A Di-
rector of the Office of Counternarcotics En-forcement.’’ and inserting ‘‘A Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment.’’; and 
(B) in title IV— (i) by striking the title heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ BORDER, MARITIME, AND TRANSPOR-
TATION SECURITY ’’; 
(ii) in subtitle A— (I) by striking the subtitle heading and in-
serting ‘‘ Border, Maritime, and Transpor-
tation Security Responsibilities and Func-tions ’’; and 
(II) in section 402 (6 U.S.C. 202)— (aa) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘
RESPONSIBILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ BORDER , 
MARITIME , AND TRANSPORTATION RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, acting through the 
Under Secretary for Border and Transpor-tation Security,’’; 
(iii) in subtitle B— (I) by striking the subtitle heading and in-
serting ‘‘ U.S. Customs and Border Protec-
tion’’; 
(II) in section 412(b) (6 U.S.C. 212), by strik-
ing ‘‘the United States Customs Service’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(III) in section 413 (6 U.S.C. 213), by strik-
ing ‘‘available to the United States Customs Service or’’; 
(IV) in section 414 (6 U.S.C. 214), by strik-
ing ‘‘the United States Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection’’; and 
(V) in section 415 (6 U.S.C. 215)— (aa) in paragraph (7), by inserting before 
the colon the following: ‘‘, and of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection on the day be-fore the effective date of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act’’; and 
(bb) in paragraph (8), by inserting before 
the colon the following: ‘‘, and of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection on the day be-fore the effective date of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act’’; 
(iv) in subtitle C— (I) by striking section 424 (6 U.S.C. 234) and 
inserting the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 424. PRESERVATION OF TRANSPORTATION 
SECURITY ADMINISTRATION AS A DISTINCT ENTITY. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act, the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall be maintained as a dis-tinct entity within the Department.’’; and 
(II) in section 430 (6 U.S.C. 238)— (aa) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Department an Office for Domestic Preparedness.’’; 
(bb) in subsection (b), by striking the sec-
ond sentence; and 
(cc) in subsection (c)(7), by striking ‘‘Di-
rectorate’’ and inserting ‘‘Department’’; and 
(v) in subtitle D— (I) in section 441 (6 U.S.C. 251)— (aa) by striking the section heading and in-
serting ‘‘
TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS ’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Bor-
der and Transportation Security’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary’’; 
(II) in section 443 (6 U.S.C. 253)— (aa) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Border Se-
curity’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(III) by amending section 444 (6 U.S.C. 254) 
to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 444. EMPLOYEE DISCIPLINE. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the Secretary may impose disciplinary action on any employee of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Protection who willfully deceives Congress or agency leadership on any mat-ter.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 401 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 201) is repealed. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended— 
(A) by striking the item relating to title 
IV and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4315 June 12, 2015 
‘‘TITLE IV—BORDER, MARITIME, AND 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY’’; 
(B) by striking the item relating to sub-
title A of title IV and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Subtitle A—Border, Maritime, and Trans-
portation Security Responsibilities and Functions’’; 
(C) by striking the item relating to section 
401; 
(D) by striking the item relating to sub-
title B of title IV and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Subtitle B—U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection’’; 
(E) by striking the item relating to section 
441 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 441. Transfer of functions.’’; 
and 
(F) by striking the item relating to section 
442 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 442. U.S. Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement.’’. 
(h) O
FFICE OF TRADE .— 
(1) T RADE OFFICES AND FUNCTIONS .—The Act 
of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. OFFICE OF TRADE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Of-fice of Trade. 
‘‘(b) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be at the 
head of the Office of Trade an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Assistant Com-
missioner shall have a minimum of 10 years of professional experience with the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
‘‘(3) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE POSITION .— 
The position of Assistant Commissioner for Trade shall be a Senior Executive Service position (as defined in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code). 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The Office of Trade shall— 
‘‘(1) direct the development and implemen-
tation, pursuant to the customs and trade laws of the United States, of policies and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(2) advise the Commissioner with respect 
to the impact on trade facilitation and trade enforcement of any policy or regulation oth-erwise proposed or administered by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection; 
‘‘(3) coordinate and cooperate with the As-
sistant Commissioner for the Office of Field Operations with respect to the trade facilita-tion and trade enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection carried out at the land borders and ports of entry of the United States; 
‘‘(4) direct the development and implemen-
tation of matters relating to the priority trade issues identified by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in the joint strategic plan on trade facilitation and trade enforcement required under sec-tion 123A of the Customs and Trade Act of 1990; 
‘‘(5) otherwise advise the Commissioner of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to the development and implementa-tion of the joint strategic plan; 
‘‘(6) direct the trade enforcement activities 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(7) oversee the trade modernization ac-
tivities of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, including the development and imple-mentation of the Automated Commercial Environment computer system authorized under section 13031(f)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(5)) and support for the 
establishment of the International Trade Data System under the oversight of the De-partment of Treasury pursuant to section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1411(d)); 
‘‘(8) direct the administration of customs 
revenue functions as otherwise provided by law or delegated by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
‘‘(9) prepare an annual report to be sub-
mitted to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives not later than March 1 of each calendar year that includes— 
‘‘(A) a summary of the changes to customs 
policies and regulations adopted by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection during the pre-ceding calendar year; and 
‘‘(B) a description of the public vetting and 
interagency consultation that occurred with respect to each such change. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSFER OF ASSETS , FUNCTIONS , AND 
PERSONNEL ; ELIMINATION OF OFFICES .— 
‘‘(1) O FFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Commissioner shall transfer the as-sets, functions, personnel, and liabilities of the Office of International Trade to the Of-fice of Trade established under subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) E
LIMINATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Office of International Trade shall be abolished. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION ON FUNDS .—No funds ap-
propriated to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection or the Department of Homeland Se-curity may be used to transfer the assets, functions, personnel, and liabilities of the Office of International Trade to an office other than the Office of Trade established under subsection (a). 
‘‘(D) O
FFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE DE -
FINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Office of 
International Trade’ means the Office of International Trade established by section 2 of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44. Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072), as added by sec-tion 402 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 347; 120 Stat. 1924), and as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) O
THER TRANSFERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner is au-
thorized to transfer any other assets, func-tions, or personnel within U.S. Customs and Border Protection to the Office of Trade es-tablished under subsection (d). 
‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not 
less than 90 days prior to the transfer of as-sets, functions, or personnel under subpara-graph (A)(i), the Commissioner shall notify the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives of the specific assets, functions, or personnel to be transferred, and the rea-son for the transfer. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the 
terms ‘customs and trade laws of the United States’, ‘trade enforcement’, and ‘trade fa-cilitation’ have the meanings given such terms in section 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The indi-
vidual serving as the Assistant Commis-sioner of the Office of International Trade on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Assistant Commis-
sioner for Trade on or after such date of en-actment, at the discretion of the Commis-sioner. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2 of 
the Act of March 3, 1927 (44. Stat. 1381, chap-ter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072), as added by section 402 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1924), is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. 
(i) R
EPORTS AND ASSESSMENTS .— 
(1) R EPORT ON BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION  
INITIATIVE .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate a report on U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Busi-ness Transformation Initiative, including lo-cations where the Initiative is deployed, the types of equipment utilized, a description of protocols and procedures, information on wait times at such locations since deploy-ment, and information regarding the sched-ule for deployment at new locations. 
(2) P
ORT OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS  
ASSESSMENTS .—Not later 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection shall assess the physical infrastruc-ture and technology needs at the 20 busiest land ports of entry (as measured by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection) with a par-ticular attention to identify ways to— 
(A) improve travel and trade facilitation; (B) reduce wait times; (C) improve physical infrastructure and 
conditions for individuals accessing pedes-trian ports of entry; 
(D) enter into long-term leases with non-
governmental and private sector entities; 
(E) enter into lease-purchase agreements 
with nongovernmental and private sector en-tities; and 
(F) achieve cost savings through leases de-
scribed in subparagraphs (D) and (E). 
(3) P
ERSONAL SEARCHES .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on supervisor-ap-proved personal searches conducted in the previous year by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel. Such report shall in-clude the number of personal searches con-ducted in each sector and field office, the number of invasive personal searches con-ducted in each sector and field office, wheth-er personal searches were conducted by Of-fice of Field Operations or U.S. Border Pa-trol personnel, and how many personal searches resulted in the discovery of contra-band. 
(j) T
RUSTED TRAVELER PROGRAMS .—The 
Secretary of Homeland Security may not enter into or renew an agreement with the government of a foreign country for a trust-ed traveler program administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection unless the Secretary certifies in writing that such gov-ernment— 
(1) routinely submits to INTERPOL for in-
clusion in INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Documents database information about lost and stolen passports and travel documents of the citizens and nationals of such country; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4316 June 12, 2015 
(2) makes available to the United States 
Government the information described in paragraph (1) through another means of re-porting. 
(k) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE  
FOREIGN LANGUAGE AWARD PROGRAM .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(A) Congress established the Foreign Lan-
guage Award Program (FLAP) to incentivize employees at United States ports of entry to utilize their foreign language skills on the job by providing a financial incentive for the use of the foreign language for at least ten percent of their duties after passage of com-petency tests. FLAP incentivizes the use of more than two dozen languages and has been instrumental in identifying and utilizing U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers and agents who are proficient in a foreign language. 
(B) In 1993, Congress provided for dedicated 
funding for this program by stipulating that certain fees collected by U.S. Customs and Border Protection be used to fund FLAP. 
(C) Through FLAP, foreign travelers are 
aided by having an officer at a port of entry who speaks their language, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection benefits by being able to focus its border security efforts in a more effective manner. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that FLAP incentivizes U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection officers to at-tain and maintain competency in a foreign language, thereby improving the efficiency of operations for the functioning of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’s security mis-sion, making the United States a more wel-coming place when foreign travelers find of-ficers can communicate in their language, and helping to expedite traveler processing to reduce wait times. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 901. DE MINIMIS VALUE. 
(a) D EMINIMIS VALUE .—Section 321(a)(2)(C) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$200’’ and inserting ‘‘$800’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to articles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the 15th day after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
SEC. 902. CONSULTATION ON TRADE AND CUS-
TOMS REVENUE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 401(c) of the Safety and Account-
ability for Every Port Act (6 U.S.C. 115(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on De-
partment policies and actions that have’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 30 days after proposing, and not later than 30 days before finalizing, any Department policies, initia-tives, or actions that will have’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘not 
later than 30 days prior to the finalization of’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 60 days be-fore proposing, and not later than 60 days be-fore finalizing,’’. 
SEC. 903. PENALTIES FOR CUSTOMS BROKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641(d)(1) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641(d)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) has been convicted of committing or 
conspiring to commit an act of terrorism de-scribed in section 2332b of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 641 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘The 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking 
‘‘Secretary’s notice’’ and inserting ‘‘notice under subparagraph (A)’’. 
SEC. 904. AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 98 OF THE 
HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A RTICLES EXPORTED AND RETURNED , AD-
VANCED OR IMPROVED ABROAD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—U.S. Note 3 to subchapter 
II of chapter 98 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of subheadings 
9802.00.40 and 9802.00.50, fungible articles ex-ported from the United States for the pur-poses described in such subheadings— 
‘‘(A) may be commingled; and ‘‘(B) the origin, value, and classification of 
such articles may be accounted for using an inventory management method. 
‘‘(2) If a person chooses to use an inventory 
management method under this paragraph with respect to fungible articles, the person shall use the same inventory management method for any other articles with respect to which the person claims fungibility under this paragraph. 
‘‘(3) For the purposes of this paragraph— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘fungible articles’ means 
merchandise or articles that, for commercial purposes, are identical or interchangeable in all situations; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘inventory management 
method’ means any method for managing in-ventory that is based on generally accepted accounting principles.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this subsection applies to articles classifiable under subheading 9802.00.40 or 9802.00.50 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States that are entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF PROVISIONS RELATING  
TORETURNED PROPERTY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The article description for 
heading 9801.00.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting after ‘‘exported’’ the following: ‘‘, or any other products when returned within 3 years after having been exported’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) applies to articles en-tered, or withdrawn from warehouse for con-sumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) D
UTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR CERTAIN  
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT PROPERTY RE-
TURNED TO THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 98 
of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting in nu-merical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9801.00.11 United States Government property, returned to the United States without having been advanced in value 
or improved in condition by any means while abroad, entered by the United States Government or a con-tractor to the United States Government, and certified by the importer as United States Government prop-erty ........................................................................................................................... .............................................. Free ’’. 
(2) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) applies to goods en-tered, or withdrawn from warehouse for con-sumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 905. EXEMPTION FROM DUTY OF RESIDUE 
OF BULK CARGO CONTAINED IN IN-STRUMENTS OF INTERNATIONAL TRAFFIC PREVIOUSLY EXPORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—General Note 3(e) of the 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (vi), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (vi) (as 
so amended) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(vii) residue of bulk cargo contained in 
instruments of international traffic pre-viously exported from the United States,’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end of the flush text 
following subparagraph (vii) (as so added) the following: ‘‘For purposes of subparagraph (vii) of this paragraph: The term ‘residue’ means material of bulk cargo that remains in an instrument of international traffic after the bulk cargo is removed, with a quan-
tity, by weight or volume, not exceeding 7 percent of the bulk cargo, and with no or de minimis value. The term ‘bulk cargo’ means cargo that is unpackaged and is in either solid, liquid, or gaseous form. The term ‘in-struments of international traffic’ means containers or holders, capable of and suitable for repeated use, such as lift vans, cargo vans, shipping tanks, skids, pallets, caul boards, and cores for textile fabrics, arriving (whether loaded or empty) in use or to be used in the shipment of merchandise in international traffic, and any additional ar-ticles or classes of articles that the Commis-
sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion designates as instruments of inter-national traffic.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to residue of bulk cargo con-tained in instruments of international traffic that are imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after such date of enactment and that previously have been ex-ported from the United States. SEC. 906. DRAWBACK AND REFUNDS. 
(a) A RTICLES MADE FROM IMPORTED MER-
CHANDISE .—Section 313(a) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon the merchandise so used shall be refunded as drawback, less 1 per centum of such duties, except that such’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as drawback, except that’’. 
(b) S
UBSTITUTION FOR DRAWBACK PUR-
POSES .—Section 313(b) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If imported’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If imported’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and any other merchandise 
(whether imported or domestic) of the same kind and quality are’’ and inserting ‘‘or mer-chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise is’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting 
‘‘5 years’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘the receipt of such im-
ported merchandise by the manufacturer or producer of such articles’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4317 June 12, 2015 
date of importation of such imported mer-
chandise’’; 
(5) by striking ‘‘an amount of drawback 
equal to’’ and all that follows through the end period and inserting ‘‘an amount cal-culated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under sub-section (l), but only if those articles have not been used prior to such exportation or de-struction.’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO TRANSFER  
OF MERCHANDISE .— 
‘‘(A) M ANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS .— 
Drawback shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or produced using imported merchandise or other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise only if the manufac-turer or producer of the article received such imported merchandise or such other mer-chandise, directly or indirectly, from the im-porter. 
‘‘(B) E
XPORTERS AND DESTROYERS .—Draw-
back shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with respect to a manufactured or produced article that is exported or destroyed only if the exporter or destroyer received that arti-cle, directly or indirectly, from the manufac-turer or producer. 
‘‘(C) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFER .—Transfers of 
merchandise under subparagraph (A) and transfers of articles under subparagraph (B) may be evidenced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no addi-tional certificates of transfer or manufac-ture shall be required. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF BILL OF MATERIALS OR  
FORMULA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Drawback shall be al-
lowed under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or produced using im-ported merchandise or other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS sub-heading number as such imported merchan-dise only if the person making the drawback claim submits with the claim a bill of mate-rials or formula identifying the merchandise and article by the 8-digit HTS subheading number and the quantity of the merchandise. 
‘‘(B) B
ILL OF MATERIALS AND FORMULA DE -
FINED .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘bill of 
materials’ and ‘formula’ mean records kept in the normal course of business that iden-tify each component incorporated into a manufactured or produced article or that identify the quantity of each element, mate-rial, chemical, mixture, or other substance incorporated into a manufactured article. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SOUGHT CHEMICAL  
ELEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-
graph (1), a sought chemical element may be— 
‘‘(i) considered imported merchandise, or 
merchandise classifiable under the same 8- digit HTS subheading number as such im-ported merchandise, used in the manufacture or production of an article as described in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(ii) substituted for source material con-
taining that sought chemical element, with-out regard to whether the sought chemical element and the source material are classifi-able under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number, and apportioned quantitatively, as appropriate. 
‘‘(B) S
OUGHT CHEMICAL ELEMENT DEFINED .— 
In this paragraph, the term ‘sought chemical element’ means an element listed in the Periodic Table of Elements that is imported into the United States or a chemical com-pound consisting of those elements, either separately in elemental form or contained in source material.’’. 
(c) M
ERCHANDISE NOTCONFORMING TO SAM-
PLE OR SPECIFICATIONS .—Section 313(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(c)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘under a certificate of delivery’’ each place it appears; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ and 
inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’’; and 
(C) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon such merchandise, less 1 percent,’’ and in-serting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Cus-
toms Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFERS .—Transfers of 
merchandise under paragraph (1) may be evi-denced by business records kept in the nor-mal course of business and no additional cer-tificates of transfer shall be required.’’. 
(d) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—Section 313(i) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—A person 
claiming drawback under this section based on the exportation of an article shall provide proof of the exportation of the article. Such proof of exportation— 
‘‘(1) shall establish fully the date and fact 
of exportation and the identity of the ex-porter; and 
‘‘(2) may be established through the use of 
records kept in the normal course of business or through an electronic export system of the United States Government, as deter-mined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.’’. 
(e) U
NUSED MERCHANDISE DRAWBACK .—Sec-
tion 313(j) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the date of importa-tion’’; and 
(B) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘99 percent of the amount of each duty, tax, or fee so paid’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount cal-culated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under sub-section (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and (6)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘com-
mercially interchangeable with’’ and insert-ing ‘‘classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the imported merchan-dise’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking sub-
clause (II) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(II) received the imported merchandise, 
other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, directly or indirectly from the person who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees imposed under Federal law upon importation or entry and due on the imported merchandise (and any such trans-ferred merchandise, regardless of its origin, will be treated as the imported merchandise 
and any retained merchandise will be treated as domestic merchandise);’’; 
(E) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘the amount of each such 
duty, tax, and fee’’ and all that follows through ‘‘99 percent of that duty, tax, or fee’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursu-ant to regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as drawback’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), drawback shall be allowed under this paragraph with respect to wine if the imported wine and the exported wine are of the same color and the price variation be-tween the imported wine and the exported wine does not exceed 50 percent. Transfers of merchandise may be evidenced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no additional certificates of transfer shall be required.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘the 
commercially interchangeable merchandise’’ and inserting ‘‘merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading num-ber as such imported merchandise’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2) and 
except as provided in subparagraph (B), mer-chandise may not be substituted for im-ported merchandise for drawback purposes based on the 8-digit HTS subheading number if the article description for the 8-digit HTS subheading number under which the im-ported merchandise is classified begins with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(B) In cases described in subparagraph 
(A), merchandise may be substituted for im-ported merchandise for drawback purposes 
if— 
‘‘(i) the other merchandise and such im-
ported merchandise are classifiable under the same 10-digit HTS statistical reporting number; and 
‘‘(ii) the article description for that 10- 
digit HTS statistical reporting number does not begin with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(6)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2), a 
drawback claimant may use the first 8 digits of the 10-digit Schedule B number for mer-chandise or an article to determine if the merchandise or article is classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as the imported merchandise, without regard to whether the Schedule B number corresponds to more than one 8-digit HTS subheading number. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘Schedule 
B’ means the Department of Commerce Schedule B, Statistical Classification of Do-mestic and Foreign Commodities Exported from the United States.’’. 
(f) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Sec-
tion 313(k) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(k)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(k) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any person making a 
claim for drawback under this section shall be liable for the full amount of the drawback claimed. 
‘‘(2) L
IABILITY OF IMPORTERS .—An importer 
shall be liable for any drawback claim made by another person with respect to merchan-dise imported by the importer in an amount equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the person claimed with respect to the imported merchandise; or 
‘‘(B) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the importer authorized the other per-son to claim with respect to the imported merchandise. 
‘‘(3) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY .—Per-
sons described in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be jointly and severally liable for the amount described in paragraph (2).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4318 June 12, 2015 
(g) R EGULATIONS .—Section 313(l) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(l)) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(l) R
EGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Allowance of the privi-
leges provided for in this section shall be subject to compliance with such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION OF DRAWBACK .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (or, if later, the ef-fective date provided for in section 906(q)(2)(B) of that Act), the Secretary shall prescribe regulations for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this section. 
‘‘(B) C
LAIMS WITH RESPECT TO UNUSED MER -
CHANDISE .—The regulations required by sub-
paragraph (A) for determining the calcula-tion of amounts refunded as drawback under this section shall provide for a refund of equal to 99 percent of the duties, taxes, and fees paid with respect to the imported mer-chandise, except that where there is substi-tution of the merchandise or article, then— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an article that is ex-
ported, the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(I) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchan-dise; or 
‘‘(II) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the exported article if the exported article were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is de-
stroyed, the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
‘‘(I) equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchan-dise; and 
‘‘(bb) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the destroyed article if the destroyed article were imported; and 
‘‘(II) reduced by the value of materials re-
covered during destruction as provided in subsection (x). 
‘‘(C) C
LAIMS WITH RESPECT TO ARTICLES INTO  
WHICH SUBSTITUTE MERCHANDISE IS INCOR -
PORATED .—The regulations required by sub-
paragraph (A) for determining the calcula-tion of amounts refunded as drawback under this section shall provide for a refund of 99 percent of the duties, taxes, and fees paid with respect to the imported merchandise in-corporated into an article that is exported or destroyed, except that where there is substi-tution of the imported merchandise, then— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an article that is ex-
ported, the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(I) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchan-dise; or 
‘‘(II) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the substituted mer-chandise if the substituted merchandise were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is de-
stroyed, the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
‘‘(I) equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchan-dise; and 
‘‘(bb) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the substituted mer-chandise if the substituted merchandise were imported; and 
‘‘(II) reduced by the value of materials re-
covered during destruction as provided in subsection (x). 
‘‘(3) S
TATUS REPORTS ON REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and 
annually thereafter until the regulations re-quired by paragraph (2) are final, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the status of those regulations.’’. 
(h) S
UBSTITUTION OF FINISHED PETROLEUM  
DERIVATIVES .—Section 313(p) of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(p)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Harmonized Tariff Sched-
ule of the United States’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘HTS’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘, as so 
certified in a certificate of delivery or cer-tificate of manufacture and delivery’’; and 
(B) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘, so designated on the cer-
tificate of delivery or certificate of manufac-ture and delivery’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘The party transfer-ring the merchandise shall maintain records kept in the normal course of business to demonstrate the transfer.’’. 
(i) P
ACKAGING MATERIAL .—Section 313(q) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(q)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of 99 per-
cent of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on such imported material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘of 99 per-
cent of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on the imported or substituted merchandise used to manufacture or produce such material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursuant to regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘they con-
tain’’ and inserting ‘‘it contains’’. 
(j) F
ILING OF DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Section 
313(r) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(r)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking the first sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘A drawback entry shall be filed or applied for, as applicable, not later than 5 years after the date on which merchandise on which drawback is claimed was imported.’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘3- 
year’’ and inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(C) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘The Customs Service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(ii) in clauses (i) and (ii), by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘3-year’’ 
and inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the 
periods of time for retaining records set forth in subsection (t) of this section and’’ and inserting ‘‘the period of time for retain-ing records set forth in’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) All drawback claims filed on and after 
the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (or, if later, the effective date provided for in section 906(q)(2)(B) of that Act) shall be filed elec-tronically.’’. 
(k) D
ESIGNATION OF MERCHANDISE BY SUC-
CESSOR .—Section 313(s) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(s)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) subject to paragraphs (5) and (6) of 
subsection (j), imported merchandise, other merchandise classifiable under the same 8- digit HTS subheading number as such im-ported merchandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, that the predecessor received, before the date of succession, from the per-son who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees due on the imported merchandise;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘certifies 
that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘cer-tifies that the transferred merchandise was not and will not be claimed by the prede-cessor.’’. 
(l) D
RAWBACK CERTIFICATES .—Section 313 of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amended by striking subsection (t). 
(m) D
RAWBACK FOR RECOVERED MATE-
RIALS .—Section 313(x) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(x)) is amended by striking ‘‘and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘(c), and (j)’’. 
(n) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 313 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(z) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D IRECTLY .—The term ‘directly’ means 
a transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person without any in-termediate transfer. 
‘‘(2) HTS.—The term ‘HTS’ means the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
‘‘(3) I
NDIRECTLY .—The term ‘indirectly’ 
means a transfer of merchandise or an arti-cle from one person to another person with one or more intermediate transfers.’’. 
(o) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Section 508(c)(3) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1508(c)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘3rd’’ and inserting ‘‘5th’’; 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘liquidation’’. 
(p) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the issuance of the regulations required by subsection (l)(2) of section 313 of the Tar-iff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (g) of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the modernization of drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the modernization of 
drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
(B) A description of drawback claims that 
were permissible before the effective date provided for in subsection (q) that are not permissible after that effective date and an identification of industries most affected. 
(C) A description of drawback claims that 
were not permissible before the effective date provided for in subsection (q) that are permissible after that effective date and an identification of industries most affected. 
(q) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(B) apply to drawback claims filed on or 
after the date that is 2 years after such date of enactment. 
(2) R
EPORTING OF OPERABILITY OF AUTO -
MATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRONMENT COMPUTER  
SYSTEM .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, and not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4319 June 12, 2015 
later than 2 years after such date of enact-
ment, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a report on— 
(A) the date on which the Automated Com-
mercial Environment will be ready to proc-ess drawback claims; and 
(B) the date on which the Automated Ex-
port System will be ready to accept proof of exportation under subsection (i) of section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by subsection (d). 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—During the one-year 
period beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act (or, if later, the effective date provided for in paragraph (2)(B)), a person may elect to file a claim for drawback under— 
(A) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as 
amended by this section; or 
(B) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as 
in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 907. OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE 
REPRESENTATIVE. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT ON TRADE AGREEMENTS  
PROGRAM AND NATIONAL TRADE POLICY AGEN-
DA.—Section 163(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2213(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the operation of all United States 
Trade Representative-led interagency pro-grams during the preceding year and for the year in which the report is submitted.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) The report shall include, with respect 
to the matters referred to in paragraph (1)(C), information regarding— 
‘‘(A) the objectives and priorities of all 
United States Trade Representative-led 
interagency programs for the year, and the reasons therefor; 
‘‘(B) the actions proposed, or anticipated, 
to be undertaken during the year to achieve such objectives and priorities, including ac-tions authorized under the trade laws and negotiations with foreign countries; 
‘‘(C) the role of each Federal agency par-
ticipating in the interagency program in achieving such objectives and priorities and activities of each agency with respect to their participation in the program; 
‘‘(D) the United States Trade Representa-
tive’s coordination of each participating Federal agency to more effectively achieve such objectives and priorities; 
‘‘(E) any proposed legislation necessary or 
appropriate to achieve any of such objectives or priorities; and 
‘‘(F) the progress that was made during the 
preceding year in achieving such objectives and priorities and coordination activities in-cluded in the statement provided for such year under this paragraph.’’. 
(b) R
ESOURCE MANAGEMENT AND STAFFING  
PLANS .— 
(1) A NNUAL PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall on an annual basis de-velop a plan— 
(i) to match available resources of the Of-
fice of the United States Trade Representa-tive to projected workload and provide a de-tailed analysis of how the funds allocated from the prior fiscal year to date have been spent; 
(ii) to identify existing staff of the Office 
and new staff that will be necessary to sup-port the trade negotiation and enforcement functions and powers of the Office (including those of the Trade Policy Staff Committee) as described in section 141 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) and section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411); (iii) to identify existing staff of the Office 
and staff of other Federal agencies who will be required to be detailed to support United States Trade Representative-led interagency programs, including any associated expenses; and 
(iv) to provide a detailed analysis of the 
budgetary requirements of United States Trade Representative-led interagency pro-grams for the next fiscal year and provide a detailed analysis of how the funds allocated from the prior fiscal year to date have been spent. 
(B) R
EPORT .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall submit to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report that contains the plan required under subparagraph (A). The report required under this subparagraph shall be submitted in conjunction with the annual budget of the United States Government re-quired to be submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. 
(2) Q
UADRENNIAL PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Pursuant to the goals and 
objectives of the strategic plan of the Office of the United States Trade Representative as required under section 306 of title 5, United States Code, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall every 4 years develop a plan— 
(i) to analyze internal quality controls and 
record management of the Office; 
(ii) to identify existing staff of the Office 
and new staff that will be necessary to sup-port the trade negotiation and enforcement functions and powers of the Office (including those of the Trade Policy Staff Committee) as described in section 141 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) and section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411); 
(iii) to identify existing staff of the Office 
and staff in other Federal agencies who will be required to be detailed to support United States Trade Representative-led interagency programs, including any associated expenses; 
(iv) to provide an outline of budget jus-
tifications, including salaries and expenses as well as non-personnel administrative ex-penses, for the fiscal years required under 
the strategic plan; and 
(v) to provide an outline of budget jus-
tifications, including salaries and expenses as well as non-personnel administrative ex-penses, for United States Trade Representa-tive-led interagency programs for the fiscal years required under the strategic plan. 
(B) R
EPORT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall submit to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report that contains the plan required under subparagraph (A). Except as provided in clause (ii), the report required under this clause shall be submitted in con-junction with the strategic plan of the Office as required under section 306 of title 5, United States Code. 
(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall submit to the congres-sional committees specified in clause (i) an initial report that contains the plan required under subparagraph (A) not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2016. 
SEC. 908. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL TRADE AND 
COMMERCIAL ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Israel is America’s dependable, demo-
cratic ally in the Middle East—an area of paramount strategic importance to the United States. (2) The United States-Israel Free Trade 
Agreement formed the modern foundation of the bilateral commercial relationship be-tween the two countries and was the first such agreement signed by the United States with a foreign country. 
(3) The United States-Israel Free Trade 
Agreement has been instrumental in expand-ing commerce and the strategic relationship between the United States and Israel. 
(4) More than $45 billion in goods and serv-
ices is traded annually between the two countries in addition to roughly $10 billion in United States foreign direct investment in Israel. 
(5) The United States continues to look for 
and find new opportunities to enhance co-operation with Israel, including through the enactment of the United States-Israel En-hanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–150) and the United States- Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296). 
(6) It has been the policy of the United 
States Government to combat all elements of the Arab League Boycott of Israel by— 
(A) public statements of Administration 
officials; 
(B) enactment of relevant sections of the 
Export Administration Act of 1979 (as con-tinued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act), including sections to ensure foreign persons comply with applicable reporting require-ments relating to the boycott; 
(C) enactment of the 1976 Tax Reform Act 
(Public Law 94–455) that denies certain tax benefits to entities abiding by the boycott; 
(D) ensuring through free trade agreements 
with Bahrain and Oman that such countries no longer participate in the boycott; and 
(E) ensuring as a condition of membership 
in the World Trade Organization that Saudi Arabia no longer enforces the secondary or tertiary elements of the boycott. 
(b) S
TATEMENTS OF POLICY .—Congress— 
(1) supports the strengthening of United 
States-Israel economic cooperation and rec-ognizes the tremendous strategic, economic, and technological value of cooperation with Israel; 
(2) recognizes the benefit of cooperation 
with Israel to United States companies, in-cluding by improving American competitive-ness in global markets; 
(3) recognizes the importance of trade and 
commercial relations to the pursuit and sus-tainability of peace, and supports efforts to bring together the United States, Israel, the Palestinian territories, and others in en-hanced commerce; 
(4) opposes politically motivated actions 
that penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts, divestment or sanctions; 
(5) notes that the boycott, divestment, and 
sanctioning of Israel by governments, gov-ernmental bodies, quasi-governmental bod-ies, international organizations, and other such entities is contrary to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) principle of non-discrimination; 
(6) encourages the inclusion of politically 
motivated actions that penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts, divestment from, or sanctions against Israel as a topic of discus-sion at the U.S.-Israel Joint Economic De-velopment Group (JEDG) and other areas to support the strengthening of the United States-Israel commercial relationship and combat any commercial discrimination against Israel; 
(7) supports efforts to prevent investiga-
tions or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons on the sole basis of such persons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4320 June 12, 2015 
doing business with Israel, with Israeli enti-
ties, or in Israeli-controlled territories; and 
(8) supports American States examining a 
company’s promotion or compliance with unsanctioned boycotts, divestment from, or sanctions against Israel as part of its consid-eration in awarding grants and contracts and supports the divestment of State assets from companies that support or promote actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel. 
(c) P
RINCIPAL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJEC-
TIVES OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS .—Among the 
principal trade negotiating objectives of the United States for proposed trade agreements with foreign countries regarding commercial partnerships are the following: 
(A) To discourage actions by potential 
trading partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commer-cial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
(B) To discourage politically motivated ac-
tions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel and to seek the elimination of politi-cally motivated non-tariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on the State of Israel. 
(C) To seek the elimination of state-spon-
sored unsanctioned foreign boycotts against Israel or compliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel by prospective trading partners. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection takes 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to negotiations commenced before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) R
EPORT ON POLITICALLY MOTIVATED  
ACTS OF BOYCOTT , DIVESTMENT FROM, AND 
SANCTIONS AGAINST ISRAEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on politically motivated acts of boycott, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the establishment of 
barriers to trade, including non-tariff bar-riers, investment, or commerce by foreign countries or international organizations against United States persons operating or doing business in Israel, with Israeli entities, or in Israeli-controlled territories. 
(B) A description of specific steps being 
taken by the United States to encourage for-eign countries and international organiza-tions to cease creating such barriers and to dismantle measures already in place and an assessment of the effectiveness of such steps. 
(C) A description of specific steps being 
taken by the United States to prevent inves-tigations or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons on the sole basis of such persons doing business with Israel, with Israeli enti-ties, or in Israeli-controlled territories. 
(D) Decisions by foreign persons, including 
corporate entities and state-affiliated finan-cial institutions, that limit or prohibit eco-nomic relations with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israeli controlled ter-ritories. 
(e) C
ERTAIN FOREIGN JUDGMENTS AGAINST  
UNITED STATES PERSONS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, no domestic court shall recognize or enforce any foreign judgment entered against a United States person that conducts business operations in Israel, or any territory controlled by Israel, if the domestic court determines that the foreign judgment is based, in whole or in part, on a determination by a foreign court that the United States person’s conducting business operations therein or with Israeli 
entities constitutes a violation of law. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B OYCOTT , DIVESTMENT FROM , AND SANC -
TIONS AGAINST ISRAEL .—The term ‘‘boycott, 
divestment from, and sanctions against Israel’’ means actions by states, non-member states of the United Nations, international organizations, or affiliated agencies of inter-national organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifi-cally with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israeli-controlled territories. 
(2) D
OMESTIC COURT .—The term ‘‘domestic 
court’’ means a Federal court of the United States, or a court of any State or territory of the United States or of the District of Co-lumbia. 
(3) F
OREIGN COURT .—The term ‘‘foreign 
court’’ means a court, an administrative body, or other tribunal of a foreign country. 
(4) F
OREIGN JUDGMENT .—The term ‘‘foreign 
judgment’’ means a final civil judgment ren-dered by a foreign court. 
(5) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign 
person’’ means— 
(A) any natural person who is not lawfully 
admitted for permanent residence (as defined in section 101(a)(20) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20)) or who is not a protected individual (as defined in section 274B(a)(3) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)); or 
(B) any foreign corporation, business asso-
ciation, partnership, trust, society or any other entity or group that is not incor-porated or organized to do business in the United States, as well as any international organization, foreign government and any agency or subdivision of foreign government, including a diplomatic mission. 
(6) P
ERSON .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘person’’ 
means— 
(i) a natural person; (ii) a corporation, business association, 
partnership, society, trust, financial institu-tion, insurer, underwriter, guarantor, and any other business organization, any other nongovernmental entity, organization, or group, and any governmental entity oper-ating as a business enterprise; and 
(iii) any successor to any entity described 
in clause (ii). 
(B) A
PPLICATION TO GOVERNMENTAL ENTI -
TIES.—The term ‘‘person’’ does not include a 
government or governmental entity that is not operating as a business enterprise. 
(7) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘‘United States person’’ means— 
(A) a natural person who is a national of 
the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22))); or 
(B) a corporation or other legal entity 
which is organized under the laws of the United States, any State or territory there-of, or the District of Columbia, if natural persons described in subparagraph (A) own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 percent of the outstanding capital stock or other beneficial interest in such legal entity. 
SEC. 909. ELIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DE-
MAND EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON IMPORTATION OF GOODS MADE WITH CONVICT LABOR, FORCED LABOR, OR INDENTURED LABOR; RE-PORT. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DEMAND  
EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 307 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) is amended by striking ‘‘The provisions of this section’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the United States.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 15 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(b) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commis-sioner shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on compliance with section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) that includes the following: 
(1) The number of instances in which mer-
chandise was denied entry pursuant to that section during the 1-year period preceding the submission of the report. 
(2) A description of the merchandise denied 
entry pursuant to that section. 
(3) Such other information as the Commis-
sioner considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing compliance with that section. 
SEC. 910. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Fees may be charged under para-
graphs (9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 8, 2025, and end-ing on July 28, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-
tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘For the period’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—For the period’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) A DDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the period 
beginning on July 1, 2025, and ending on July 14, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SEC. 911. REPORT ON CERTAIN U.S. CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after entering into an agreement under a program specified in subsection (b), and an-nually thereafter until the termination of the program, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) A description of the development of the 
program. 
(2) A description of the type of entity with 
which U.S. Customs and Border Protection entered into the agreement and the amount that entity reimbursed U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement. 
(3) An identification of the type of port of 
entry to which the agreement relates and an assessment of how the agreement provides economic benefits at the port of entry. 
(4) A description of the services provided 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(5) The amount of fees collected under the 
agreement during that year. 
(6) A detailed accounting of how the fees 
collected under the agreement have been spent during that year. 
(7) A summary of any complaints or criti-
cism received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection during that year regarding the agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4321 June 12, 2015 
(8) An assessment of the compliance of the 
entity described in paragraph (2) with the terms of the agreement. 
(9) Recommendations with respect to how 
activities conducted pursuant to the agree-ment could function more effectively or bet-ter produce economic benefits. 
(10) A summary of the benefits to and chal-
lenges faced by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the entity described in para-graph (2) under the agreement. 
(b) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIED .—A program speci-
fied in this subsection is— 
(1) the program for entering into reimburs-
able fee agreements for the provision of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services es-tablished by section 560 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378); or 
(2) the pilot program authorizing U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to enter into partnerships with private sector and govern-ment entities at ports of entry established by section 559 of the Department of Home-land Security Appropriations Act, 2014 (divi-sion F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note). 
SEC. 912. AMENDMENTS TO BIPARTISAN CON-
GRESSIONAL TRADE PRIORITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015. 
(a) I MMIGRATION LAWS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—Section 102(a) of the Bipartisan 
Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) to ensure that trade agreements do 
not require changes to the immigration laws of the United States or obligate the United States to grant access or expand access to visas issued under section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)).’’. 
(b) G
LOBAL WARMING .—Section 102(a) of the 
Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, as amended by subsection (a) of this section, is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) to ensure that trade agreements do 
not require changes to U.S. law or obligate the United States with respect to global warming or climate change.’’. 
(c) F
ISHERIES NEGOTIATIONS .—Section 
102(b) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(22) F
ISHERIES NEGOTIATIONS .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products are to obtain competi-tive opportunities for United States exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish products in for-eign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish prod-ucts in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products, includ-ing by reducing or eliminating tariff and non-tariff barriers and eliminating subsidies that distort trade.’’. 
(d) A
CCREDITATION .—Section 104(c)(2)(C) of 
the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-
ities and Accountability Act of 2015 is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘In addition, the chairman and ranking members described in subpara-graphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) shall each be per-mitted to designate up to 3 personnel with proper security clearances to serve as dele-
gates to such negotiations.’’. 
(e) T
RAFFICKING IN PERSONS .—Section 
106(b)(6) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(i) I NVOKING EXCEPTION .—If the President 
submits to the appropriate congressional committees a letter stating that a country to which subparagraph (A) applies has taken concrete actions to implement the principal recommendations with respect to that coun-try in the most recent annual report on traf-ficking in persons, this paragraph shall not apply with respect to agreements with that country. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTENT OF LETTER ; PUBLIC AVAIL -
ABILITY .—A letter submitted under clause (i) 
with respect to a country shall— 
‘‘(I) include a description of the concrete 
actions that the country has taken to imple-ment the principal recommendations de-scribed in clause (i); and 
‘‘(II) be made available to the public. ‘‘(iii) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the 
term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(I) the Committee on Ways and Means 
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(II) the Committee on Finance and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate.’’; 
(f) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The Bipar-
tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015 is amended— 
(1) in section 105(b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘section 102(b)(16)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(17)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘section 102(b)(16)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(17)’’; and 
(2) in section 106(b)(5), by striking ‘‘section 
102(b)(15)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(16)(C)’’. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015. 
SEC. 913. CERTAIN INTEREST TO BE INCLUDED 
IN DISTRIBUTIONS UNDER CONTIN-UED DUMPING AND SUBSIDY OFF-SET ACT OF 2000. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Commissioner shall include in all distributions of collected antidumping and countervailing duties de-scribed in subsection (b) all interest earned on such duties, including— 
(1) interest accrued under section 778 of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677g), 
(2) interest accrued under section 505(d) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1505(d)), and 
(3) common-law equitable interest, and all 
interest under section 963 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (19 U.S.C. 580), awarded by a court against a surety’s late payment of antidumping or countervailing duties and interest described in paragraph (1) or (2), under its bond, 
which is, or was, realized through applica-
tion of any payment received on or after Oc-tober 1, 2014, by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under, or in connection with, any customs bond pursuant to a court order or judgment, or any settlement for any such bond. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTIONS DESCRIBED .—The dis-
tributions described in subsection (a) are all distributions made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act pursuant to sec-
tion 754 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c) (as such section was in effect on Feb-ruary 7, 2006) of collected antidumping and countervailing duties assessed on or after October 1, 2000, on entries made through Sep-tember 30, 2007. 
SEC. 914. REPORT ON COMPETITIVENESS OF U.S. 
RECREATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTERWEAR INDUSTRY. 
Not later than June 1, 2016, the United 
States International Trade Commission shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on the competitiveness of the United States recreational performance outwear in-dustry and its effects on the United States economy, including an assessment of duty structures on inputs as well as finished prod-ucts and global supply chains. 
SEC. 915. INCREASE IN PENALTY FOR FAILURE 
TO FILE RETURN OF TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6651(a) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$135’’ in the last sentence and in-serting ‘‘$205’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
6651(i) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$135’’ and inserting ‘‘$205’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be filed in calendar years after 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 305, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. 
T
IBERI ) and the gentleman from Michi-
gan (Mr. L EVIN) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, cur-rently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I include 
an exchange of letters between the committees of jurisdiction in the R
ECORD at this point. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, May 14, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN RYAN: I am writing to you 
concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 1907, the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade En-forcement Act of 2015.’’ The bill includes pro-visions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. 
I recognize and appreciate the desire to 
bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Home-land Security will forego consideration of this bill. The Committee takes this action 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4322 June 12, 2015 
with the mutual understanding that by fore-
going consideration of H.R. 1907 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. 
This waiver is also given with the under-
standing that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference that may be convened on this or any similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such a request. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding with re-spect to H.R. 1907, and ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Committee report on the bill as well as in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of this bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman , 
Committee on Homeland Security. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 14, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest in H.R. 1907, the Trade Facili-tation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and your willingness to forego consideration by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Homeland 
Security has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of the bill and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be ad-versely affected by your decision to forego consideration. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate ap-pointment of outside conferees from your committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of H.R. 1907. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN RYAN: Thank you for con-
sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee on H.R. 1907, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, which was re-ferred to us on April 21, 2015. 
I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee 
may be discharged from further action on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdic-tional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I also request your support for the appointment of House For-eign Affairs conferees during any House-Sen-ate conference on this legislation. 
I ask that you place our letters on H.R. 
1907 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation 
and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on Ways and Means as this measure moves through the legislative proc-ess. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter 
regarding the Foreign Affairs Committee’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 1907, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and your willingness to forego consider-ation by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of the bill and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be ad-versely affected by your decision to forego consideration. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate ap-pointment of outside conferees from your committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of the bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 13, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN RYAN: On April 23, 2015, 
the Committee on Ways and Means ordered H.R. 1907, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, to be reported fa-vorably to the House. I agree to discharge the Committee on Financial Services from further consideration of the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. 
The Committee takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1907 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. 
Finally, I would appreciate your response 
to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1907 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s re-port to accompany the legislation and/or in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration thereof. 
Sincerely, 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman. COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 14, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest in H.R. 1907, the Trade Facili-tation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and your willingness to forego consideration by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Financial 
Services has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of the bill and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be ad-versely affected by your decision to forego consideration. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate ap-pointment of outside conferees from your committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of H.R. 1907. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, May 13, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN RYAN, I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 1907, the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’ As a re-sult of your having consulted with us on pro-visions in H.R. 1907 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judi-ciary, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 1907 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also re-serves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you sup-port any such request. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 1907. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 13, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest in H.R. 1907, the Trade Facili-tation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and your willingness to forego consideration by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Judiciary 
has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.024 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4323 June 12, 2015 
provisions of the bill and that the Commit-
tee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely af-fected by your decision to forego consider-ation. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a con-ference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of H.R. 1907. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ). 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I thank the gen-
tleman from Ohio for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, have you ever had one 
of those moments where you are com-pelled to come running down here and come up to the mike because you are so enraged with the duplicity of some of the things you are hearing? 
Beyond the simple facts of the rhet-
oric, looking at the math of our trade surplus and deficits, the countries that we actually have trade agreements with, we have a surplus in manufac-tured goods; but let’s move beyond the basic math of growing our economy, the demographics issue we have in our country, and the need to have markets around the world. 
Some of the crazy things I am seeing 
put out in the media by Big Labor, the willingness to make up stories, to make up facts, Goebbels would be very proud of them. 
Having paid attention to Arizona 
during the NAFTA disputes and some of the crazy things that were said then, now, we look back, and it wasn’t true. NAFTA has been a net positive. All the scary things that were supposed to happen never happened. 
Be careful that we are not getting 
conned by made-up stories. This is good for America. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I want everybody to understand how 
these three bills are sequenced and how and why they were set up this way by the majority so people will understand our votes. 
The sequence is the first vote will be 
TAA; next, TPA; and next, Customs. The reason for TAA being first is to try to maximize the votes among Demo-crats for TPA. That is really why they were set up this way. Why is Customs last? It is because there are many Democrats who will vote for TPA—at least some, there aren’t that many per-haps—who don’t like the Customs bill. 
Everybody who is listening should 
understand the rationale for this se-quencing, and everybody should under-stand our reaction to the sequencing and what has happened here. 
The way this has evolved is this. For 
years, I have worked to try to build strong bipartisan support for trade agreements, and we often have suc-ceeded. With Peru, it was over 100 Democrats. We worked on Korea and got less, but the leadership and I voted 
for it because we worked together eventually for a truly bipartisan bill. 
This TPA bill doesn’t have that, and 
essentially, what has happened—in part, because of that—is that the lever-age has been lost by the administra-tion, to some extent, and on our side to resist items like in the Customs bill. That is really what is happening here. So this Customs bill has to go over to the Senate, but everybody should un-derstand the predicament that this places the administration and all of us in. 
For example, the language regarding 
Malaysia and human trafficking—or human trafficking generally. What this Customs bill does is to weaken the lan-guage that is in the Senate bill. This is on human trafficking, sex human traf-ficking. 
It also relates to workers. Hundreds 
of thousands of people—for example, in Malaysia, and other countries—essen-tially come to those countries. Often, their passports are taken. They have no rights. We say this should not hap-pen. Malaysia is in tier 3, and the origi-nal amendment said any country in tier 3 should not have the benefits of TPP. This weakens it and places this in—if it succeeds—in the TPA bill. 
Secondly, on climate change—we 
worked hard in the Peru FTA to incor-porate the May 10 agreement. We worked hard on worker rights, on envi-ronment, on medicines. Actually, be-cause the then-Administration would not negotiate it, Mr. R
ANGEL and I ne-
gotiated the United States-Peru Free Trade Agreement with the Peruvian Government. Let no one say I am not for expanded trade—or lots of other Democrats. It had an annex in it relat-ing to forestation and deforestation and illegal logging. Why? It is because the Amazon affects all of us, and it af-fects trade. 
Now, what we have is language 
which, if accepted here and then in the Senate, would essentially preclude that kind of an agreement. That is what happens when you don’t proceed on a truly bipartisan basis and there is no leverage for some of us. 
Let me also talk about currency. 
There is also a provision on immigra-tion which could have an impact in terms of the negotiation. I don’t know that there will be a provision. What I do know is that this amendment takes out the Schumer amendments on cur-rency. 
Let me just say a word. You have put 
some language into this bill on cur-
rency. It is like every other negoti-ating objective. It is not even Swiss cheese, with lots of holes. It is the weakest kind of cheese that has no real substance to it, except maybe a good taste, but this has a bad taste. 
Those negotiating objectives really 
are not meaningful; they are so vague, and it is the person who negotiates it who judges whether those vague nego-tiating objectives have been met. 
So you take out the Schumer amend-
ment. Now, what has been the impact of currency manipulation on jobs in 
the United States of America? This is one of the bases of the feeling of a lot of people in various communities, in-cluding the labor community, but way beyond—and our citizenry. 
Because of Japan’s manipulation of 
currency—and then China’s—we lost several million jobs. That is the re-ality. When people come here and say this bill of theirs, this TPA bill will help in terms of job creation, and they say, as was said many times in various places, these are jobs we have already lost, that is nonsense. 
There are more jobs in manufac-
turing and other places that could be lost that relate to the worker provi-sions in terms of Mexico, which com-petes with us, but it also relates to cur-rency manipulation. The President has now said that China is interested, and there will be no meaningful currency manipulation in TPP. Essentially, we are opening the door for more and more currency manipulation. 
This is the reason for the depth of 
our feeling about this TPA and these amendments that will make it even worse. Everybody listening should un-derstand the depth of the feeling from so many of us in and out of this place, every movement—whether labor, envi-ronmental, medicines, or whatever—to what is going on here. 
I think this Customs bill makes TPA 
even worse and essentially has tied the hands—because there is not a strong bipartisan basis—I think, of the Ad-ministration to really throw its weight around in terms of these amendments. I am afraid some of them are going to become law, and that should not hap-pen. 
I strongly urge strong opposition to 
this Customs bill, H.R. 644. It is one of the several reasons we should be voting ‘‘no’’ on the three votes that are com-ing before us. 
I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. R
YAN) will now control the 
time for the majority. 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. B
OEHNER ), the 
Speaker of the House. 
Mr. BOEHNER. Let me start by 
thanking the gentleman from Wis-consin for his leadership on the com-mittee and his leadership on this bill. I also want to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS  
and members of the Rules Committee for all of their work. 
I want to thank Mr. T
IBERI , the 
chairman of the Trade Subcommittee, for the tremendous job that he has done. I am grateful to all Members who have offered constructive contributions to this debate. 
My colleagues, we are not here today 
to debate any particular trade bill. The day for that may come, and when it does, we want to make sure that agree-ment reflects the people’s priorities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.026 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4324 June 12, 2015 
That means more jobs, higher pay, 
and more opportunities for workers, farmers, and small businesses. That is why we want to make sure that this agreement isn’t rushed and we want to make sure that there is no agreement that is in secret. We want to make sure—darn sure—that there is less au-thority for the President and more au-
thority for the people. 
That is what this bill does. It is a 
means to an end, and the end is more free trade that is good for our economy and good for our country, which brings me to another priority in this bill, and that is American leadership. 
When America leads, the world is 
safer, for freedom and for free enter-prise. When we don’t lead, we are al-lowing and essentially inviting China to go right on setting the rules of the world economy. What that does is keep our workers and our products on the sidelines. 
We are Americans, aren’t we? We are 
not people who stand still. We don’t give in to doubt and defeatism. This is one of those moments when we need to remember that this country is an idea. It is an idea of people who choose their own destiny and people who dare to be exceptional. 
b1200 
My colleagues, you will recall that 
the Prime Minister of Japan was here earlier this spring. And during his ad-dress, which was about the need for America to lead on trade, he talked about how this is an ‘‘awesome coun-try’’ because here, he said, ‘‘you just choose the best idea, no matter who it comes from.’’ 
Well, today, the best idea is to vote 
‘‘yes,’’ not for the President, not for ourselves, but for our kids and our grandkids. 
I know some Members of this body 
don’t like trade promotion authority, some don’t like Trade Adjustment As-sistance. But today I am here to vote for both because it is the right thing to do. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ). 
Mr. NORCROSS. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. I certainly appre-ciate it, and talking about these three bills, how they are linked together. 
But if we look at a couple of them, in 
particular, the trade adjustment is the equivalent of an execution, but you are getting to choose your last meal. But the end result is you are dead or, in this case, you are losing your job. 
I am an electrician with a tie. That is 
where I started my career. Day in and day out I heard those struggles. I can take you to my district and show you those empty buildings from the failed promises of a trade agreement. 
I joined this body on November 12, 
coming out of the worst economic times, and the first thing we are going to do is kick the American worker, kick him when he is down. 
We have empty plants, as I men-
tioned before. Trade adjustment helps you get a job for lower pay, less bene-
fits, less wages. They call it a trade bill for a reason. You are trading good jobs in here in America for trade jobs—— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. NORCROSS. They call it a trade 
bill because they are trading jobs. You lose your good job that has a pension, benefits, and a good wage that can take care of your children, for a job, after you go through the wringer, that pays less than half. 
Yeah, we might have more jobs, but 
they are at the bottom end. They are not the kind that would help raise that. 
So this body, if we worked as hard as 
we are on this bill for a transportation and infrastructure bill, those are jobs that are here today and are for our fu-ture and make our country stronger. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). 
Mr. MARINO. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, from the time of Ben 
Franklin, reliable and affordable uni-versal mail delivery service has been an essential commitment here in the United States, particularly to rural and low-income urban areas like my own. 
I am concerned when I hear my con-
stituents assert that our ongoing trade negotiations could undermine our Postal Service. TPA and trade negotia-tions must not undermine the U.S. Postal Service. 
I am also very concerned that contin-
ued dumped steel imports are hurting our steel manufacturers. This is a very important industry in my district. Even when we have antidumping duties to counter dumped imports, these du-ties are often evaded through various schemes, such as sending steel to an-other country to manufacture steel products, then send the finalized prod-uct to the United States. 
We must address these problems in 
this litigation for my support. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Reclaiming 
my time, I appreciate the gentleman’s concern about the impact of currently negotiated trade agreements on the U.S. Postal Service. 
The United States has consistently 
excluded government services, such as mail delivery, from its obligations in past agreements. It is my under-standing that the United States is con-tinuing to do so in the ongoing Trans- Pacific, EU, and Trade in Services ne-gotiations. 
In addition, TPA specifically directs 
that trade agreements take into ac-count legitimate U.S. domestic objec-tives, which has consistently included providing universal mail services. 
Our trade remedy laws are vital for 
countering unfairly priced and sub-sidized imports. That is also why I worked with the Steel Caucus here in the House, you being a member of that, 
to add to our enforcement bill a series of provisions that we call ‘‘Level the Playing Field’’ to strengthen those laws. 
Evasion of these laws is also a seri-
ous problem, which is why this enforce-ment bill contains extensive provisions to create new tools and authorities to both prevent and go after evasion. 
I thank the gentleman and appre-
ciate his leadership on these issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for 
the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. 
Mr. BARLETTA. I thank the chair-
man for helping me to improve this bill by including S
TEVE KING’s immigration 
prohibitions and strong tools to stop currency manipulation. 
We need to establish a process at 
Customs that will stop duty evasion, which hurts manufacturers in my dis-trict. 
You and I, Mr. Chairman, have 
talked about having Customs inves-tigate and decide duty-evasion cases subject to deadlines. Subjecting the de-cisionmaking process at Customs to re-view at the U.S. Court of International Trade will allow U.S. manufacturers hurt by duty evasion to finally get the relief that they deserve. 
Mr. Chairman, do you commit to 
working with me on achieving these goals in conference? 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Reclaiming 
my time, I commit to working with the gentleman to improve the bill in con-ference to level the playing field for American manufacturing and Amer-ican workers. And I also thank the gen-tleman for his leadership in ensuring that we fully enforce U.S. trade laws. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. B
ECERRA ), a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee, and the chair of our caucus. 
Mr. BECERRA. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Trade is pretty simple. We do it 
every day, whether you are trading in the old car for a newer car, or whether it is the largest economy in the world trading with the rest of the world. We do it every day. 
At the end of the day, what we want 
is a fair deal. I give you something; the benefit of the bargain is I get some-thing back. 
Any country that wants access to our 
markets needs to play by the rules. We can’t allow cheating to hurt our work-ers, their wages, our businesses, or our economy. 
And the American people get it. That 
is why they are so apprehensive about any trade deal this Congress puts be-fore it, because they want to know, will we lead on their behalf? Or are we going to let the special interests dic-tate the rules? 
Will we retreat from our responsi-
bility to make sure that if some for-eign company is going to have access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.033 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4325 June 12, 2015 
to our markets, they are going to play 
by the rules? 
When I take a look at this trade pro-
motion authority legislation, I ask my-self, how can you ever get a good trade deal out of this when the rules are rigged against America? 
One simple example. Everyone agrees 
we have had a bipartisan consensus in this House—more than 230 Members have signed on to a letter in the past saying, We have got to stop countries that manipulate their currency to try to make their products produced by their companies look cheaper than American products. 
Yet, this legislation would prohibit 
us from going after the countries that are cheating to prevent the companies in those countries from cheating. So how are we going to stop the compa-nies that we know are pirating, that 
are stealing, that are cheating against us, how are we ever going to stop them if the rules require us to go through those countries to try to get those companies to abide by the rules? 
When the country is cheating, I guar-
antee you, the companies are going to cheat. And that is not the way you get foreigners to access our market. 
We can do much better. We have to 
do much better because the American people want us to lead, not retreat. 
That is why we should vote this down 
and get a better deal that the Amer-ican people know and feel is the right thing for America. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the dis-
tinguished majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, American trade is crit-
ical to strengthening our economy and to giving American workers the com-petitive advantage that we need so we can go out and sell more of our goods all around the world. 
There aren’t many impediments for 
foreign countries to bring their prod-ucts into our countries and sell their goods here, but there are many, many impediments when we want to sell our products that we make, by American workers, to foreign countries, espe-cially in Asian countries and European countries. 
Those countries right now, our allies 
around the world, want to get good trade agreements, good level playing fields, so that we can have good nego-tiated trade back and forth and sell more of our products in those coun-tries. 
But right now China is writing the 
rules while America sits on the side-lines. We are not a country that sits on the sidelines, Mr. Speaker. 
This bill gets us in the game so 
America can go out and our workers can compete on a level playing field and we can sell more of our products overseas. 
But something else that this bill 
does, Mr. Speaker, is it actually gives Congress a direct say in the process, 
every step of the way. We lay out cri-teria, things that cannot be in trade deals, protections against immigration and global warming-type issues being included in these trade deals. 
But it also gives transparency, 
strong and enforceable rules so that any agreement that is reached would have to be available online, not just for us to read, as Members of Congress, but for the entire Nation to read for at least 60 days before there is even a vote in Congress. And then, of course, Con-gress would have the ultimate veto au-thority over a bad deal if it was sent. 
This bill is critical to getting Amer-
ica back in the game so our workers can be competitive. And when America competes on a level playing field, we win. 
Let’s go create those American jobs 
by passing this bill. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 17
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Wis-consin has 22
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I take spe-
cial pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, the 
vote today is why I came to Congress. I promised the working men and women in my district that I would fight to make sure that they had a seat at the table when we were making deci-sions that impact their life and their livelihood. 
We all know that we must grow our 
economy and we must compete in a global marketplace. We all know what great products the American worker builds, and that we can outcompete anybody in the world. But we cannot compete with the Bank of Japan and the Bank of China. 
NAFTA cost us 1 million jobs, and 
Michigan is still paying the price. The Korea Free Trade Agreement was a great deal for South Korea. They have expanded their imports into this coun-try by almost half a million products. And we have worked to just get 20,000 into that market. 
Enough is enough. Congress cannot 
abdicate its responsibility to the work-ing men and women of this country. It is our responsibility to protect our workers. Fast Track doesn’t allow this. We should not pass it. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I understand the importance of trade and the impact trade negotia-tions can have on our local economies, even back home in Illinois. 
Currently, 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs 
depend on exports, and 1 in 3 acres on all American farms are planted for hungry families overseas. 
As a Congressman, it is my job to 
make sure trade agreements protect American workers, farmers, manufac-
turers, innovators, and service pro-viders by opening markets around the world because, when given a fair play-ing field, I have the utmost confidence that American companies and indus-tries can outcompete foreign competi-tors. 
But too many times, past trade 
agreements have left our industries, es-pecially steel, vulnerable to unfair trading practices like dumping. 
I will continue to fight for stronger 
trade enforcement and be committed to protecting American jobs. 
I want to thank Chairman R
YANand 
Subcommittee Chairman T IBERI for 
their leadership on this issue. And I really want to thank my colleague from Illinois, Representative M
IKE 
BOST, for his tireless efforts to 
strengthen our trade remedy laws to protect American workers and more than 2,000 workers at our steel factory in Granite City, Illinois. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), a sen-
ior member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
b1215 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the distin-
guished chairman of the committee for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe all of us here 
in Congress can agree that evasion of antidumping and countervailing duties is a serious problem and needs to be ef-fectively addressed. That is why I rise in support of this bill, because I think it thoroughly and thoughtfully ad-dresses the issue. 
The seafood industry in Louisiana 
has been particularly hit by this, which prompted me to work with industry, the committee, and others in the ad-ministration to come up with a legisla-tive fix for the growing problem. 
Thankfully, the bill before us today 
contains language from my PROTECT Act, providing tools for Customs to help out our legitimate importers, dis-tributors, and trade-affected domestic industries to prevent and combat fraud at our border, not after the fact, which makes it much more difficult to deal with. 
Specifically, the language in this bill 
is dedicated to preventing and inves-tigating evasion. Within that unit, there will be a point of contact for pri-vate sector evasion allegations who will have the authority to direct these evasion investigations and the duty to inform interested parties. They have to inform the interested parties about the status of the investigations. 
We have also increased the types of 
data that Customs can use to target evading imports, and this language will increase information sharing between the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission to ef-fectively investigate evasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.035 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4326 June 12, 2015 
Finally, the bill sets specific require-
ments for Customs to adequately train its personnel involved in combating this. These are necessary improve-ments to stop fraud before it gets to our borders. 
I can tell you, I have gotten plenty of 
comments from folks back in my dis-trict. Kimberly Chauvin, who is the owner of Bluewater Shrimp Company in Dulac, Louisiana, said the language ‘‘creates provisions that we need. The Senate bill is a watered-down version. If we do not get B
OUSTANY ’s bill, the 
whole bill does us no good whatso-ever.’’ 
We need these tools. These tools are 
essential to effectively combat evasion. Evasion is too important a problem to remain unaddressed, and I think we are going to get to the best possible agree-ment on this when we go to conference with this bill. 
So I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this very important piece of legislation. Let’s move the ball for-ward. Let’s really strengthen our laws to combat evasion and get this job done. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of trade promotion authority, or TPA, and I would like to thank the gen-tleman from Wisconsin, P
AULRYAN, for 
his leadership on this issue. 
TPA, not to be confused with TPP, 
would put Congress in the driver’s seat when it comes to negotiating trade agreements. It would ensure the Presi-dent is held accountable to Congress and the American people in negotiating all trade deals. TPA, a public document which I have read and is available for the American people to read—in fact, it is right here—would require the Presi-dent to make public any free trade agreement before it comes to Congress for a vote. 
Trade is a vital part of our economy. 
One in five jobs is supported by trade, and 4.7 million jobs depend on trade in California. 
Right now, American companies can-
not compete on a level playing field. Trade barriers make it difficult for the U.S. to sell their goods to the 95 per-cent of consumers that live overseas. Free trade agreements would eliminate these barriers and put in place fair and strong rules for U.S. companies to com-pete and win. 
Furthermore, if Congress fails to pass 
TPA and set the rules of the global economy, China will. We simply cannot cede our role as the global leader in the 21st century. 
I urge my colleagues in the House 
and the American people to rally be-hind TPA. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ ), a mem-
ber of our committee. Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express both strong concern and guarded opti-mism about the customs bill before us today. 
I will be voting against the under-
lying bill before us today because of the drastic and unnecessary changes the bill makes to TPA provisions re-lated to human trafficking, currency manipulation, and immigration policy. However, I remain optimistic that the customs provisions in this bill can be-come as strong as the Senate bill dur-ing conference. 
Senators worked on a bipartisan 
basis to reach an agreement after near-ly a decade of negotiations on how we should be enforcing our trade laws. I am now hoping that House Republicans will be part of getting these provisions across the finish line. 
One of my biggest priorities for many 
years has been finding a way to combat the blatant abuse and duty evasion by some foreign producers that undercut American industry here. Foreign com-panies use schemes to avoid paying the duties they owe on goods that they im-port into the United States. That is why I have introduced and fought for the ENFORCE Act. For the first time, it finally feels like we are very close to getting this done. 
And to that end, I want to thank 
Representatives T
IBERI and B OUSTANY , 
along with Chairman R YAN, for several 
productive discussions on the best way to get this done in conference. I hope that we will be able to keep working on a bipartisan basis to get a final, bipar-tisan House customs bill. 
Giving up on the opportunity to give 
real teeth to our enforcement proce-dures would not only be harmful to our economy, but it sends a message to manufacturers, employers, and U.S. workers that this Congress doesn’t care about them. By increasing our customs security measures, we can ensure that American companies that play by the rules are not undercut by foreign com-petitors who cheat by evading duties on their goods. 
I urge my colleagues to work to im-
prove this bill by incorporating final language with some teeth. U.S. manu-facturers have waited long enough to have customs enforcement that works. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. At this 
time, I yield 1 minute to the distin-guished gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank Chairman 
RYAN for yielding, and I also thank 
him for his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I would point out three 
things: trade promotion authority needs to pass, TAA needs to pass, and the customs bill needs to pass. Those are the toggle switches that are set up. 
The negotiations with Chairman 
R
YANcould not have been better. I laid 
two issues out in front: one was my concern that the President would nego-tiate global warming and climate change; the other one was the strong things that go beyond rumors of the negotiation of immigration provisions 
into the future trade agreements that would be negotiated under a trade pro-motion authority. 
We addressed those issues. The lan-
guage in the customs bill is language that is tight. I have confidence in it. It says it shall not obligate the United States to grant access or expand access to visas issued under 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15). 
Mr. Speaker, this satisfies my con-
cerns, and I know that enforcement is a concern. But we are committed to standing together should that day come that we need to do that, and we are hopeful that and expect that the President, who we also anticipate will follow his commitment to sign this bill, will also abide by the provisions in it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the chair-
man. 
We expect the President to abide by 
the provisions in it. We will follow through on our part of this bargain, if not. And this Congress has an oppor-tunity to veto. 
So what a wonderful thing it is to go 
into a trade promotion authority cir-cumstance and know that for the next 6 to 9 years the U.S. Trade Representa-tive will not be negotiating global warming, will not be negotiating immi-gration. We preserve that for the United States Congress, as the Con-stitution directs. So that level of con-fidence lets us then focus on the trade agreements that are good for the eco-nomic growth of the United States of America. That is what is in front of us here today, and I am very grateful we have gotten to this point. 
I urge adoption of the customs bill. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a member of 
our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
am frustrated to be on the floor today unable to vote for H.R. 644. This bill should be about helping American busi-nesses export more, with greater effi-ciency, cutting red tape at the border, and enhancing our ability to hold for-eign tax cheats accountable. Instead, this bill cuts corners on what matters to America’s exporters and those un-dercut by bad actors abroad and gives special attention to the paranoia of the Republican caucus. 
The Senate passed a perfectly good, 
bipartisan customs bill which had a couple of strong provisions that I have authored in it. That legislation is not what we are considering. Instead, to-day’s bill contains ill-advised language on immigration, climate change. It shorts efforts to deal with human traf-ficking and currency, and it reverses longstanding American policy towards Israel and settlements. 
It is not so much the fact that there 
were these vote-buying tactics that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.036 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4327 June 12, 2015 
were used to lard this up with inappro-
priate items that’s concerning, because most will fall off in conference. I am frustrated that provisions that would strengthen the bill and get bipartisan support have been left out. 
The Green 301 provisions, to help 
American businesses working abroad who are put at a competitive disadvan-tage by operating at or above local en-vironmental laws while native compa-nies get a free pass when it comes to following what is on the books. It is not fair, and there should be an avenue of redress. The Green 301 would have done that. 
And no one benefits from a trade 
agreement which can’t be enforced. 
I had the STRONGER Act, a trade 
enforcement and capacity building pro-vision that I have offered up, that we have attempted to get through here. It 
is in the Senate bill—and should be in the House bill. 
I will be fighting in conference to 
make sure that these provisions— Green 301 and STRONGER—are pro-tected in the Senate, that we have a customs bill that is worthy of support and some of the goofy stuff gets stripped away. 
I will vote for TPA, but I am really 
frustrated that we don’t have a cus-toms bill that we all can support. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield myself such time as I may consume to engage in a col-loquy with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ). 
Mr. TURNER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, despite a longstanding 
U.S. policy against the use of offset agreements, many foreign governments continue to insist on using offset agreements, which clearly distort trade, are an unfair trade practice, and result in lost opportunities for Amer-ican workers. 
Offset agreements and military sales 
contracts are add-on provisions that require U.S. companies to reinvest in foreign companies through the pur-chase of additional goods and services, technology transfer, foreign-based sub-contractor mandates, and other similar activities. 
Chairman R
YAN, under TPA, how will 
the Federal Government curb a foreign country’s use of military offsets? 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I thank my 
friend for his question. 
I agree that offset agreements distort 
fair trade. Under TPA, Congress will establish negotiating objectives for the President to seek more open market access for U.S. companies in the reduc-tion, elimination, or prevention of trade distortion and localization bar-riers. Thus, these provisions will direct the President to seek to curb our nego-tiating partners’ insistence on the use of offset agreements. 
Mr. TURNER. I thank the gentleman 
for his response, and I look forward to working with him on this important issue. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, many 
this morning have said TPA will pro-tect American jobs. In Rhode Island, my home State, we know that is not true. TPA will facilitate another bad trade deal that will result in more American jobs being shipped overseas. 
Those who think this trade deal is 
good should come to Rhode Island and meet with the men and women who still can’t find work after decades of a bad trade deal just like this one. 
I have listened to former jewelry and 
textile workers who worked in the once bustling mills in Woonsocket, Paw-tucket, and Providence, who don’t un-derstand why Congress is considering another trade bill that will eliminate more American jobs. 
My State lost over 40,000 jobs after 
NAFTA, mostly in manufacturing. 
Haven’t we seen the devastating im-
pact of bad trade deals? Haven’t we learned our lesson, that a trade deal that fails to address currency manipu-lation, that doesn’t include enforceable provisions on the environment and on labor is a bad deal for American work-ers? 
Of course we need to compete in a 
global economy. Of course we need to grow our economy. But we need to do it in a way that protects American jobs and protects American workers. We need fair trade, not just free trade. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST), a 
member of the Steel Caucus, a Member who has been very passionate on the issue of leveling the playing field. 
Mr. BOST. I thank the gentleman 
from Wisconsin for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, American workers can 
compete when everyone is on the same playing field and has the same rules. 
While opening new markets in the 
U.S., products are important. We must have effective laws that protect compa-nies and their workers from foreign companies who cheat. This includes na-tions that illegally dump into our mar-kets. 
Under our current trade laws, Amer-
ican companies like U.S. Steel in southern Illinois must suffer long-term harm before remedies take effect. You know, that is like waiting until the house burns to the ground before you call the fire department. It doesn’t make sense. 
That is why I am pleased that we are 
voting on the Enforcement bill today, which includes language that my friend from Illinois, Congressman R
ODNEY  
DAVIS, and I introduced to combat 
these illegal trade practices. This legis-lation speeds up the process and helps companies like U.S. Steel respond to il-legal dumping before it causes serious harm to the company and its workers. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
today’s bill, and we can protect our businesses and our workers from unfair trade. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M ESSER ), 
a member of our leadership team, the Policy Committee director. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise in support of trade promotion au-thority because I am a conservative who believes trade creates jobs and op-portunity. 
In my district, farmers grow corn and 
soybeans and sell them all over the world. Factory workers, like my mom, build faucets, cars, forklifts, and cas-kets and sell them all over the world. 
b1230 
Trade allows that to happen. When 
the American worker gets a chance to compete on a level playing field, we win. That is why we need trade agree-ments. 
The truth is, under the policies of 
this administration, paychecks are shrinking. For many workers, there is more month than money as they strug-gle to pay their bills. Killing this legis-lation does nothing to help those work-ers. In fact, it would only make their situation worse. 
Trade-related jobs pay better. And 
when 95 percent of the Earth’s popu-lation lives outside the United States, we can’t afford to pull up the draw-bridges and shut out the rest of the world. That is not smart policy, and it won’t help the American worker. 
Let’s grow our economy. Let’s secure 
good-paying jobs. And let’s make sure the American worker leads this cen-tury just like we did the last. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the distinguished House 
majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, before 
I move forward, I want to thank the gentleman. He has shown true leader-ship in working, and working with ev-erybody, in this House. Any time you take up a large piece of legislation, there are concerns. I have never seen another Member of this House sit with more meaning, more concerns, and try to find a solution, and I thank the chairman for that work. 
Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, when I 
was headed home to California from D.C. one weekend, I saw something very troubling, but something actually today we can solve for the future. You see, it was February, and there was a labor dispute. There was a shutdown on our ports on the West Coast. So as the plane descended, instead of seeing the beaches stretched throughout Cali-fornia or the Santa Monica mountains, my attention was drawn to the number of ships sitting idle in the ocean and the number of ships that were just sit-ting in the port. You see, the docks were shut down and our economy was halted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.038 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4328 June 12, 2015 
When Americans cannot have their 
products moved to willing buyers, the men and women who are part of the creation do not receive the rewards of their efforts. And in California, we can-not afford to waste any of our re-sources, especially what we have a short supply of—water. So when the trade was shut down, the food that was produced throughout the Central Val-ley would just rot on the docks. 
But what was most interesting to me, 
Mr. Speaker, I remember a phone call I got just another weekend after. It was the president of the Republican fresh-man class here. He had just done a town hall, and he is from Colorado. He said: Mr. Leader, I have got a big issue in Colorado. The ports of the West Coast are shut down. You see, my small businesses are hurt by that. They are hurt when we are not able to have trade. 
I remember a big bipartisan press 
conference we had, Republicans and Democrats alike, the largest one I have ever been a part of in the press room, talking about the ports being shut down, because every single one of their districts were affected, especially the small businesses. 
When we cannot trade, our economy 
suffers and our way of life suffers. In fact, during that same period of this crippling shutdown, our economy actu-ally shrank. 
Today, what we are talking about on 
the floor is trade promotion authority. It allows us to get to an agreement. You know, we have not had it for a few years. 
So what has happened around the 
world while the rest of America sat idle? There have been 100 trade agree-ments; 100 trade agreements around the world that we would want more of our small businesses to be a part of. You know how many we were a part of during that time? Zero, because we did not have TPA. 
You know, trade is the difference be-
tween rotting produce on the harbor docks and sending California goods around the world. Trade is the dif-ference between the lines of prosperity and the lines of stagnation. 
We have a unique opportunity today. 
It is not a trade agreement. It is an op-portunity. It is an opportunity that will empower each and every Member of this floor to have input, to have transparency, but what is more impor-tant, to empower every single Amer-ican to make sure they are now at the table, that when there is the next trade agreement between countries who want to engage, America won’t be left out, America can lead once more. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER). 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this bill. All the trade agreements since NAFTA have been sold on the same propaganda, that they will increase our exports and jobs, yet the results have always been the same: they have multiplied our imports, ballooned our trade deficits, hemor-
rhaged our jobs, and depressed our wages. 
Now we are asked to vote for a fast- 
track agreement that will say we can-not amend any trade agreements, only vote them up or down, even if they, like their predecessors, lack any means of protecting our workers from com-petition with workers who are paid 30 cents an hour and are assassinated if they try to form a union. 
We know there will be a provision for 
private corporate tribunals that can in-validate and render unenforceable American laws and regulations. It is our constitutional duty to regulate for-eign commerce and trade agreements, not take them on a take-it-or-leave-it basis from the executive branch. It is our constitutional duty to protect the American sovereignty against foreign companies invalidating our laws through private corporate tribunals. 
We must vote ‘‘no’’ on fast track to 
allow Congress to do its job to see that the next trade agreement doesn’t hem-orrhage our jobs, doesn’t ignore cur-rency manipulation, and doesn’t invali-date our consumer, labor, and environ-mental laws. We must say ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, we are in the midst of an impas-sioned debate on trade promotion au-thority, trade adjustment assistance, and trade enforcement. We are hearing arguments from our colleagues on both sides of this issue, from both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to serve as the voice of my constituents from south Florida, who directly see the impact of these free trade agree-ments every single day. 
The United States currently has 20 
free trade agreements, 11 of which are with countries in South and Central America. Miami is often called the gateway to the Americas, and I am proud to represent a diverse and proud community that has seen the positive impact of free trade. Workers in south Florida create goods and services that are used throughout the world, some-thing that is only made possible with free trade agreements. 
Congress must pass TPA so the 
United States can open up new mar-kets. Since 2007, there have been over 100 agreements signed on a global scale while our country has sat idly by. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I want the American people’s rep-resentatives to have a strong hand in negotiating future free trade agree-ments, and this TPA bill ensures this will happen. It provides unprecedented amounts of time for the agreements to be read and ensures proper safeguards are in place for Congress, not the Presi-dent, to drive the agenda on the nego-tiations. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ 
vote on TAA, TPA, and trade enforce-ment. If anyone has any doubts as to whether TPA is good for our country, I encourage you to visit south Florida. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ), who I think has 
lost his voice. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I am not going to speak long as I have lost my voice. 
If we pass fast track, the American 
workers will lose their voice. This is wrong. The President has said that so-cial mobility and income inequality are the issues of our time. If I really believed that anything we are voting on here would do anything to address that, I would sincerely be voting ‘‘yes,’’ but it doesn’t. 
After 20 years of NAFTA and CAFTA 
and every sort of trade agreement, we have not seen our middle class benefit. Let’s finally use this time to rebuild the American middle class and stand up for our workers. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. C ONNOLLY ), a Mem-
ber from the other side of the aisle. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, to-
day’s vote is about America’s future. Who will shape it? It is not shaped by a recitation of grievance. It is not shaped by making trade a symbol of all that we find bad in economic progress. It is by seizing that future and shaping it, and that is what TPA does. It pries open foreign markets. It sets American rules setting. It allows us to frame the issues in 40 percent of the world’s trade and economic activity. 
We have never had an opportunity as 
important as this one to shape the global economy to our advantage and to those of our trading partners. We must not lose this opportunity. 
The grievances are legitimate, the 
concerns and fears are legitimate, but we must look beyond them. We must address the future for future genera-tions of American workers. I support the bill in front of us and urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
Again, I thank Mr. R
YANfor his cour-
tesy. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time do we have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 10 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Wis-consin has 9
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield for the purpose of 
a unanimous consent request to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN). 
(Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHERMAN. I insert in the 
R
ECORD a chart showing that we have a 
$100 billion trade deficit with our FTA countries. Those are the official statis-tics of the U.S. International Trade Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.040 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4329 June 12, 2015 
PUBLIC CITIZEN , 
Washington, DC, February 2015. 
JOB-KILLING TRADE DEFICITS SURGE UNDER  
FTA S: U.S. T RADE DEFICITS GROW MORE 
THAN 425% W ITHFTA C OUNTRIES , BUTDE-
CLINE 11% W ITHNON-FTA C OUNTRIES  
The aggregate U.S. goods trade deficit with 
Free Trade Agreement (FTA) partners is more than five times as high as before the deals went into effect, while the aggregate trade deficit with non-FTA countries has ac-
tually fallen. The key differences are soaring imports into the United States from FTA partners and lower growth in U.S. exports to those nations than to non-FTA nations. 
Growth of U.S. exports to FTA partners has been 20 percent lower than U.S. export growth to the rest of the world over the last decade (annual average growth of 5.3 percent to non-FTA nations vs. 4.3 percent to FTA nations from 2004 to 2014). 
The aggregate U.S. trade deficit with FTA 
partners has increased by about $144 billion, or 427 percent, since the FTAs were imple-mented. In contrast, the aggregate trade def-icit with all non-FTA countries has de-creased by about $95 billion, or 11 percent, since 2006 (the median entry date of existing FTAs). Using the Obama administration’s 
net exports-to-jobs ratio, the FTA trade def-icit surge implies the loss of about 780,000 U.S. jobs. The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) contributed the most to the widening FTA deficit—under NAFTA, the U.S. trade deficit with Canada has ballooned and a U.S. trade surplus with Mex-
ico has turned into a nearly $100 billion def-icit. More recent deals have produced similar results. Under the 2012 Korea FTA, the U.S. template for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the U.S. trade deficit with Korea has already surged 72 percent. 
FTA partner Entry date Pre-FTA trade bal-
ance 2014 Balance Change in bal-
ance since FTA 
Israel * ........................................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 1985 ($1. 0) ($15.2) ($14.2) 
Canada ......................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 1989 (23.9 ) (82.4) (58.5) 
Mexico ......................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 1994 2.6 (99.8) (102.3) 
Jordan ......................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 2001 0.3  0.6 0.3 
Chile .......................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 2004 (2 .0) 5.8 7.8 
Singapore ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2004 0.8 10 .2 9.4 
Australia ...................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2005 7.4 13.6 6.2 
Bahrain ........................................................................................................................ ..................................................................................................................... 2006 (0.1)  0.1 0.2 
El Salvador .................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2006 (0.2) 0.7 0.9 
Guatemala ...................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 2006 (0.6) 1 .5 2.1 
Honduras ....................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2006 (0.7) 1.2 1.9 
Morocco ........................................................................................................................ ..................................................................................................................... 2006 0.1 1 .0 1.0 
Nicaragua ...................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2006 (0.7) (2.2) (1.5) 
Dominican Republic ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 2007 0.6 2.8 2.2 
Costa Rica ..................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 2009 1.2 (3. 2) (4.4) 
Oman ........................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2009 0.6 0.9 0.4 
Peru ........................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 2009 (0 .2) 2.9 3.0 
Korea .......................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 2012 (15 .4) (26.6) (11.2) 
Colombia ....................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2012 (10.0)  (1.2) 11.2 
Panama ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2012 7.8 9. 4 1.6 
FTA TOTAL: ..................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... ..................... ......... ($33.7) ($177.5) ($143.9) 
Non-FTA TOTAL: ................................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... [2006] ($829.3) ($734.2)  $95.1 
FTA Deficit Increase: 427% Non-FTA Deficit Decrease: 11% 
Source: U.S. International Trade Commission. Units: billions of 2014 dollars. (*Measured since 1989 due to data availability) 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E LLI-
SON). 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, Mem-
bers, trade adjustment assistance should not be a sweetener, a trade-in coin. Trade adjustment assistance should be what we do no matter what. It shouldn’t pave the way for trade pro-motion authority. 
It is important and good to stand 
with dislocated workers who basically are pushed off their jobs because of bad trade deals, which we have been pur-suing for 40 years. Yet here we are today, told that we have got to vote for this trade adjustment authority, which does not include public sector workers, which is smaller than it should be. We have got to support it because—and the only reason we are here to support it, the only reason we have been lobbied by no less than the President and three top Cabinet officials, is because they know it paves the way to trade pro-motion authority, which is what they really want so that, literally, Members give up our constitutional duty. 
Where are my constitutional conserv-
atives when you need them? 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE). 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I come 
from Flint, Michigan. Flint, Michigan, was the birthplace of General Motors, a 
place that put the world on wheels. In the last couple of decades, it has seen 90 percent of our manufacturing jobs go away. Now, true, not all of them were lost because of bad trade deals, but many of them were. And bad trade 
deals have exacerbated that job loss and have ruined many parts of that community. 
I support, as virtually all of us do, 
expanded trade as a way of growing the U.S. economy. I am a member of the President’s Export Council. This is something we have to do. But this TPA is not a ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ question on whether we should expand trade. This TPA is flawed. It fails to address the most significant trade barriers hurting American manufacturers. It fails to ad-dress currency manipulation by our trading partners. And if we don’t ad-dress the most significant barrier, how can we expect any trade deal to have the effect? All we have to do is look at the performance of past deals that have had similar flaws and we can see why we have failed. 
If we are going to engage in expanded 
trade, we have to do it right, in a way that deals with currency, that deals with labor obligations, that deals with environmental obligations. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
b1245 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I continue to reserve the balance of my time 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ). 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, today’s 
vote to grant the President trade pro-motion authority is about America’s future in a globalized world. 
Let’s be clear what is at stake. Amer-
ica’s standing as a global leader has not come without strong leadership 
from this body, and it will not be sus-tained if we act out of fear rather than on facts. The most basic fact is that nations around the world are fighting for trade agreements for every advan-tage they can get for their economies and their workers. 
It then raises the question: If we 
don’t pass this agreement, who will set the standards of trade? Will it be us, or will it be China? If this bill fails, it will be China. 
The bill before us today is a bipar-
tisan effort to ensure that trade deals negotiated by the Executive will be guided by congressional directives to reach the highest, most transparent, 
and progressive standards ever required by law. 
This bill should have the support of 
any Member who cares about the en-forceable labor and environmental standards, promoting the rule of law, greater congressional oversight, and greater transparency for the American people. 
Today, we are also considering Trade 
Adjustment Assistance, a program that for years Democrats have promoted to provide income and job training for those affected. TAA should pass also. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has 9
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Michi-gan has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.030 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4330 June 12, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), chairman of 
the Trade Subcommittee and member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman and thank him for his leadership, credible leadership, on this debate, about American leadership, quite frankly. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we are here to 
debate three bills today: trade assist-ance for displaced workers, trade pro-motional and accountability authority that inserts Congress into the Presi-dent’s ability under the Constitution to negotiate a trade agreement with anybody he or she wants, and then fi-nally customs and enforcement. 
Enforcement is critical, ladies and 
gentlemen. It is a bill I am so thrilled and honored to have had the oppor-tunity to introduce here in the House. This is a key bill as part of trade. Far too long, we haven’t had as good of en-forcement, quite frankly, as we need to have, and I am committed to that. 
Now, let me just mention one thing— 
trade deficits, trade surpluses. We have 20 countries that we have agreements with, trade agreements with, 20 of them. Two of them happen to be on our borders, Mexico and Canada. 
You take out energy that we import 
from them—and I would rather import it from them than anywhere else in the world—we have a trade surplus with those 20 countries, a surplus in manu-facturing. 
My dad was in manufacturing. I al-
ready told you before—and Mr. L
EVIN 
has heard this 1,000 times, I think; he is probably tired of hearing it—my dad lost his job of 25 years, and I lost my health care as a kid in the household, along with my sisters, long before NAFTA. 
Globalization began occurring, as Dr. 
B
OUSTANY said, after World War II. We 
can either engage or disengage. When we disengage, we lose. When America engages, we win. We can outwork any-body. 
What trade agreements do actually is 
break down barriers so we can com-pete, and then we have to have the en-forcement piece. Ladies and gentlemen, that is what this is about. It is about breaking down barriers. 
My State of Ohio has been devastated 
by globalization. My dad’s job before NAFTA was devastated by globalization. Forty-eight countries in Asia have had trade agreements with each other. For the last 10 years, we are party to two. The world is passing us by. We are being left behind. We can compete if we break down barriers. That is what we need to do today. 
Trade assistance—insert Congress 
into the President’s ability to nego-tiate because he already has that abil-ity. This doesn’t change that. This in-serts us. This inserts slow track. With that agreement, whatever that agree-ment is, in Asia, in Europe, 60 days in public before the President can sign it, 60 days. I wish I had 6 hours—6 hours—to re-
view the Affordable Care Act before I had to vote on it. This is 60 days where Members will have an ability to look at what was negotiated. If we don’t like it, we will vote it down. We have the constitutional authority to do that. 
This is about jobs. Vote all three 
bills ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of American workers, American manufacturing, and the environment and in strong opposi-tion to TPA. 
TPA is woefully inadequate when it 
comes to stopping currency manipula-tion, enforcing labor standards, and protecting American consumer and en-vironmental protections. This is ex-actly the wrong time for Congress to be giving up its authority, which is our constituents’ ability to have a voice on trade deals. 
This is not labor versus business. 
Lapham-Hickey Steel, Independence Tube, and countless other manufactur-ers across my district oppose this. Ford Motor opposes this because they know past trade agreements sold as economic boons have been a bust, and they are gravely concerned about how the mas-sive TPP enabled by this TPA will kill more Americans jobs. We need fair trade and American workers will win, but that is not what they are being given. 
It is time for Congress to stand up for 
the middle class and American manu-facturing and stop passing bad trade deals. Vote ‘‘no’’ on TPA. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN). 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
This reminds me of the song: Are you 
going to believe me or your lying eyes? When you come from areas of the coun-try that some of us represent, you see what has happened with these trade deals. 
Adelphi factory in Warren, Ohio, had 
13,000 workers. NAFTA passed; they moved over the border and ship their products back to the United States. We will be lucky if there are even 2,000 workers there. An auto plant had 16,000 workers, General Motors. Now, they are down to 3,000–4,000 because of the trade agreements. 
The chairman talked about currency 
manipulation. We have countries ship-ping products to the United States; their final product lands on our shores, and it is the same cost as the raw ma-terials for the American company. That is not free trade. That is not fair trade. That is a raw deal for the com-panies in the United States and the American workers. 
Let’s even say that these trade agree-
ments are good for the economy, as many people may believe. You still need immigration reform; you still 
need a transportation bill; you still need investments in research, in bio-sciences, and renewable energy. 
I can’t believe that some of us are 
voting for this and not getting any of those other things implemented. No, no, no. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED), 
a Member of the House Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman for yielding. 
I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in strong 
support of trade. It is time for us to lead. When you open up markets to our manufacturers, to our workers, you are creating jobs here on American soil. 
I am a firm believer in U.S. manufac-
turing, Mr. Speaker. I co-chair with my colleague from Ohio the Manufacturing Caucus here, and what we are seeing is a renaissance in U.S. manufacturing. We are finally driving utility costs down. We are creating an opportunity where U.S. manufacturers are coming back on shore. 
What do we need to do? We need to 
create markets. Ninety-five percent of the world’s population lives outside of America’s borders. Forty percent of the world’s market is represented in the negotiations that are going on with the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
Why in the world would we not lead 
and negotiate an openness and fair level playing field for our American workers and our American manufactur-ers? It doesn’t make any sense. 
I ask my colleagues to join us, join 
with us, to open up these markets so 
that we can create the jobs of today and tomorrow where we make it here to sell it there. That is what this is doing. That is what trade is all about. When we have rules-based trade, our workers and our manufacturers win. 
I encourage us not to get into these 
petty political fights and have some type of litmus test as to who is on whose side in regards to this issue. Stand with the American workers; stand with the American manufactur-ers; open up those world markets to our rules-based system, and I would agree, at the end of the day, we all win, and America will win. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ), as I understand he 
hasn’t been able to get time from his side. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I am for opportunity for everyone and fairness for everyone, including American companies and American workers. 
Since leaving my career in the auto-
motive industry, I often run into folks that I used to know from the industry, except now they work at CVS or they work at the TSA. They say: Mr. C
LAW-
SON, any chance the plant is going to 
open back up? I am having a hard time making ends meet. I am having a hard time paying for my kid’s college edu-cation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.044 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4331 June 12, 2015 
I, unfortunately, can’t give them 
much hope. If those plants close be-cause of lack of American competitive-ness, I can swallow hard, and I can ac-cept it; but when those plants close be-cause of currency manipulations, which is an afterthought today, then I don’t accept it, and my sadness for this unemployment turns to hardness, which is where I am today. 
This is not about American competi-
tiveness; this is about getting a chance for world-class manufacturing facili-ties who eliminate jobs. 
I say currency manipulation, no way. 
I say TPA, no way. I say vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire as to how many speakers are left on the other side? 
Mr. LEVIN. We have one, and I will 
close. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the distinguished 
chairman of the House Rules Com-mittee, the coauthor of the TPA bill. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the young chairman from Wisconsin for his hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, before we pass TPA 
today, the law is that the President of the United States can go negotiate whatever he wants without negotiation with the Congress and just go do it and come and plop it on our doorstep. 
I disagree with that, and that is why 
we are doing TPA, trade promotion au-thority, where the House of Represent-atives maintains its constitutional pre-rogatives and is empowering through TPA any President, whoever the Presi-dent is, for the next 7 years to go nego-tiate in some 150 parameters as they negotiate. 
We maintain our sovereignty in this 
bill, including additions that we say the President cannot go negotiate—a new global warming trade bill, climate change, he cannot go negotiate any-thing new on immigration; it goes on and on and on—steel, and other things. 
We are giving the President our au-
thority and expecting him to negotiate therein. This is a good deal for the American worker. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my real pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our leader. 
b1300 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, today, we 
have a very important decision to make in this Congress. 
I join with the Speaker in acknowl-
edging the hard work that so many have put in on this important subject. 
I want to thank the President of the 
United States and his administration for being available with their Cabinet officers and the rest to explain to us how they see what is in the TPA—let me call it ‘‘fast track’’ so we separate this out—and what the prospects are now for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
I want to thank our friends in labor, 
environmental groups, and faith-based groups who have expressed their oppo-sition to so much of what has been pre-
sented, all of which will be construc-tive as we try to move forward with a better trade promotion act—fast track. Not so fast fast track. 
We all understand that we live in a 
global economy. Some of us, as I do, represent cities that are built on trade, the city of San Francisco, and I grew up in a city where the famous clipper ships brought product to and from our shores in Baltimore, Maryland. It is a great and exciting prospect to expand markets for our products and having U.S. global leadership. 
I was hopeful from the start of all of 
this discussion that we could find a path to ‘‘yes’’ for the fast-track legisla-tion that was being put forth. There were some bumps in the road along the way and some potholes along the way— unfortunately, I think, sinkholes as well—but that doesn’t mean that that road cannot be repaired. I just believe that it must be lengthened. 
Each week, each of us goes home to 
our districts, and in the case of many of us, we put our hands on a very hot stove. We hear the concerns of so many families who have financial instability and uncertainty. Some of it is still springing from 2008 when they were threatened with the loss of their homes, their jobs, and their pensions, when they were living on their savings, with the inability to send their kids to college—all of it undermining the American Dream. As the economy has improved under the leadership of Presi-dent Obama, still, middle class eco-nomics have not fully turned around the country, because the consumer confidence that people must have in order to invest, to spend, to inject de-mand into the economy is simply not there. 
So my concern about all of this, it is 
about time. Why are we fast-tracking trade and slow-walking the highway bill? It is about time. Again, people have not recovered from 2008 suffi-ciently to have the consumer con-fidence to turn around our consumer economy. I think, today, we have an opportunity to slow down. We all know we want to engage in trade promotion and the rest of that, but we have to slow down. With whatever the deal is with other countries, we want a better deal for America’s workers. 
Another element of time that I am 
concerned about is the time that is running out for us to rein in the con-sequences of climate change. I want to just talk about myself for a moment, and I am bragging. I hold myself sec-ond to none in this body on the subject of protecting the environment and rec-ognizing the challenges of climate cri-sis. 
When I first came to the Congress, 
President George Herbert Walker Bush was President, and he signed my legis-lation, which is now called the Pelosi Amendment to the International De-velopment and Finance Act of 1989. It said that any of our directors with any of our multilateral development banks had to have an environmental assess-
ment made—and made known—to the indigenous people who were affected by whatever development was there and made known to the world. The connec-tion between the environment and commerce is inseparable, and for over 25 years, the Pelosi Amendment has been in effect. 
When I became Speaker, my flagship 
issue was energy independence and cli-mate, so I speak from some authority on this subject. The son of George Her-bert Walker Bush, President George W. Bush, signed the energy bill of 2007. We worked together to find alternatives to fossil fuels. He wanted nuclear, and I wanted renewables. We had a very suc-cessful energy bill of 2007, done under the auspices of the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming that I established as Speaker, which has been abolished since then. 
Pope Francis, in another week, will 
be announcing his initiative on cli-mate. While this is all going on—while schoolchildren know that this is a challenge that we must face to protect our planet, while people of faith join us and say, ‘‘This is God’s creation, and we have a moral responsibility to be good stewards of it’’—in this bill today, which is the customs bill that is on the floor right now, it prohibits the USTR from negotiating on climate change. How could it be? Twenty-five years ago, the Pelosi Amendment was passed because we saw melting snow in re-gions, and areas as big as the United Kingdom were burning in the Amazon. This is 25 years later, and we are put-ting in the bill that the USTR cannot negotiate on climate change. You can-not separate commerce and the envi-ronment. 
I salute the President. He has been 
magnificent and courageous in going out there and taking up the fight for America’s leadership on climate change. He has been great. He has an agreement with China, which almost could not have been foreseen except for his leadership and the cooperation be-tween our two countries. So it is not that he isn’t doing his part. It is Con-gress. Again, it is about time, slowing down our responses when we should be proactive, yet fast-tracking legislation to do that. 
What is interesting is, we in the 
House, are we labeling ourselves the ‘‘lower body’’ and giving new meaning to that term when the Senate could have opportunity for amendment after amendment if their colleagues gave them the votes? In this House, we fast- track the fast track with no chance to amend any of it. Just vote it up or down. I find that unnecessary, unac-ceptable, and one place we could go to have a discussion on how to improve the fast-track legislation. At the same time, the Republican majority is allow-ing in the customs bill amendments to the fast-track bill, this amendment on climate, other amendments on immi-gration, and they were spelled out by Mr. S
ESSIONS earlier and with great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.045 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4332 June 12, 2015 
pride—amendments to the fast track in 
the customs bill but no amendments for Democrats. Again, I don’t see how this Congress can ignore that. I don’t see how this trade agreement can ig-nore it. 
Much has been said about security 
issues that are involved in this agree-ment and that we have to make a geo-political case for this trade agreement. Of course, we always have the safety of the American people as our first re-sponsibility. Their security is what we come here to protect. Yet how could it be that we are allowing—again, let me say it another way because I am being very prayerful about this. Pope Paul VI said—I mentioned Francis earlier—if you want peace, work for justice, eco-nomic justice. I don’t see this hap-pening in this fast-track bill, or the lifting up of people in the rest of the world or having trade agreements that increase the paycheck of America’s workers. That should be our first order of business—environmental justice, looking at these prohibitions on deal-ing with climate in 11 other countries in the world and then our own. 
I commend the President because, in 
the fast-track bill, there are some good provisions, issues, on the environment. I am talking about an ethic, a responsi-bility, a comprehensive view of the fu-ture. Again, the Pelosi Amendment ad-dressed the indigenous people, all of these people, who will be not of the first, shall we say, priority for many of these countries as they make their eco-nomic decisions. 
On the subject of security, last year, 
16 former three- and four-star generals and admirals who served on the CNA Corporation’s Military Advisory Board released a report, and 16 former three- and four-star generals said that cli-mate change is a catalyst for conflict. Climate change, they said, will have an impact on military readiness, strain base resilience both at home and abroad, and it may limit our ability to respond to future demands. 
We have rejected fast track before. 
After NAFTA, President Clinton sent a fast-track bill to the Congress, and it didn’t even have enough votes to be taken up. The second time, it was re-jected. When we had a majority in the House, we did not have fast track for President Bush. So, when people say this is the first time, it isn’t so. In-stead, under the leadership of Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. R ANGEL , we had the May 
10 agreement with the basic principles of how we should engage other coun-tries. That is part of—and thank you, Mr. President—what the TPA has as its goals, but we were dealing bilaterally, one country at a time. This is a multi-lateral agreement with 11 other coun-tries—12 countries and growing—and we need to slow this fast track down. I think it is possible. 
One of the questions that arises is 
the question of the trade adjustment assistance. Most of us have not only voted for this but have been champions of it over time. In speaking about my-self again, it was one of the first issues 
I dealt with when I came to the Con-gress. It is really important, but as some of my colleagues have said, our people would rather have a job than trade adjustment assistance. I talked about that red-hot stove that people put their hands on when they go home. Mr. C
ICILLINE talked about his district, 
Mr. N ORCROSS about his, Mr. B OYLE  
about his, and the list goes on and on. How do we say to these people, ‘‘We are here for you; you are our top priority’’ when the impression that they have is that this is not a good deal for them? But it can be. I am hopeful that it can be. So, while I am a big supporter of TAA, if TAA slows down the fast track, I am prepared to vote against TAA be-cause, then, its defeat, sad to say, is the only way that we will be able to slow down the fast track. 
Now, I understand there will be some 
manipulations here one way or another as to what bill comes first and what can come up and what can’t, but the facts are these, actually: if TAA fails, the fast track bill is stopped. They may take up the vote, as they said they would not, but they have changed. They may take up the vote, but it doesn’t go anyplace. It is stuck in the station. And for that reason, because the Senate has sent us the bill that way, connected—and if the fast track passes, we will need TAA—sadly, I would vote against the TAA, and I just wanted you to know where I was com-ing from on that. 
For these and other reasons, I will be 
voting today to slow down the fast track in order to get a better deal for the American people—bigger pay-checks, better infrastructure. Help the American people fulfill the American Dream. 
Again, I thank Mr. L
EVIN for his lead-
ership, and I thank all of our col-leagues who have worked so hard on this, really, on both sides of the issue. 
b1315 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. How much 
time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has 3
1⁄2minutes 
remaining, and the gentleman from Michigan has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Given that I 
have the right to close, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am ready 
to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Today the votes on TAA and TPA are 
combined, and we did not do that. The Republicans did so to win votes for TPA, so they used TAA as a bargaining chip. I don’t support their doing so, as someone who has been a lead sponsor of TAA. Voting ‘‘no’’ on TAA gives us a better chance to get all of these issues right. 
Throughout my career, I have voted 
on lots of trade agreements, and I have voted for most of them. I negotiated a few of them when USTR would not do so. As mentioned, we Democrats are re-sponsible for the labor and environ-
mental standards and, very impor-tantly, access to medicines that we worked out with difficulty also on May 10. So we Democrats built the founda-tion, and we don’t want to see it erod-ed. Language in bills isn’t enough; it is what will happen in terms of the imple-mentation of that language. 
I want to say just a few words about 
jobs, because it is often said we have lost those jobs, they have gone away, so, therefore, don’t worry. There are millions of jobs in this country that are in danger of being lost if we don’t do trade right. That is why we need to do it right. I think TPA essentially puts TPP on a fast track when it is on the wrong track. It is on the wrong track. There are negotiating objec-tives, but they are so vague, they don’t really mean anything. 
We put forth a very, very important 
alternative, a substitute bill that laid out instructions on each of these 10 or 11 issues, whether it was workers’ rights—I can go down the list—cur-rency, environment, investment, access to medicines, automotive market ac-cess, rules of origin, tobacco controls, state-owned enterprises, agricultural market access, food safety. There has been a response to none of these. 
So as someone who believes in ex-
panded trade, we have to do better, and to fast-track TPA is on the wrong track. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on all of these bills. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I make two points. This is about 
bringing transparency and account-ability to government. We are not con-sidering a trade agreement today. We are considering a process by which we consider trade agreements. That is what trade promotion authority is. In this process, we are saying you have got to let Members of Congress see the negotiating text, you have got to let the country see a trade agreement once an agreement is reached, and you have got to follow Congress’ rules, Congress’ direction. That is what this does to make sure that the executive branch follows the track laid out by the legis-lative branch. The bigger point is this: this is about jobs; it is about income, take-home pay, American leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, the world is watching 
us right now. They are watching this vote. Since TPA lapsed in 2007, the rest of the world kept going. While America stood still on trade, the rest of the world created 100 trade agreements, ne-gotiated and passed 100 trade agree-ments, to which the United States was a party to zero of them. What this means is other countries are going around the world getting better agree-ments between other countries, lower tariffs, lower nontariff barriers, so their trade grows, and as a result the barriers against American products go higher. 
Ninety-five percent of the world’s 
consumers don’t live here; they live in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.047 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4333 June 12, 2015 
other countries. If we want good jobs 
and good wages, we need to make and grow more things in America and sell them overseas. What is happening is, every single day we do nothing to open these markets up, we lose, and the rest of the world gets those jobs. 
The last point is a point that I think 
people don’t appreciate as well. We are in the dawn of the 21st century with enormous issues: cyber threats, intel-lectual property, you name it. The rule book on how the global economy works is being written right now. The only way for us to be in the game to write that rule book is through trade agree-ments: get other countries to agree to our rules, get other countries to agree to our standards, open their markets to our products. That is how we write the rules for the global economy. That is how America leads. 
A ‘‘no’’ vote is to say America can’t 
even try. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is to say more transparency, more accountability. Then Congress decides, and we are giv-ing America a chance to stay in the leading position in the world. That is why I argue for a ‘‘yes,’’ ‘‘yes,’’ ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I want to thank everyone on the staff of the 
Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee. 
Our staff director, Angela Ellard, Geoff 
Antell, Stephen Claeys, Nasim, Neena Shenai, Casey Higgins, Paul Guaglianone. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in strong opposition to fast track author-ity and the Trade Act of 2015. Passage of this legislation today will undermine Congress’s constitutional authority to regulate trade and, I fear, accelerate the de-industrialization of our great country. 
The Constitution is very clear that it is Con-
gress, and Congress alone, that has the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign na-tions.’’ Passage of fast track, which grants the Executive Branch authority over how and when legislation must be considered by Con-gress, undermines our chamber’s very ability to effectively regulate foreign commerce. 
I share the concerns of many Members and 
middle class families in Texas and around the country about the Trans-Pacific Partnership— TPP—this mega-trade deal we are negotiating with Japan, Vietnam, and other countries. 
To this date, Congress has been left in the 
dark as to what’s in TPP, let alone made pub-lic to the American people. We are told that TPP will help American businesses export bil-lions of dollars of manufactured and services each year and has labor and environmental protections that all countries will have to abide by. But we simply don’t know because we haven’t seen the text. 
What I do know is that these so-called free 
trade deals have displaced millions of middle class jobs to developing countries over the past 20 years. 
Our district in Houston and Harris County, 
Texas saw first-hand the consequences of free trade when five plants moved to Mexico in the years immediately after we joined NAFTA. 
If TPP benefits the American people as 
much its supporters say, it doesn’t need fast track. It can—and should—be considered under regular order and give Congress and 
the American people the time to debate the merits of this trade agreement, the largest our country has ever negotiated. 
Mr. Speaker, I call on Members from both 
sides of the aisle to stand with America’s working families and small businesses and to vote no on fast track. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, 
further consideration of the motion to concur with an amendment is post-poned. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations will now resume. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 305, the pre-vious question is ordered. 
The question of adoption of the mo-
tion is divided. The first portion of the divided question is on concurring in section 212 of the Senate amendment. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 305, 
the first portion of the divided question is adopted. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 305, 
the second portion of the divided ques-tion is: Will the House concur in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment? 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the second portion of the divided question will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the remaining por-tion of the divided question, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 126, noes 302, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 361] 
AYES—126 
Aderholt 
Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Calvert 
Carney Clyburn Coffman Cole Comstock Connolly Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Dent 
Dold Donovan Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Himes 
Hoyer Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Israel 
Issa Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Luetkemeyer Marino McCarthy McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meehan Meeks 
Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Murphy (PA) Nunes O’Rourke Paulsen Perlmutter Peters Pitts Polis Price (NC) Quigley Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Royce Ryan (WI) Scalise 
Schrader Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Whitfield Wilson (SC) Young (IA) 
NOES—302 
Abraham 
Adams Aguilar 
Allen Amash Babin Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boehner Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Conyers Cook Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Olson Palazzo Pallone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.048 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4334 June 12, 2015 
Palmer 
Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walorski Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Amodei Carson (IN) LaMalfa 
Speier Thompson (CA) 
Vargas 
b1347 
Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. CRAMER, 
RENACCI, GIBBS, CARTER of Texas, BOEHNER, BUCSHON, HARPER, JEN-KINS of West Virginia, CHABOT, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. PITTENGER, BUTTERFIELD, RUSH, and DENHAM changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. M
CKINLEY changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the second portion of the divided 
question was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 361, had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
361 I was unavoidably detained in office meet-ing on the legislation and the roll was closed upon entrance to the House floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M
CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
for the purpose of an announcement. 
Members are advised that we are pro-
ceeding to votes on the remaining two motions. I would advise the Members that the world is watching, and I en-courage every Member of the House to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ). Without objection, 5-minute 
voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 305, the third portion of the divided question is: Will the House concur in the matter pre-ceding title II of the Senate amend-ment? 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 219, noes 211, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 362] 
AYES—219 
Abraham 
Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Boehner Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Comstock Conaway Connolly Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Paulsen Peters Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zinke 
NOES—211 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conyers Cook Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi 
Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Rohrabacher Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—4 
Amodei 
Speier Thompson (CA) 
Vargas 
b1354 
So the third portion of the divided 
question was adopted. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider this portion 
of the divided question was laid on the table. 
MOTION TO RECONSIDER OFFERED BY MR . 
BOEHNER  
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Boehner moves that the House recon-
sider the vote on the question of concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to reconsider offered by the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, could the 
Clerk read what the motion is? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The vote 
is on the question to reconsider the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.020 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4335 June 12, 2015 
motion just made by the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
The Clerk will re-report the motion. The Clerk re-read the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on the preceding question will be postponed. 
f 
AMERICA GIVES MORE ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the motion to concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend and expand the charitable deduc-tion for contributions of food inven-tory, will now resume. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 305, the pre-vious question is ordered. 
The question is on the motion offered 
by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the motion may be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 190, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 363] 
AYES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul 
McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—190 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—4 
Amodei 
Speier Thompson (CA) 
Vargas 
b1414 
Messrs. BURGESS and ROHR-
ABACHER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the motion to concur was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I wish the 
record to reflect that I would have voted to op-pose the following items on the House floor today: 1) Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1314—Trade Act of 2015 (Trade Adjustment Assistance Provision); 2) Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1314—Trade Act of 2015 (Trade Pro-motion Authority Provision); 3) Motion to Con-cur in the Senate Amendments with an Amendment to H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, 
JUNE 12, 2015, TO MONDAY, JUNE 15, 2015 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, June 15, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.055 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4336 June 12, 2015 
THANK THE COMMITTEE ON WAYS 
AND MEANS STAFF 
(Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I simply want to thank the incredible hard work of our staff. In particular, I would like to single out Angela Ellard, our chief trade counsel and staff direc-tor of the Ways and Means trade staff; Stephen Claeys, our trade counsel; Geoffrey Antell, our trade counsel; Neena Shenai, our trade counsel; Nasim Deylami, our trade counsel; Casey Higgins, our trade counsel; and Paul Guaglianone, our legislative as-sistant. 
If it weren’t for the late nights, hard 
work of our hard-working, dedicated staff that go all too often unrecognized around here, this effort would not have been possible. I just want to say from the bottom of my heart how appre-ciative I am for their dedication and hard work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF BURNEY 
STARKS 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
pay tribute to the life of Burney Starks, a man who was beloved by many in southern Arizona and who re-cently, suddenly passed away. 
Burney dedicated his life to service 
as an Army veteran, a school coun-selor, and drop-out prevention spe-cialist for the Tucson Unified School District. He played football for the University of Arizona and graduated from the U of A with honors. 
Southern Arizonans will remember 
his incredible singing voice, his love for Motown and karaoke, and his ac-tive involvement in the community. He was a lead organizer for the Juneteenth Festival, and he was involved in many local organizations, including the Tuc-son Boys Choir, Tucson MLK Celebra-tion Committee, and the Warrior Alumni Foundation. 
He had a passion for helping others 
succeed and a unique gift for bringing out their best. I had the distinct pleas-ure of seeing Burney a few weeks ago on Memorial Day before he died. He was as lighthearted and dynamic as ever. 
His smile and laughter will be missed 
by many, but no doubt his spirit will live on through the countless lives he touched during his life. 
f 
DETERMINING A PATH FORWARD 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
over the last couple of hours, we had the opportunity to discuss some impor-tant issues that, as they were framed, 
many Americans might not under-stand. They are called trade issues or trade legislation to discuss the inter-actions between the United States and its future world trading partners. 
No vote here should be maligned. 
When I stand here to emphasize that whatever the ultimate results are, if these bills do not generate into actual jobs for our local districts, then we have all failed. 
That is the question for this Congress 
and that is the question for those who are working so intently and for those of us who raise the question whether jobs are created. And we will only move forward if we can determine a pathway of a structure that actually addresses the question of documented jobs, nonlost jobs or substituting jobs 
for the American people. 
Trade, yes, it is business. But it is 
also the business of the American peo-ple and the constituents of the 18th Congressional District in areas like Fifth Ward and southeast and South Park and Acres Home and Independ-ence Heights. It is a question of wheth-er or not jobs are created. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to that 
answer being answered as ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
NATIONAL GUARDSMAN FLORICH 
BURIAL AT ARLINGTON NA-TIONAL CEMETERY 
(Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, every once in a while, this place works. Recently, we had a Na-tional Guardsman, Sergeant Florich, who perished along with a number of U.S. marines in the Gulf of Mexico as their Black Hawk went down. 
The Secretary of the Army is granted 
the authority to grant exemptions to allow these heroes to be buried in Ar-lington National Cemetery. Unfortu-nately, the initial decision by the Army was to reject Sergeant Florich’s burial request and that of his family. He was a fourth-generation Armed Forces military man serving our coun-try. 
Just today, Secretary McHugh re-
versed that decision. Along with the support of 120 Members of this body, on both the Republican and Democrat side, they all came together and asked the Secretary to review the decision. 
I want to thank the Members of this 
House, Republican and Democrat, Members that I want to ask that you all continue to keep the Florich family in your prayers as his wife is about to deliver their new child. 
Thanks again to the Members, Mr. 
Speaker. 
f 
MARITIME NATIONAL HERITAGE 
ACT 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to mark the end of Capitol Hill Ocean Week. 
In my region, the Pacific Ocean was 
and is central to Native American com-munities. It also gave rise to a proud maritime tradition along our coast. Entire industries sprang up and, for generations, folks have made a good living as fishermen, boat builders, dock workers, and servicemembers. 
The Pacific is a place teaming with a 
diverse life that we ought to protect for future generations. If we want to protect our natural resources for our children, it is time to cherish our past and protect our future. 
With that in mind, I will soon intro-
duce the Maritime National Heritage Act. This legislation would designate the first and only heritage area in the country focused on maritime heritage. It would give Washington State greater access to resources to protect light-houses, vessels, and other landmarks that contribute to the history and who we are in Washington State. 
This bill is a good way to remind 
folks what our oceans mean to us and why they are so vital. 
f 
TO EXTEND THE AUTHORIZATION 
TO CARRY OUT THE REPLACE-MENT OF THE EXISTING MED-ICAL CENTER OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS IN DENVER, COLORADO 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 1568) to ex-tend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical cen-ter, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia). Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the right to object, although I don’t object. 
I just want to thank my friend from 
Colorado, the authorizing committee, and the appropriators for providing some time through the end of the fiscal year. It gives the Army Corps of Engi-neers, the VA, and the contractor an opportunity to continue construction of our big VA Medical Center in Colo-rado. We still have a long-term solu-tion that has to be resolved, but this gives everybody some breathing room to get that done. 
With that, I withdraw my reserva-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.057 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4337 June 12, 2015 
S. 1568 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION FOR 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT PREVIOUSLY AUTHOR-IZED. 
Section 2(a) of the Construction Authoriza-
tion and Choice Improvement Act (Public Law 114–19) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘in fiscal year 2015,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$900,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,050,000,000’’. 
SEC. 2. LIMITED, ONE-TIME AUTHORITY TO 
TRANSFER SPECIFIC AMOUNTS TO CARRY OUT MAJOR MEDICAL FACIL-ITY PROJECT IN DENVER, COLO-RADO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the unobligated bal-
ances of amounts available to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2015, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may trans-fer amounts from the appropriations ac-counts under the following headings, in the amounts and from the activities specified, to the appropriations account under the head-ing ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’: 
(1) ‘‘Medical Services’’, $6,494,000 to be de-
rived from amounts available for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(2) ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, 
$1,611,000 to be derived from amounts avail-able for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(3) ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, $80,735,000 to be 
derived from amounts available for green en-ergy projects of the Department. 
(4) ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’, 
$60,000 to be derived from amounts available for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(5) ‘‘General Administration’’, $1,130,000 to 
be derived from amounts available for the Office of the Secretary. 
(6) ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans 
Benefits Administration’’, $670,000 to be de-rived from amounts available for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(7) ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, 
$240,000 to be derived from amounts available for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(8) ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, 
$3,000,000 to be derived from amounts avail-able for minor construction projects at the staff offices of the Department. 
(b) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS AVAILABLE IN  
FUNDS .— 
(1) R EVOLVING SUPPLY FUND .—Of the unob-
ligated balances of amounts available in the revolving supply fund of the Department under section 8121 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary may transfer $20,030,000 to the appropriations account under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’. 
(2) F
RANCHISE FUND .—Of the unobligated 
balances of amounts available in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Franchise Fund es-tablished in title I of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Independent Agencies Appro-priations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–204; 31 U.S.C. 501 note), the Secretary may transfer $36,030,000 to the appropriations account under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’. 
(c) U
SE OF AMOUNTS AND AVAILABILITY .— 
The amounts transferred under subsections (a) and (b) shall— 
(1) be used only to carry out the major 
medical facility construction project in Den-ver, Colorado, specified in section 2 of the Construction Authorization and Choice Im-provement Act (Public Law 114–19); and 
(2) remain available until September 30, 
2016. 
The bill was ordered to be read a 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider 
was laid on the table. 
f 
TRADE 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
stand before you today on behalf of the Michigan 14th District, which includes the great city of Detroit, to make clear my strong opposition to TPP and TAA. 
As a native of Detroit and a longtime 
public servant, I have seen firsthand the devastating impact of global trade agreements like NAFTA. I will always fight for our businesses and manufac-turing so that they can remain com-petitive globally, but never at the ex-pense of hard-working Americans. 
The TAA is underfunded by $125 mil-
lion. The TAA also excluded public sec-tor workers, which is unacceptable. Passage of TPP and TAA will only in-crease the risk of loss of American jobs. 
I greatly appreciate the help the TAA 
provides to workers who have lost their jobs in trade in Michigan and the live-lihoods of nearly 500,000. This is why I want to be on the record why my vote was a ‘‘no.’’ 
I will never accept cuts to these 
training programs. I will never agree to leave any hard-working Americans un-covered. 
f 
b1430 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, trade 
promotion authority has passed the House on a pretty good bipartisan basis here. This will give the United States the tools it needs to send a message around the world that we are going to be competitive and we are going to be serious about trade. 
It also gives the Congress very im-
portant tools to adhere to the prin-ciples that we in this House believe are important to hold the USTR and the White House accountable with all of our principles together for what is good for the country. 
When we have huge tariffs on some of 
the products we try and export around the world, it makes it noncompetitive. This will send, again, a very strong sig-nal the U.S. is ready to compete; it is not going to be pushed around on trade, and TPA will be a good tool to do that. 
However, it is not TPP, which we 
haven’t had much input on lately, and is very difficult to get at. People need to understand, there is a strong dif-ference between TPA, that authoriza-tion, and TPP, which is still not fin-ished, still not negotiated, and is some-thing that is a complete separate ques-tion from TPA, which I think was a re-sponsible measure we got done here today. We need to clear up the misconcep-
tions on what is happening and the good measures we in this House did today in order to have America and more jobs be able to come home and stay in the U.S. because of better trade policy. 
f 
800TH ANNIVERSARY OF MAGNA 
CARTA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of 
the majority leader. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, 
June 15, we will celebrate the 800th an-niversary of Magna Carta, a document that revolutionized the world and is the foundation for the freedoms that so many take for granted today. 
It is impossible to overstate the sig-
nificance of that day at Runnymede in 1215 when King John of England de-clared that everyone, including the King, was subject to the rule of law; and as a result, constitutional govern-ment was born. 
Magna Carta is Latin for ‘‘great 
charter,’’ and it was so named because of the document’s protracted length. Only later, did the world realize how visionary the name truly is. 
Most of the 63 clauses granted by 
King John dealt with specific griev-ances of a group of barons relating to his rule, but that framework for the re-lationship between the King and his subjects initiated the concept of free-dom under law. 
Clause 1 states: 
First, that we have granted to God, and by 
his present charter have confirmed for us and our heirs in perpetuity, that the English Church shall be free, and shall have its rights undiminished, and its liberties unimpaired. That we wish this so to be ob-served, appears from the fact that of our own free will, before the outbreak of the present dispute between us and our barons, we grant-ed and confirmed by charter the freedom of the Church’s elections—a right reckoned to be of the greatest necessity and importance to it—and caused this to be confirmed by Pope Innocent III. This freedom we shall ob-serve ourselves, and desire to be observed in good faith by our heirs in perpetuity. 
To all free men of our kingdom we have 
also granted, for us and our heirs forever, all the liberties written out below, to have and to keep for them and their heirs, of us and our heirs. 
Clause 12 reads: 
No scutage or aid will be levied in our 
kingdom without its general consent. 
Clause 13 says: 
The city of London shall enjoy all its an-
cient liberties and free customs, both by land and by water. We also will and grant that all other cities, boroughs, towns, and ports shall enjoy all their liberties and free customs. 
Clause 38 reads: 
In future no official shall place a man on 
trial upon his own unsupported statement, without producing credible witnesses to the truth of it. 
Finally, clause 39 states: 
No free man shall be seized or imprisoned, 
or stripped of his rights or possessions, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.036 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4338 June 12, 2015 
outlawed or exiled, or deprived of his stand-
ing in any way, nor will we proceed with force against him, or send others to do so, except by the lawful judgment of his equals or by the law of the land. 
Let me repeat those last few words, 
Mr. Speaker, ‘‘the law of the land.’’ In those words, we see the idea that the law does not come from any individual person or government. To quote Daniel Hannan, who wrote a wonderful essay on the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta for The Wall Street Journal last month: ‘‘It is immanent in the land itself, the common inheritance of the people living there.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the language may sound 
a little stilted, and folks may think, goodness, that doesn’t sound like some-thing we would say today, but it is so important for us to understand the di-rect link between Magna Carta and the Revolution that occurred in this coun-try in 1776. 
Although Magna Carta failed to re-
solve the conflict between King John and his barons, it was reissued several times after his death. Again, Magna Carta’s legacy is particularly evident in the documents that form the basis of our government, the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights. 
At the National Archives, visitors to 
Washington have the opportunity to view one of four surviving originals of the 1297 Magna Carta alongside the re-markable documents it inspired. When visitors come here to the House, I often point out to them on the walls the pro-files of the ancient lawgivers. Pope In-nocent III is one of those ancient law-givers shown here in the House. 
Again, we can see directly, in many 
cases, how our Constitution and our Bill of Rights are derived from Magna Carta and also from the Bible, that we can see those direct connections. 
Today, I would like to acknowledge 
the debt of gratitude we owe to those rebel barons with grievances against their King, and I am reminded that we must always be attentive to the free-dom we have inherited. 
Ronald Reagan said famously: 
Freedom is not in our genes. It is only a 
generation away from being lost. It is some-thing we have to cherish. 
Also, Mr. Speaker, with freedom 
comes opportunity and responsibility, and I want to say how grateful I am for the opportunity I have had to serve in the House of Representatives along with my colleagues. 
I often tell, particularly school-
children, when I talk to them about this country and the radical idea that it represents, that I am a person who grew up in a house with no electricity and no running water, extraordinarily poor, and with parents with no privi-lege, no exalted status in our country. 
As I said, with the freedom that we 
have comes opportunity. We on our side of the aisle—and I know many of my colleagues, or most of my col-leagues, on the other side of the aisle— want to see that opportunity that has been made available to those of us who currently serve, many of whom come 
from no privilege, to be able to hold onto that opportunity. 
To do that, Mr. Speaker, we have to 
hold on to freedom. We are the freest country in the world, and that, the rule of law, and our capitalistic system are those things that make us such a great country. 
I want to express again my apprecia-
tion to those rebel barons and to all the people who came after them who kept the idea of Magna Carta alive to the time when we could develop our Constitution and Bill of Rights and to the present time when we fight so hard to maintain those principles. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ROBERTA 
GIANFORTONI 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
UIZ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today, it is 
my honor to recognize and congratu-late Roberta Gianfortoni, assistant dean for professional education at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, as she retires after 26 years of service. 
Assistant Dean Gianfortoni has been 
an inspirational leader and adviser in the School of Public Health for more than 4,000 graduates, including myself. Her guidance and mentorship during my time at Harvard opened my eyes to new issues and innovative solutions, inspiring me to think outside the box to address our public health challenges. 
The students she mentored have gone 
on to become doctors, professors, na-tional and international leaders, and advocates all working to improve pub-lic health conditions right here at home and across the globe. Her con-tributions to our Nation’s public health will last for generations. 
I cherish my time and the lessons I 
learned from Assistant Dean Gianfortoni. After 26 years of service, I congratulate her on her retirement. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b1445 
THE POWER OF TRADE 
PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it 
seems so often in this body we tend not to learn from mistakes. We passed a bill—I guess part of a bill—that the Senate sent, referred to as the TPA, but it is all about a trade agreement that will provide a structure in which the President can negotiate and dock other agreements into it. Since the 
TAA did not pass, then it can’t, appar-ently, go directly to conference unless we pass an amendment to allow it to go to conference or find some other way to effectuate a conference on agree-ment. Mr. Speaker, I can only surmise that, since the Speaker, himself, moved to reconsider, then there is something afoot in order to keep it from dying, as it should have, since both the TPA and the TAA did not pass. 
The TPA, I read it. It has got some 
good aspects to it, but it is not, in and of itself, free trade. As a judge in a dis-trict court—our highest level trial court in Texas—so many times, I would be the fact finder without a jury. So 
often, you would sit and listen to the evidence, and you would wonder why someone would take the action he did. There has got to be some motivating factor. You consider all of the possi-bilities. 
We had a very rare visit from Presi-
dent Obama to the Capitol, trying to push people to vote for the TPA—this trade agreement—and the TAA. It was great to see him come out to the Con-gressional Baseball Game last night. It is not something he does regularly. So, Mr. Speaker, I am left to wonder. I mean, we have not seen this President push this hard on very many bills over the last 6
1⁄2years, and I am left won-
dering: Why would President Obama push so hard to pass this trade agree-ment structure that allows him to ne-gotiate so many deals with so many different countries? 
One possibility is he did it because he 
knew that Speaker B
OEHNER was push-
ing to pass it, and it is possible that he really wanted to make Speaker B
OEH-
NERand M ITCH MCCONNELL , the leader 
down in the Senate, look good. That is a possibility. I don’t think it is terribly probable. In weighing all of the evi-dence, it would seem to me that it is far more probable that the TPA will give this President far more power to fundamentally transform America in his remaining year and a half or so as President. That is what it appears to be to me. 
Now, one of our Republicans speak-
ing, whom I have tremendous respect and admiration for, commented that we are not a nation that sits on the sidelines. I agree that that used to be true, but we have basically sat on the sidelines as Christians and Jews are being persecuted and killed around the world in greater numbers than ever be-fore. We have sat on the sidelines in Ni-geria as precious little African girls are kidnapped and brutally, sexually assaulted day after day, month after month. 
Then we see an article. According to 
the article, actually, this administra-tion communicated to Nigeria that, if they will change their laws to provide for same-sex marriage and possibly for abortions to be paid for, then the United States would not continue to sit on the sidelines, that we would ac-tually help them stop radical Islamists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.061 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4339 June 12, 2015 
Of course, they didn’t use the term 
‘‘radical Islamists,’’ but that is what they are. They would stop them, the radical Islamists, from continuing to kill and persecute Christians the way they are doing in Nigeria. 
I have talked to some folks who have 
been on a recent trip to eastern Africa and who have met and even prayed with leaders in east Africa. I was going to be on the trip, but, apparently, the Speaker feels, if you oppose him, then you are not allowed to travel, that those rewards are saved for people who vote as he tells them to. I will tell you what: if that is the price of speaking truth to power, it is still a great coun-try. 
The people who went on that trip in-
dicated that leaders in eastern Africa had indicated that the United States administration, the Obama administra-tion, was telling them, in essence, what the article said happened in Nigeria, which is that, if you will change your laws to allow for same-sex marriage, though it is totally against their spir-itual beliefs as Christians or as Mus-lims, then we would help them with things like radical Islam, but, other-wise, we are not going to help them. 
So I appreciate hearing a Republican 
say the United States is not a nation that sits on the sidelines, but this ad-ministration does. It sits on the side-lines and uses power to fundamentally transform this country and other coun-tries. We have seen that. 
I see my very dear friend from Ken-
tucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) here on the floor, 
and I would like to yield to him for his comments and thoughts. 
Mr. MASSIE. I appreciate the gen-
tleman from Texas for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, we had a vote on the 
TPA here, and I just wanted to take some time to explain, and I think my colleague from Texas probably feels the same way. I am for trade. I think trade is good. I am not against trade, but, today, I voted against the trade promotion authority, which would fast track the TPP. I just wanted to take a second to explain why I was compelled to vote against this legislation today. 
First of all, like my colleague, I have 
read the TPP. I have been down to the confidential room. It is a very thick document, and there are two bound volumes, and there is a binder that goes with it as sort of a guide. What struck me the most about this TPP document is the enormity of it. My staff isn’t even allowed to read the doc-ument. We are not allowed to have ac-cess to the Internet while we are in there when we are looking at the docu-ment. We are not allowed to take notes from the room, and this document ref-erences other bound documents. 
So how could I possibly—one person, 
by myself in a confidential room—un-derstand what some of the unintended consequences of this trade agreement would be if I can’t understand the doc-ument and if I am not allowed the re-sources to fully analyze this document? I want there to be more daylight on this document before we put it on a 
path to approval. 
The other reason I voted ‘‘no’’ today 
was the implication of ceding our au-thority to the World Trade Organiza-tion, which struck me this week when we voted to overturn our country of or-igin labeling on beef and pork. Now, whether you think we should require companies to label beef and pork when they bring them into this country from another country—whether that is a good thing or whether that is a bad thing—that doesn’t matter. What dis-turbs me is that the reason for writing this law this week was the World Trade Organization told us we had to. They said we have got to do that. We swore an oath to the Constitution, not to the World Trade Organization. My concern is that this trade agreement could bind us to things that we don’t even under-stand yet because, surely, some trade agreement years ago has caused us this week to change our food labeling laws. 
The third and final reason I voted 
against the TPA today—and this may be the best reason, in fact—is that my constituents don’t like it. I have re-ceived 30 phone calls a day for the past week against this. I might have re-ceived 1 or 2 all week saying to vote for it. We didn’t get a chip implanted in our brains when we came to Congress that makes us smarter than all of our constituents. I think it is important to be humble, to know that we don’t al-ways have the right answer. We don’t really have a whole lot more informa-tion than our constituents have in this case. I think that their concern that they expressed to me, like of the Presi-dent getting too much authority and that this President does not need more authority, is a valid concern; that there is not enough transparency is an-other valid concern. 
I know my friend from Texas has ex-
pressed both of those concerns himself, and I am sure he is hearing those from his constituents as well. 
Mr. GOHMERT. I would like to fol-
low up with the observation there about our constituents because—I wish I didn’t—I remember all too well how things went in this room on TARP, the Wall Street bailout. The vast number of Americans—a huge percentage of Americans—did not want us to pass the Wall Street bailout. There was an FDIC former Director, named Isaac, who came. He had a lot of economists’ sup-port, and he had a great free market solution. People were excited when that passed. I know we had people clap-ping today just like they did when ObamaCare passed. A lot of people clapped when ObamaCare passed. Then they got defeated in the next election, so they were not here to clap for this one. There were people who clapped for the Wall Street bailout’s passing. Some of them didn’t come back because the people could see this was not a good way to go. 
Now, one of the things I love about 
being a Republican is that, basically, as conservatives, we are optimists. We think things can get better, and that is 
why we are here. I know you and I have worked so many times together, and that is why we are here. We want to make things better, and we think we can—that we have got a shot at mak-ing things better. But at some point, you at least have to take notice of the old Washington saying that, no matter how cynical you get here in Wash-ington, it is never enough to catch up. 
I love that people are aware that the 
President promised in ObamaCare that, if you liked your insurance, you could keep it and that, if you liked your doc-tor, you could keep him. He promised that nobody on Medicare would be af-fected, that it would only affect the re-imbursements. Well, people have found out that those things were not true. They did lose the insurance they liked, and they lost the doctors they liked. Medicare recipients had found out: Wait a minute. You said it wouldn’t af-fect me, but what I found out is, when you cut $700 billion from how much you reimburse the health care providers, my doctors are not able to see me. It does affect me. 
Then, of course, I remember—and I 
did consider Bart Stupak a friend. I saw him not long ago, and I still think of him as a friend. I know he was pro- life and wanted to do what was right. He was promised by the President that nothing in or about ObamaCare would cause anybody who disagreed with abortion or who had spiritual beliefs against abortion—that nothing that they would ever have to buy would pay for abortion, that no Federal money would go for abortion. As I understood it, he was even getting the President to put that in writing for him. 
b1500 
Well, as J
OEWILSON observed during 
a speech being given in here, I think he said it differently, but it turned out those things weren’t true. Abortion is paid for with Federal dollars. The Fed-eral Government even has fought peo-ple in court, like these precious Catho-lic nuns, the Little Sisters of the Poor. They have dedicated their lives to helping our Nation’s poor and people that are downtrodden. Those are the kind of people that government offi-cials used to revere, admire, respect. Not now. Because those broken prom-ises even resulted in this administra-tion fighting them in court to try to force them to have insurance that paid for abortion that these precious nuns believed was murdering a child in the womb. 
Constituents were against TARP. 
There were people here that supported this free trade agreement, just as you and I support free trade, but they sup-ported this TPA that truly will give the President more authority. 
I remember some of these same peo-
ple saying: Look, we don’t have to worry because by passing the bill we are about to pass, the President can’t remove anybody from Guantanamo without giving us notice, and when he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.063 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4340 June 12, 2015 
gives us notice, we can stop him. I 
mean, I have been told that. And, in fact, the law is, he can’t remove any-body from Guantanamo without first giving us notice. The American people remember that. 
They also happen to have noticed 
that the President cut a deal for a guy that looks like he is going to be charged with desertion, and released five terrorists from Guantanamo and didn’t give us notice until after he had released them. So I love the optimism that says, yes, there have been mis-representations from this administra-tion over and over and over and over, and now we have had 6
1⁄2years of con-
tinued misrepresentations from the ad-ministration, and the good news is this time we really think he means it. Now, I love that kind of optimism; I really do. 
I want to yield to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ), my 
friend, for his thoughts. 
Mr. MASSIE. Well, you are an opti-
mist, Mr. G OHMERT , and I would whole-
heartedly second that, but, look, you are also a realist, and I think we all need to be realists. The best way to keep those promises is not to make a promise you can’t keep or not to make a promise that you can’t make some-body else keep. So far, we have shown that we are pretty ineffectual here in Congress at keeping the President maintaining those promises. If you like the plan you have, you can keep it was one of those promises I remember. 
While we are talking about the Af-
fordable Care Act, I remember Con-gress was told to pass it so you can see what is in it. And we are being told: Pass the TPA so you can see what is in the TPP, at least so our constituents can see it. 
I just want to close with this and not 
consume any more of the gentleman’s time. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Before the gen-
tleman gets too far, reclaiming my time, I want to point out, he and I have been down to the classified area and viewed the TPP, but as I understand it, the President is going to be allowed to add like 20 percent to that that we have not even had an opportunity to see. So even when we say we have been down to the classified area, they made it available, we have been through it, we can’t say that all of it was provided. 
Is that your understanding? Mr. MASSIE. That is absolutely cor-
rect. Furthermore, the document that we viewed was a draft. It is not com-plete. If you read it, virtually every page of it has a little footnote that says, oh, we are still working on this page here. So, yeah, we are fast-track-ing something that we can’t see, we are not really going to be a party to the negotiations, and we can’t control the outcome of it. So I think we should do that with great caution. 
I just want to close with this. I want 
to say that the vote today was not a referendum on free trade. It was not a referendum on whether it benefits our country to trade with other countries. 
We know that. We believe it. We have seen it. Trade is good. But this was a referendum on giving the President more authority; this was a referendum on voting for something we can’t see, we can’t verify; and this was a ref-erendum on a huge, giant document. It reminds me of some of the omnibus bills we are given 2 days to read that come to this body, 1600 pages. 
But this was a referendum on the 
process. That is why they couldn’t get the bill passed today. TPA is not a law yet. It didn’t pass today, but we sup-port free trade. I know my colleague does. We just don’t support the TPA. 
Mr. GOHMERT. My friend has ob-
served all the goings-on very closely. The President has acted extraor-dinarily in reaching out to Congress, trying to push through this trade bill. 
I am curious whether the gentleman 
from Kentucky, my friend, thinks maybe this, for the first time, is an ef-fort by the President reaching out to make the Republican Party, Repub-lican leadership look good. Or what kind of motivation do you think most likely caused him to reach out more than he has, as I recall, on a bill? 
Mr. MASSIE. Well, I don’t want to 
question anybody’s motivations here in this body or in the other branch of the government, but I will say I have seen a zeal for the deal, a zeal for the trade deal, a zeal for a deal that people don’t fully even understand but they want to get the deal done. 
So I think they just need to slow 
down, look at the terms of the deal, get some experts in that room with you when you are looking at that secret document, have them tell you what all those things mean in there and just kind of calm down the zeal for the deal. We can do trade, we can do free trade, we can do trade agreements, but not this giant omnibus-like trade agree-ment. 
Thank you. Mr. GOHMERT. I appreciate my 
friend, but my problem is, having had so many provisions explained, for ex-ample, oh, this won’t affect seniors by cutting $700 billion out of Medicare, and, gee, if you will just renew the PA-TRIOT Act, section 215, gosh, you have got to be a terrorist before we get any of your personal information, your data—there have just been so many ex-planations and promises that have been made. With regard to section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, that was over two ad-ministrations. But there have been so many representations on what an ad-ministration—particularly this admin-istration—believes something means that allowed activity far beyond that, that even if this administration or the prior administration says this is what something means, I am sorry, the judge completely hasn’t left me, the chief justice completely hasn’t left me, and so I care more about what the language says on its face than what somebody tells me they think it will mean or how they will apply it. Again, you know, we were told things about ObamaCare and 
the way it would be interpreted and carried out, the PATRIOT Act, the way it would be interpreted and carried out. It turns out it simply was not the case. 
It is still why I am concerned over 
the part of section 215, even though I have been assured, oh, no, it really doesn’t mean anything. But it says not only can they gather the data of people associated with terrorists or involved in international terrorism, but it has this little two-letter disjunctive, the ‘‘or,’’ clandestine intelligence activi-
ties. Nobody will explain where that is defined in writing because until it is defined adequately in writing, that can mean anything anybody wants it to mean. It is just too vague, allows too much arbitrariness and capriciousness. So I am not as concerned about what people tell me something says or means because I know when you put words in a bill, at some point some judge somewhere is going to say, you know what those words actually say; they mean exactly what they say. 
So I am concerned about the power 
that is given to the President. I am concerned about the ability of the President to cut deals, and if he hap-pens to forget to give us notice, as he happened to do with regard to the five terrorists that were released from Guantanamo, then I don’t see this body stepping up and stopping him. I know we absolutely pledged we were going to on the illegal, unconstitutional am-nesty he did, but then we decided, well, we will just trust the judge in Texas that his ruling will be upheld all the way to the Supreme Court. So we gave up on that fight as a body. 
But I just have not seen anything 
from the House and Senate, either when it was under total Democratic control or now, that indicates we are going to be able to step up and stop the President if there is a violation of the law or a violation of personal commit-ments that were made. Because of that, I was not comfortable voting for TPA. I could not vote for it. I voted against TAA because it would facilitate TPA. 
I do have to make a parenthetical 
note here. It is interesting, we are as-sured that TPA is going to create this massive number of jobs, but we have to—absolutely have to—pass TAA, which creates additional welfare be-cause there are going to be so many Americans that lose their jobs as a re-sult of TPA. So it is going to create all these American jobs, but we have got to have TAA so we can cover all the American jobs that are lost that go overseas, when the fact is: You want a free trade agreement, you want to blow the doors off the barriers in the world to American goods and services? Let’s cut the biggest tariff that any nation in the world puts on its own goods and services called a corporate tax. Let’s cut it, if not eliminate it, at least get it below that of China. And the cuts to the prices will be so astounding that the doors will come down. They will have to come down, because our goods 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.065 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4341 June 12, 2015 
will not only be the best in the world, 
but they will be the best prices in the world. 
So we want real free trade. You are 
not going to get it by cutting a deal with countries that manipulate their currencies. Those were excellent points that some across the aisle made. If you are talking about free trade with coun-tries that manipulate their own cur-rencies, you are not going to get free trade with countries that manipulate their own currency because they can always maneuver around you and make their product better. So this didn’t ad-dress the manipulative nature of some nations’ currencies. Without that, you are not going to have a free trade deal. 
I would like to be an optimist and 
say that this bill that President Obama pushed so hard—historically hard for his administration—to get passed, I would like to be the optimist, as so many of my colleagues are, and say, but the reason President Obama was pushing for this so hard is this will really curtail his ability to make agreements without our agreement. I would like to think that he worked that hard to curtail his own power, but the realist, the old judge in me comes back and has to say, the verdict is he pushed for this TPA because it was going to give him a lot more power than he has now. 
I yield to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. Y
OHO). 
Mr. YOHO. I thank my colleague 
from Texas. I appreciate his loyalty and his patriotism to our country. I look forward to working with him in the future to talk about future nego-tiations to make sure that the Federal Government, every time we act, every time we move, every time we vote is to do what is best for America, to make America stronger, more competitive, and a better nation to pass on to our next generation. 
Mr. GOHMERT. I thank my friend 
and yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 3 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, June 15, 2015, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-
lowing Members executed the oath for access to classified information: 
Ralph Lee Abraham, Alma S. Adams, Rob-
ert B. Aderholt, Pete Aguilar, Rick W. Allen, Justin Amash, Mark E. Amodei, Brad Ashford, Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Andy Barr, Joe Barton, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Dan Benishek, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Gus M. Bilirakis, Mike Bishop, Rob Bishop, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., 
Diane Black, Marsha Blackburn, Rod Blum, Earl Blumenauer, John A. Boehner, Suzanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Mike Bost, Charles W. Boustany, Jr., Brendan F. Boyle, Kevin Brady, Robert A. Brady, Dave Brat, Jim Bridenstine, Mo Brooks, Susan W. Brooks, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Vern Buchanan, Ken Buck, Larry Bucshon, Michael C. Burgess, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Bradley Byrne, Ken Calvert, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, Tony Ca´rdenas, John C. Carney, Jr., Andre ´Carson, 
Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, John R. Carter, Matt Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Steve Chabot, Jason Chaffetz, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Curt Clawson, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Mike Coffman, Steve Cohen, Tom Cole, Chris Collins, Doug Collins, Barbara Comstock, K. Michael Conaway, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Paul Cook, Jim Cooper, Jim Costa, Ryan A. Costello, Joe Courtney, Kevin Cramer, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford, Ander Crenshaw, Joseph Crowley, Henry Cuellar, John Abney Culberson, Elijah E. Cummings, Carlos Curbelo, Danny K. Davis, Rodney Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, John K. Delaney, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. DelBene, Jeff Denham, Charles W. Dent, Ron DeSantis, Mark DeSaulnier, Scott DesJarlais, Theo-dore E. Deutch, Mario Diaz-Balart, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Robert J. Dold, Dan-iel M. Donovan, Jr., Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Sean P. Duffy, Jeff Dun-can, John J. Duncan, Jr., Donna F. Edwards, Keith Ellison, Renee L. Ellmers, Tom Emmer, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo, Eliz-abeth H. Esty, Blake Farenthold, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Stephen Lee Fincher, Michael G. Fitzpatrick, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann, John Fleming, Bill Flores, J. Randy Forbes, Jeff Fortenberry, Bill Foster, 
Virginia Foxx, Lois Frankel, Trent Franks, Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, Marcia L. Fudge, Tulsi Gabbard, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Scott Garrett, Bob Gibbs, Chris-topher P. Gibson, Louie Gohmert, Bob Good-latte, Paul A. Gosar, Trey Gowdy, Gwen Gra-ham, Kay Granger, Garret Graves, Sam Graves, Tom Graves, Alan Grayson, Al Green, Gene Green, H. Morgan Griffith, Rau ´l 
M. Grijalva, Glenn Grothman, Frank C. Guinta, Brett Guthrie, Luis V. Gutie ´rrez, 
Janice Hahn, Richard L. Hanna, Cresent Hardy, Gregg Harper, Andy Harris, Vicky Hartzler, Alcee L. Hastings, Denny Heck, Jo-seph J. Heck, Jeb Hensarling, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Jody B. Hice, Brian Higgins, J. French Hill, James A. Himes, Rube ´n Hino-
josa, George Holding, Michael M. Honda, Steny H. Hoyer, Richard Hudson, Tim Huelskamp, Jared Huffman, Bill Huizenga, Randy Hultgren, Duncan Hunter, Will Hurd, Robert Hurt, Steve Israel, Darrell E. Issa, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Evan H. Jenkins, Lynn Jenkins, Bill John-son, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Sam Johnson, David W. Jolly, Walter B. Jones, Jim Jordan, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kaptur, John Katko, Wil-liam R. Keating, Mike Kelly, Robin L. Kelly, Trent Kelly, Joseph P. Kennedy III, Daniel T. Kildee, Derek Kilmer, Ron Kind, Peter T. King, Steve King, Adam Kinzinger, Ann Kirkpatrick, John Kline, Stephen Knight, Ann M. Kuster, Rau ´l R. Labrador, Doug 
LaMalfa, Doug Lamborn, Leonard Lance, James R. Langevin, Rick Larsen, John B. Larson, Robert E. Latta, Brenda L. Law-rence, Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, Daniel Lipinski, Frank A. LoBiondo, David Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Billy Long, Barry Loudermilk, Mia B. Love, 
Alan S. Lowenthal, Nita M. Lowey, Frank D. Lucas, Blaine Luetkemeyer, Ben Ray Luja ´n, 
Michelle Lujan Grisham, Cynthia M. Lum-mis, Stephen F. Lynch, Thomas MacArthur, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kenny Marchant, Tom Marino, Thomas Massie, Doris O. Matsui, Kevin McCarthy, Michael T. McCaul, Tom McClintock, Betty McCollum, James P. McGovern, Patrick T. McHenry, David B. McKinley, Cathy McMor-ris Rodgers, Jerry McNerney, Martha McSally, Mark Meadows, Patrick Meehan, Gregory W. Meeks, Grace Meng, Luke Messer, John L. Mica, Candice S. Miller, Jeff Miller, John R. Moolenaar, Alexander X. Mooney, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton, Markwayne Mullin, Mick Mulvaney, Patrick Murphy, Tim Murphy, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, Randy Neugebauer, Dan Newhouse, Kristi L. Noem, Richard M. Nolan, Donald Norcross, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Richard B. Nugent, Devin Nunes, Alan Nunnelee*, Pete Olson, Beto O’Rourke, Steven M. Palazzo, Frank Pallone, Jr., Gary J. Palmer, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Erik Paulsen, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Stevan Pearce, Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Scott Perry, Scott H. Peters, Collin C. Peterson, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Robert Pittenger, Joseph R. Pitts, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Ted Poe, Bruce Poliquin, Jared Polis, Mike Pompeo, Bill Posey, David E. Price, Tom Price, Mike Quigley, Amata Coleman Radewagen, 
Charles B. Rangel, John Ratcliffe, Tom Reed, David G. Reichert, James B. Renacci, Reid J. Ribble, Kathleen M. Rice, Tom Rice, Cedric L. Richmond, E. Scott Rigell, Martha Roby, David P. Roe, Harold Rogers, Mike Rogers, Dana Rohrabacher, Todd Rokita, Thomas J. Rooney, Peter J. Roskam, Ileana Ros- Lehtinen, Dennis A. Ross, Keith J. Rothfus, David Rouzer, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Edward R. Royce, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppers-berger, Bobby L. Rush, Steve Russell, Paul Ryan, Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Matt Salmon, Linda T. Sa ´nchez, Lo-
retta Sanchez, Mark Sanford, John P. Sar-banes, Steve Scalise, Janice D. Schakowsky, Adam B. Schiff, Aaron Schock*, Kurt Schra-der, David Schweikert, Austin Scott, David Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., Jose ´E. Serrano, Pete 
Sessions, Terri A. Sewell, Brad Sherman, John Shimkus, Bill Shuster, Michael K. Simpson, Kyrsten Sinema, Albio Sires, Lou-ise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Adrian Smith, Christopher H. Smith, Jason Smith, Lamar Smith, Jackie Speier, Elise M. Stefanik, Chris Stewart, Steve Stivers, Mar-lin A. Stutzman, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Glenn Thompson, Mike Thompson, Mac Thorn-berry, Patrick J. Tiberi, Scott R. Tipton, Dina Titus, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, David A. Trott, Niki Tsongas, Michael R. Turner, Fred Upton, David G. Valadao, Chris Van Hollen, Juan Vargas, Marc A. Veasey, Filemon Vela, Nydia M. Vela ´zquez, Peter J. 
Visclosky, Ann Wagner, Tim Walberg, Greg Walden, Mark Walker, Jackie Walorski, Mimi Walters, Timothy J. Walz, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Randy K. Weber, Sr., Dan-iel Webster, Peter Welch, Brad R. Wenstrup, Bruce Westerman, Lynn A. Westmoreland, Ed Whitfield, Roger Williams, Frederica S. Wilson, Joe Wilson, Robert J. Wittman, Steve Womack, Rob Woodall, John A. Yar-muth, Kevin Yoder, Ted S. Yoho, David Young, Don Young, Todd C. Young, Lee M. Zeldin, Ryan K. Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.066 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4342 June 12, 2015 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CON-
CERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign cur-
rencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Of-ficial Foreign Travel during the first 
and second quarters of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO JAPAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 6 AND MAY 9, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 5 /8 5 /9 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 533.00 .................... 5,233.00 .................... .................... .................... 5, 766.00 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 5 /8 5 /9 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 533.00 .................... 5,993.40 .................... .................... .................... 6 ,526.40 
Kate Knudson .......................................................... 5 /6 5 /9 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 1,059.00 .................... 5,667.90 .................... .................... ................... . 6,726.90 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,125.00 .................... 16,894.30 .................... .................... ...... .............. 19,019.30 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. NANCY PELOSI, May 19, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND 
MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 1 /17 1 /19 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 822.00 
Hon. Jason Chaffetz ................................................ 3 /5 3 /9 South Africa ...................................... .... .................... 1,296.00 .................... 9,139.00 .................... .................... .................... 10,43 5.00 
Hon. Steve Russell .................................................. 3 /5 3 /9 South Africa ..................................... ..... .................... 1,296.00 .................... 8,670.00 .................... .................... .................... 9,96 6.00 
Andrew Dockham ..................................................... 3 /5 3 /9 South Africa ...................................... .... .................... 1,296.00 .................... 12,397.00 .................... .................... .................... 13,6 93.00 
Jaron Bourke ............................................................ 3 /5 3 /9 South Africa ................................. ......... .................... 1,296.00 .................... 10,430.00 .................... .................... ................... . 11,726.00 
Hon. Stephen Lynch ................................................. 3 /5 3 /9 South Africa ...................................... .... .................... 1,296.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 1,296.00 
3 /9 3 /11 Nigeria .................................................. .................... 780.00 .................... 10,754.00 .. .................. .................... .................... 11,534.00 
Bruce Fernandez ...................................................... 3 /9 3 /9 South Africa .................................... ...... .................... 1,296.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,296.00 
3 /9 3 /11 Nigeria .................................................. .................... 780.00 .................... 13,817.00 .. .................. .................... .................... 14,597.00 
Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 5,8 43.00 .................... 5,843.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 10,158.00 .................... 65,207.00 .................... 5,843.00 ................ .... 81,208.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, May 20, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1821. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Mi-chael J. Connor, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1822. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral John W. Miller, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1823. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing three officers on the enclosed list to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier general, as indicated, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1824. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update of Pre-approved Plan Revenue Procedure (Rev. Proc. 2015-36) received June 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1825. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Substantial Business Activities [TD 9720] (RIN: 1545-BK85) received June 11, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
1826. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Segregation Rule Effective Date [TD 9721] (RIN: 1545-BM17) received June 11, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1190. A bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board (Rept. 114– 150, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1991. A bill to extend the authority of the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out the Federal Lands Recreation En-hancement Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–151, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2505. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire the annual reporting of data on enroll-ment in Medicare Advantage plans; with an amendment (Rept. 114–152, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Energy and Commerce and Rules discharged from further con-sideration. H.R. 1190 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1991 
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2505 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. M ARINO ): 
H.R. 2745. A bill to amend the Clayton Act 
and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. 
C
OLE, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART ): 
H.R. 2746. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H12JN5.REC H12JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4343 June 12, 2015 
tax for hurricane and tornado mitigation ex-
penditures; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, and Ms. 
TSONGAS ): 
H.R. 2747. A bill to authorize the award of 
a military service medal to members of the Armed Forces who were exposed to ionizing radiation as a result of participation in the testing of nuclear weapons or under other circumstances; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York): 
H.R. 2748. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare Program of hearing aids and related hearing services; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. VALADAO (for himself, Mr. 
D
ENHAM , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. K NIGHT , Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. I SSA, Mr. M CCARTHY , 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. 
WALDEN ): 
H.R. 2749. A bill to amend the Reclamation 
Safety of Dams Act of 1978; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAUL, Miss R ICEof New York, and 
Mr. P AYNE ): 
H.R. 2750. A bill to reform programs of the 
Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regula-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself, Mr. 
COLE, Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. D ENHAM ): 
H.R. 2751. A bill to establish the Alyce 
Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commis-sion on Native Children, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for 
himself, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Ms. E STY, Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
WALZ, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. K USTER , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. M ICA): 
H.R. 2752. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and increase the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical respond-ers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for 
himself and Mr. L
AMBORN ): 
H.R. 2753. A bill to require the Bureau of 
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to make video recordings of the examination and testing of firearms and ammunition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. R
ANGEL , 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas): 
H.R. 2754. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make the work oppor-tunity credit permanent; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 2755. A bill to provide relocation sub-
sidies for the long-term unemployed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 2756. A bill to reform the provision of 
health insurance coverage by promoting health savings accounts, State-based alter-natives to coverage under the Affordable Care Act, and price transparency, in order to promote a more market-based health care system, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 2757. A bill to prohibit United States 
voluntary contributions to the regular budg-et of the United Nations or any United Na-tions agency; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 2758. A bill to make permanent the re-
turning worker exception to the annual nu-merical limitation on nonimmigrant visas issued under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 2759. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the cov-erage of marriage and family therapist serv-ices and mental health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. T ORRES , and 
Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 2760. A bill to establish the American 
Indian Trust Review Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 2761. A bill to provide that human life 
shall be deemed to exist from conception; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 2762. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide grants to eligible local educational agencies to encourage female students to pursue studies and careers in science, mathe-matics, engineering, and technology; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E DWARDS , 
and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 2763. A bill to provide support to de-
velop career and technical education pro-grams of study and facilities in the areas of renewable energy; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and the Workforce. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 2764. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen the pro-visions relating to child labor; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2765. A bill to prohibit the National 
Science Foundation from obligating amounts for the Polar Learning and Re-sponding Climate Change Educational Part-nership; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FARR, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M AT-
SUI, Ms. M ENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. R USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, and Mr. H ECKof Nevada): 
H.R. 2766. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to deem certain service in the organized military forces of the Government of the Commonwealth of the Philippines and the Philippine Scouts to have been active service for purposes of benefits under pro-grams administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. T URNER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  
of New York, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. Z INKE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. P ERRY , Ms. M ENG, 
and Mr. C OOK): 
H. Res. 310. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing Srebrenica; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H. Res. 311. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should confirm that money is not free speech and that corporations are not people for purposes of the First Amendment right to make campaign contributions by en-acting a constitutional amendment over-turning the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Citizens United v. Federal Elec-tion Commission, and should restore the right of Congress and the States to impose limits on the amount of expenditures that may be made by candidates and others in support of elections for public office by en-acting a constitutional amendment over-turning the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Buckley v. Valeo; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H. Res. 312. A resolution supporting raising 
awareness and educating the public about upper limb and lower limb differences; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Ms. 
S
PEIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. 
DESAULNIER ): 
H. Res. 313. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of May 23rd as ‘‘National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JN7.100 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4344 June 12, 2015 
Rosie the Riveter Day‘‘; to the Committee 
on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: 
H. Res. 314. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the eligibility of veterans service organi-zations for community development block grant funding; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 2745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes,’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof,’’ and, Article III of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2746. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN: 
H.R. 2747. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 14; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 2748. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . 
By Mr. VALADAO: 
H.R. 2749. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of section 8 and clause 
7 of section 9 of article I, of the Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 2750. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian 
Tribes’’ and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: 
H.R. 2751. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.R. 2752. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 2753. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution that states that Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 2754. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 and Amendment XVI of 
the United States Constitution 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 2755. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 2756. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this legislation is 
found within Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 2757. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 2758. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 2759. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article 1. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 2760. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is constitutionally appro-
priate pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Commerce Clause) which grants Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the 
several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause) which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States’’. 
The Supreme Court, in Worcester v. Geor-
gia (1832), reasoned that Indian Nations have always been considered as distinct, inde-pendent political communities, as the undis-puted possessors of the soil, from time im-memorial. 
Thus, conducting a review of the Congress’ 
trust relationship with American Indian tribes is permitted by the Constitution and confirmed by the courts.. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 2761. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Sanctity of Life Act is authorized by 
Article 1, Section 8 and Article 3, Section 1 which gives the Congress power to establish and limit the jurisdiction of lower federal courts as well as Article III, Section 2 which gives Congress the power to make exceptions to Supreme Court regulations. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 2762. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 2763. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 2764. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2765. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 2766. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 169: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 213: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 237: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 282: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 292: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. 
WALDEN . 
H.R. 304: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 341: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 381: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi and 
Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 427: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 467: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 511: Mr. B LUMand Mr. G UTHRIE  
H.R. 540: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JN7.100 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4345 June 12, 2015 
H.R. 556: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
SHUSTER . 
H.R. 619: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 680: Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM . 
H.R. 702: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 721: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 746: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 767: Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-
ida, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 774: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
HONDA , and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 879: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 882: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 918: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 973: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 985: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. B RATand Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1088: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1114: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1142: Mr. D OLD, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and 
Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1196: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1234: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. B EYER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 1401: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
and Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1479: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1505: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1566: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1643: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1683: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1760: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1768: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. 
STEFANIK . 
H.R. 1834: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R USH, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California. 
H.R. 1859: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 1910: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 1920: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
YARMUTH . H.R. 1921: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1935: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2042: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
Indiana, Mrs. R OBY, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 2140: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 2145: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 2147: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
BEYER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2149: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 2209: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2255: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 2290: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. A BRAHAM , and 
Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D OLD, Mr. A US-
TIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E STY, Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
VISCLOSKY , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
SCHIFF , and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, and Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 2358: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. L UMMIS , and 
Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 2404: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. L O-
RETTA SANCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 2431: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2449: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2460: Mr. W ALZand Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 2490: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 2493: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. K EATING , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. S AR-
BANES . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 2522: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 2523: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2530: Ms. M ENGand Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2606: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2643: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
BARR, and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. G UTH-
RIE. 
H.R. 2647: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2652: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R US-
SELL, and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 2654: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2655: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. B LUM, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. 
CONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2680: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2694: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 2719: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico. 
H.R. 2726: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
and Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2740: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D OLD, and Mrs. 
TORRES . 
H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. P ERRY . 
H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. B OST, Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. L ANCE . 
H. Res. 110: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H. Res. 147: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C LAY, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
RUSH, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H. Res. 203: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 230: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. D OLD. 
H. Res. 233: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H. Res. 235: Mr. S IMPSON . 
H. Res. 259: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 262: Mr. P OCAN and Ms. N ORTON . 
H. Res. 284: Ms. B ORDALLO and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H. Res. 286: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H. Res. 290: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
VARGAS . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. S TEWART . 
H. Res. 296: Mr. M EEKS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.014 H12JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E887 June 12, 2015 
RECOGNIZING DONNA LEITER-
MANN FOR HER HARD WORK AND DEDICATION AS A PUBLIC SERVANT IN THE FIFTH DIS-TRICT 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Donna Leitermann as she transi-tions from Bangor Township Treasurer to Bay City Treasurer. She will start her new career with the city on June 22, 2015. 
Ms. Leitermann began her work as a public 
servant as Deputy Treasurer in December 1992. Two years later, she was elected as Bangor Township Treasurer and continued to serve for five terms. 
Concurrent to serving as Bangor Township 
Treasurer, Ms. Leitermann was the treasurer of Bangor Township Downtown Development Authority and committee member of Bangor Township Department of Public Works. For two decades, there has not been a major in-frastructure project in Bangor Township for which she was not responsible. 
Public servants like Donna Leitermann de-
serve respect and appreciation. Every day, she has done important work that has posi-tively affected her community. Ms. Leitermann has also been a member and past president of the Bay County Treasurer’s Association, member of the Michigan Treasurer’s Associa-tion, and treasurer and board director of Bay Future of Bay County. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Donna Leitermann 
for her commitment to public service and thank her for diligently serving as Bangor Township Treasurer these past 21 years. I wish her all the luck as she begins a new chapter as Bay City Treasurer. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE LAUNCHING OF 
DIRECT FLIGHTS BETWEEN HOUSTON GEORGE BUSH INTER-CONTINENTAL AIRPORT (IAH) AND TAIWAN TAOYUAN INTER-NATIONAL AIRPORT (TPE) 
HON. JOHN ABNEY CULBERSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the launch of direct flights be-tween Taipei and Houston. The inaugural flight BR–52 is scheduled to arrive in Houston Air-port at around 4:30 p.m. on June 19th, 2015. The new direct service will make it easier for my constituents to travel to Taiwan and des-tinations throughout Asia for both business and leisure. 
The United States and Taiwan share a thriv-
ing economic partnership. The new direct route will further enhance our close relation-
ship by promoting business and tourism, which will result in new jobs and economic benefits for my constituents and all of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize and 
congratulate Houston Airport, U.S. and Tai-wanese officials involved, and the large Tai-wanese-American community in Houston for their years of effort to achieve this significant milestone. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DIANE GERBER 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the tireless dedication of Staten Is-land’s Diane Gerber in serving our veterans. 
Originally from Brooklyn, Diane currently re-
sides on Staten Island, and as a grandmother of eight, who single-handedly raised three chil-dren, she found time to commit 25 years to the American Legion’s Cespino Russo Auxil-iary Unit #1544. 
Ms. Gerber served on American Legion 
Auxiliary Unit and County committees. She later ascended to the roles of Secretary, Vice President, and President. While serving as chair of these committees, she was the model of a true American citizen: fundraising to pur-chase holiday gifts for hospitalized veterans and helping bridge the educational gap by granting scholarships to many students. 
During her term as President, she geared 
her attention toward her project, ‘‘Soldier’s Wish—Making Our Heroes’ Wishes Come True.’’ Through her leadership, over $57,000 has been raised so far. These funds are dedi-cated to identify the un-met needs of uni-formed heroes regardless of rank or branch of service. 
Mr. Speaker, Diane Gerber’s commitment to 
improving and supporting the lives of those who have served our great nation is the per-fect example of a model American citizen. I commend her outstanding achievements and I am proud to honor this hero from New York’s 11th District. 
f 
THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN 
ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHIL-DREN: ASSESSING THE COMPLI-ANCE REPORT AND REQUIRED ACTION 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
international parental child abduction rips chil-dren from their homes and families and whisks them away to a foreign land, alienating them from the love and care of the parent and fam-ily left behind. Child abduction is child abuse, 
and it continues to plague families across the United States. 
Every year, an estimated 1,000 American 
children are unlawfully removed from their homes by one of their parents and taken across international borders. Less than half of these children ever come home. 
The problem is so consequential and the 
State Department’s previous approach of ‘‘quiet diplomacy’’ so inadequate, that Con-gress unanimously passed the Goldman Act last year to give teeth to requests for return and access. These actions increase in sever-ity, and range from official protests through diplomatic channels, to extradition, to the sus-pension of development, security, or other for-eign assistance. 
The Goldman Act is a law calculated to get 
results, as we did in the return of Sean Gold-man from Brazil in 2008. 
But a law is only as good as its implementa-
tion. 
Broken-hearted parents across America 
waited four years for the Goldman Act to be-come law and still await full U.S. government implementation of the law. 
The State Department’s first annual report 
that we are reviewing today should be a road-map for action. 
The State Department must get this report 
right in order for the law to be an effective tool. 
If the report fails to accurately identify prob-
lem countries, the actions I mentioned above are not triggered. 
Countries should be listed if they have high 
numbers of cases—30 percent or more—that have been pending over a year or if they regu-larly fail to enforce return orders, or if they have failed to take appropriates steps in even a single abduction case pending more than a year. 
Once these countries are properly identified, 
the Secretary of State then determines which of the aforementioned actions the U.S. will apply to the country in order to encourage the timely resolution of abduction and access cases. 
While the State Department has choice of 
which actions to apply, and can waive actions for up to 180 days, the State Department does not have discretion over whether to report ac-curately to Congress on the country’s record, or on whether the country is objectively a non- compliant. 
As we have seen in the human trafficking 
context, (I authored both the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 as well as the Goldman Act) accurate accounting of a coun-try’s record, especially in comparison with other countries, can do wonders to prod much needed reforms. 
Accurate reporting is also critical to family 
court judges across the country and parents considering their child’s travel to a foreign country where abduction or access problems are a risk. 
The stakes are high: misleading or incom-
plete information could mean the loss of an-other American child to abduction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN8.001 E12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E888 June 12, 2015 
For example, a judge might look at the re-
port table filled with zeros in the unresolved cases category, erroneously conclude that a particular country is not of concern, and give permission to an estranged spouse to return to their country with the child for a vacation. The taking parent then abducts the child and the left behind parent then spends her life sav-ings and many years trying to get her child re-turned to the U.S. All of which could have been avoided with accurate reporting on the danger. 
I am very concerned that the first annual re-
port contains major gaps and even misleading information, especially when it comes to coun-tries with which we have the most intractable abduction cases. 
For instance, the report indicates that India, 
which has consistently been in the top five destinations for abducted American children, had 19 new cases in 2014, 22 resolved cases and no unresolved cases. However, we know from the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children (NCMEC) that India has 53 open abduction cases—and that 51 have been pending for more than 1 year. 
The report shows zero new cases in Tunisia 
for last year, 3 resolved cases, and zero unre-solved cases. And yet Ms. Edeanna Barbirou testified to her more than 3-year battle to bring her children home from Tunisia. NCMEC’s numbers show 6 ongoing abductions in Tuni-sia, all of which have been pending for more than a year. 
Nowhere is the report’s disconnect with re-
ality more clear than in its handling of Japan, a country that has never issued and enforced a return order for a single one of the hundreds of American children abducted there, and was not listed as a country showing failing to co-operate in returns. 
In March, nearly two months before the an-
nual report was released, I chaired a hearing in the subcommittee which I chair featuring Ambassador Susan Jacobs in which it was made perfectly clear that, ‘‘Congress expects that Japan will be evaluated not just on its handling of new abduction cases after it joined the Hague Convention last year, but on its work to resolve ALL open abduction cases,’’ including the more than 50 cases I and others have been raising with the State Department for the last 5 years. 
Among such cases is that of Sgt. Michael 
Elias, who has not seen his children, Jade and Michael Jr., since 2008. Michael served as a Marine who saw combat in Iraq. His wife, who worked in the Japanese consulate, used docu-ments fraudulently obtained with the apparent complicity of Japanese consulate personnel to kidnap their children, then aged 4 and 2, in defiance of a court order, telling Michael on a phone call that there was nothing that he could do, as ‘‘my country will protect me.’’ 
Her country, very worried about its designa-
tion in the new report, sent a high-level dele-gation in March to meet with Ambassador Ja-cobs and explain why Japan should be ex-cused from being listed as ‘‘non-compliant,’’ despite the fact that more than one year after signing the Hague Convention on the Civil As-pects of International Child Abduction, Japan has ordered zero returns to the U.S. 
Just before the report was released in 
May—two weeks late—Takashi Okada, Dep-uty Director General in the Secretariat of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told the Japanese Diet that he had been in consultation with the State Department and ‘‘because we strived to 
make an explanation to the U.S. side, I hope that the report contents will be based on our country’s efforts.’’ 
In other words, Japan got a pass from the 
State Department and escaped the list of countries facing action by the U.S. for their failure to resolve abduction cases based on what Mr. Okada euphemistically refers to as ‘‘efforts,’’ not results. 
Sgt. Michael Elias’s country has utterly 
failed to protect him. He has seen zero progress in his case over the last year—the 7th year of his heart-wrenching ordeal—and yet the State Department cannot even bring itself to hold Japan accountable by naming Japan an offender in the annual report. 
It is disappointing, discouraging, and dis-
graceful. The report whitewashes Japan’s egregious record on parental child abduction. 
Adding insult to injury, the report table that 
was to show the unresolved abduction cases in Japan failed to include a single one of the more than 50 cases, 36 of which have been dragging on for more than 5 years, according to the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children. Instead, the table listed Japan has having a 43% resolution rate. 
Japan has never issued and enforced a re-
turn order for an American child. These young victims, like their left-behind parents, are American citizens who need the help of their government. 
The Goldman Act is clear: All requests for 
return that the State Department submitted to the foreign ministry and that remained unre-solved 12 months later are to be counted against Japan. Nearly 100% of the abduction cases to Japan remain open; and the report’s conclusion of 43% resolution is indefensible. 
Moreover, not a single left behind parent 
pursuing access was allowed in-person con-tact with their child over the last year. 
The Goldman Act has given the State De-
partment new and powerful tools to bring Japan, and other countries, to the resolution table. The goal is not to disrupt relations but to heal the painful rifts caused by international child abduction. 
The question still remains, will the State De-
partment use the Goldman Act as required by law? 
I appreciate the Department’s presence at 
yesterday’s hearing to discuss ways that we can improve the report and ensure that it ful-fills the purposes for which it was intended— namely, the prevention of abduction and the reunification of the thousands of American families that have been suffering forced sepa-ration for too long. 
f 
WELCOMING THE TAIPEI ECO-
NOMIC AND CULTURAL OFFICE, TECO, TO DENVER 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to wel-
come the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office, TECO, to the city of Denver. The establish-ment of this important office in Denver is a testament to the strong relationship the people of Colorado have developed over the years with the people of Taiwan. Colorado counts Taiwan as its 6th largest Asian trading partner 
and its 13th overall trading partner. Locating this office in Denver not only reflects the depth of our current relationship with Taiwan but will surely contribute to deepening our trade, edu-cation, and cultural ties in the coming years. 
My district in Colorado has a growing Tai-
wanese population and their presence greatly enriches the district economically, culturally, and civically. Taiwanese entrepreneurs, busi-ness community, civic leaders, and students contribute greatly to our community. Over the past 50 years Taiwan has also proven itself as a significant political, economic, and security partner of the United States and I fully expect that strong relationship to grow even stronger in the years to come. 
Having Taiwan as a meaningful partner 
clearly benefits both of our citizens, and I am proud that Colorado now has a direct relation-ship with Taiwan through the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office. 
I look forward doing whatever I can to fur-
ther enhance our close and growing relation-ship. 
f 
MIDDLE EAST WARS ARE A 
HORRIBLE MISTAKE 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
Thomas Sowell is one of this Nation’s most-re-spected economists and syndicated col-umnists. 
His latest column is about the lessons we 
should learn from our seemingly-endless war in Iraq. 
Mr. Sowell wrote: ‘‘Going back to square 
one, what lessons might we learn from the whole experience of the Iraq War? 
If nothing else, we should never again imag-
ine that we can engage in ‘‘nation-building’’ in the sweeping sense that term acquired in Iraq—least of all building a democratic Arab nation in a region of the world that has never had such a thing in a history that goes back thousands of years.’’ 
Mr. Sowell is right. It has been a horrible mistake for this Nation 
to spend trillions of dollars on unnecessary wars in the Middle East. 
We should never have gotten involved in all 
these civil wars between Shi’a and Sunni. 
Yet, we keep on pouring mega-billions down 
these ratholes, voting for even more billions over there as recently as yesterday. When will we ever learn? 
f 
HONORING THE ROTARY CLUB OF 
NORTH CHICAGO AND THE RE-CIPIENTS OF THE ROTARY HU-MANITARIAN PATRIOT AWARD 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to the outstanding community service of The Rotary Club of North Chicago and to rec-ognize this year’s recipients of The Rotary Hu-manitarian Patriot Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN8.004 E12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E889 June 12, 2015 
The Rotary Humanitarian Patriot Program 
was established by The Rotary Club of North Chicago in 2013 with three primary objectives: 1) recognizing individuals throughout North-east Illinois who are the best at providing hu-manitarian support for our United Armed Forces Veterans and their families; 2) high-lighting veteran services provided by local North Chicago institutions including the Cap-tain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center and its integrated relationships with the active duty component at Great Lakes Naval Training Center and Rosalind Franklin Univer-sity College of Medicine and Science; and 3) supporting research, treatment, and aware-ness for individuals living with post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. 
Rotary was founded on the principle of serv-
ice, and The Rotary Humanitarian Patriot Pro-gram is an inspiring extension of this mission. The award recipients all demonstrate an ex-traordinary sense of commitment to the men and women of our armed forces. These indi-viduals understand that veterans have sac-rificed greatly for this country and deserve nothing less than our highest gratitude and re-spect. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate this year’s re-
cipients of The Rotary Humanitarian Patriot Award: Bryan Anderson, Joyce Campbell, Mary Carmody, Larry Crone, Jeff Harger, Gan-der the Service Dog, Lon Hodges, Robert Kauffman, Don Long, Rob Paddor, Judge John Philips, Anthony Sarpe, Craig Steichen, Matt Steichen, Angela Walker, Scott Watkins, Bill Wolff, Michael Woods, and Frank Yurasek. 
Even more so, I thank these outstanding in-
dividuals and canine for the incredible work they continue to do. Their service strengthens our communities and our country, and I am grateful for the work of The Rotary Club of North Chicago and all of this year’s honorees. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. D. EDWARD 
SMYTH ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
D. Edward (‘‘Ted’’) Smyth on his retirement from McGraw Hill Financial, following a distin-guished career at the highest levels of govern-ment and business. 
In 2009, Ted joined the company as its Ex-
ecutive Vice President for Corporate Affairs, overseeing worldwide marketing, communica-tions, government affairs and corporate re-sponsibility. During his tenure, Ted helped lead the company’s transformation into a fo-cused provider of credit ratings, benchmarks and analytics to the financial marketplace, with marquee brands that include Standard & Poor’s, Platts and J.D. Power. He also lent his expertise in corporate governance to the com-pany’s Board of Directors and served as a trusted counselor to two chief executive offi-cers: Harold W. (‘‘Terry’’) McGraw, III, and more recently, Douglas L. Peterson. 
Ted came to McGraw Hill Financial after 
more than two decades at H.J. Heinz Com-pany, where he held the dual roles of Senior Vice President for Corporate and Government Affairs and Chief Administrative Officer. In his time at Heinz, Ted created world-class com-munications and government relations func-
tions and chaired both the Heinz Global Com-munications Committee and the Heinz Crisis and Issues Committee, reporting directly to Bill Johnson, Heinz’s former chairman, president and CEO. Ted also built and sustained the company’s talent management process, de-signed to attract and retain the best minds in the food industry. 
Prior to joining Heinz in 1988, Ted spent 15 
years as a senior diplomat for Ireland, serving in embassies and offices in Geneva, Portugal, Washington, D.C. and London. Among the many highlights of his diplomatic career, Ted served as a delegate to the 36-nation Con-ference on Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope (CSCE) in Switzerland and was a special advisor to the Irish Prime Minister in seeking a peaceful resolution to the Northern Ireland conflict. Ted also was a member of the Secre-tariat of the New Ireland Forum and was Press Secretary for the Irish government in the United Kingdom. 
A talented writer and sought-after speaker, 
Ted has authored numerous articles on public policy, has participated in leading conferences worldwide and has contributed thoughtful bylines to several leading newspapers. He lends his considerable leadership skills to a number of organizations, currently serving as a Director of Glucksman Ireland House at New York University, a member of the Global Stud-ies Program of the Center for International Studies at the University of Pittsburgh, a trust-ee of the Clinton Institute in University Col-lege, Dublin, and a trustee of Marlboro Col-lege, Vermont. He also is a former Director of the Hain Celestial Company, the Africa Amer-ica Institute and the Ireland Funds. Ted grad-uated with honors in History and Political Science from Trinity College in Dublin. 
Mr. Speaker, apart from his countless ac-
complishments, Ted Smyth is a true gen-tleman and a friend to all who know him. I am honored to ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Ted for his many contributions and congratulating him on his remarkable career. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE D.C. CHAP-
TER OF THE BLACK DATA PROC-ESSING ASSOCIATES ON ITS 37TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the District of Columbia chapter of the Black Data Processing Associ-ates (BDPA) on its 37th anniversary of service to the residents of the District of Columbia and the national capital region. 
Founded in May 1978 by Norman Mays, the 
D.C. chapter is the second chapter of BDPA formed, preceded only by the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania chapter, 1977. In 1979, BDPA was restructured as a national organization, and has 45 active chapters across the United States. 
As the oldest and largest African American 
information technology (IT) organization, com-prised of over 2,000 African-American IT pro-fessionals, as well as science, technology, en-gineering and math (STEM) college students, BDPA’s vision is to be a powerful advocate for 
their interests within the global technology in-dustry. Its mission is to be a global, member- focused technology organization that delivers programs and services for the professional well-being of its members. 
BDPA continues to promote professional 
growth and technical development for young people and those entering into information and communication technology (ICT) in academia and corporate America. We also appreciate BDPA and its 45 chapters for continuing to provide ICT opportunities for STEM students and professionals. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in celebrating the 37th anni-versary of the D.C. chapter of the Black Data Processing Associates, in congratulating BDPA for its outstanding accomplishments and commitment to the residents of the District of Columbia and around the country, and in welcoming those attending the BDPA Annual National Technology Conference and Career Fair, titled ‘‘Evolution of IT—Embracing the Digital Future,’’ on August 18–22, 2015, at the Washington Hilton Hotel. 
f 
HONORING NORTH CAROLINA 
STATE UNIVERSITY WRESTLER, NICK GWIAZDOWSKI 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to congratulate Nick Gwiazdowski, a member of the North Carolina State Univer-sity wrestling team, on winning his second straight NCAA Division I Individual Champion-ship. 
Mr. Gwiazdowski is the first Wolfpack wres-
tler to ever win multiple NCAA titles and one of the most successful student-athletes in NC State’s history. He finished this season with a perfect 35–0 record and holds a record of 55 straight wins since last year—the nation’s longest current winning streak. 
North Carolina State has a long history of 
success in wrestling, with seven national championships. Gwiazdowski’s remarkable victory—17 seconds into the championship match—adds yet another chapter to that sto-ried tradition. 
Congratulations to Nick Gwiazdowski. Wolf-
pack fans everywhere are proud of your championship and look forward to your senior season next year and the promise of a threepeat. 
f 
OUR SHREDDED FLAG 
HON. JOSEPH J. HECK 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, recently, 
I was contacted by a constituent, Colonel Paul Dudley, United States Air Force, Retired. He wrote to express his patriotic feelings for our country and the treatment of our flag. Attached to his letter was a poem he wrote titled, ‘‘Our Shredded Flag.’’ Since this Sunday, June 14th, is Flag Day, I thought it appropriate to submit his poem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.003 E12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E890 June 12, 2015 
I am a United States of America shredded 
flag. 
I fly from the roof of many typical American 
homes. 
Some time ago, I was new and radiant when 
they placed me there, 
But the wind and rain have reduced me to 
strings of red, white, and blue. 
Sometimes I fly from vehicles until I am 
torn to shreds; 
Though I still wave proudly, and can be rec-
ognized, I need replaced, 
And here’s why: 
Brave military have carried me into battles 
in many wars 
To save and preserve our nation, and restore 
peace. 
I fly proudly above our military bases and 
naval vessels 
To show that we are, yet today, a nation of 
strength and honor. 
Our Veterans, Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Ma-
rines and Coast Guard 
Still honor me, care for me, protect me, and 
rescue me when torn; 
With them, I am in good hands. 
When they see that I am weathering from 
the elements, 
They take me down and honorably, ceremo-
nially give me final rest, 
And as a service to those citizens who do not 
seem to know, or do the same, 
They do it for them, with great respect and 
understanding. 
I am called ‘‘Old Glory’’, ‘‘The Star Spangled 
Banner’’, and other respected names, 
Which make me flow and flutter proudly in 
the wind, 
For I am the true vision of our great nation. 
I represent a people who have achieved their 
freedom; 
I remind a people of the sacrifices that we 
have made to keep it; 
I go off to war with the greatest warriors, 
many who die defending it; 
And I grieve when draped over their coffins 
when they are returned. 
I am placed into the hands of their greatest 
loved ones 
To honor them and remember them forever-
more. 
Those who dishonor me, stomp on me, and 
burn me, only destroy my cloth. 
My meaning, my purpose, my honor and rep-
resentation still live on; 
These cannot be taken away so long as there 
remains a United States of America. 
So, fellow citizens, protect what I stand for, 
not for me, but for you; 
For I am merely dye on cloth with a God 
blessed meaning. 
Honor me; respect me for what I represent, And I will fly over you wherever, and for-
ever. 
I am the ‘‘Stars and Stripes Forever’’. 
Written by Paul Frederick Dudley, Colo-
nel, USAF (Ret) USMC (WWII) USAF (Viet-nam) March 6, 2011. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. STEVEN A. 
LOOMIS 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize my constituent, Dr. Steven A. Loomis of Littleton, Colorado. Dr. Loomis will soon be elected the 93rd president of the American Optometric Association (AOA) dur-
ing their 118th annual meeting on June 27, 2015, in Seattle, Washington. Dr. Loomis is a graduate of Pacific Univer-
sity College of Optometry and owns Mountain Vista EyeCare and Dry Eye Center in Littleton, Colorado. He was first elected to the American Optometric Association Board of Trustees in 2007, and elected President-Elect at the 117th Annual AOA Congress & 44th Annual AOSA Conference: Optometry’s Meeting in June 2014. Dr. Loomis has continuously proven to be a leader in his profession at the local, state, and national levels. In addition to his du-ties as President-Elect, Dr. Loomis is chair of the AOA Building Committee and serves as a member of the AOA Agenda, Executive, and Personnel Committees. 
Dr. Loomis’ enthusiasm for optometry and 
commitment to excellence in eye and vision care has earned him this prestigious national office. I take great pride representing Dr. Loomis in Colorado’s Sixth Congressional Dis-trict and I join his family, friends, and col-leagues in congratulating him on this achieve-ment. I am confident that he will have a very successful term as president of the AOA and I wish him the very best of luck. 
f 
MAYOR KURT D. DYKSTRA 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the Honorable Kurt D. Dykstra and his commendable service to the City of Holland as its 40th Mayor. 
Mayor Dykstra was the first of his family to 
attend college, and earned his Bachelor of Arts degree, Magna Cum Laude, at North-western College, in Orange City, Iowa, and his Juris Doctor at Marquette University Law School, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, graduating first in class, Summa Cum Laude. 
Mayor Dykstra has been a member of the 
City Council since 2005 and represented Hol-land’s fifth ward until his election to Mayor. As Holland’s mayor since 2009, he has provided strong leadership for this thriving and success-ful lakefront city. Today, Holland is a bright, vi-brant city thanks to his vision and leadership. 
During his tenure, Holland was named the 
2013 winner of Outstanding Achievement in Heritage Preservation, the 2012 winner of En-vironmental Efforts, named in Forbes list of America’s Prettiest Towns, a Top Five Safest Cities in the U.S., and the 3rd Best Place for Families in the U.S. 
Mayor Dykstra’s record of successful leader-
ship has enabled the City of Holland to con-tinue to be recognized as a place to live, work and play. Under Mayor Dykstra, the city has become a place where businesses are able to grow, strong and safe neighborhoods flourish, and visitors are warmly welcomed. The City of Holland has been well served by his tenure. 
I wish Mayor Dykstra the best of luck as he 
leaves West Michigan to become President of Trinity Christian College. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring 
Mayor Kurt Dykstra for his service to the City of Holland. HONORING THE GLEN MOORE FIRE 
COMPANY 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Glen Moore Fire Company on its 100th anniversary of serving and protecting families in Chester County. 
Glen Moore’s first apparatus was horse- 
drawn. It was bought for $100 in 1915 after local residents saw the need for fire protection in the community. Since then, the Company has grown and thrived and the Glen Moore area now benefits from the protection of a highly-trained team of expert officers and members, modern apparatus and equipment. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2014 alone, the Glen Moore 
Fire Company responded to more than 300 in-cidents—one every 29 hours. We are grateful to the fine firefighters of the Glen Moore Fire Company and I wish them another 100 years of success in serving the community. 
f 
HONORING COUNCILMAN THOMAS 
D. MISERENDINO 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Navy and Vietnam veteran Thomas Miserendino of New Jersey’s Third Congres-sional District, who passed away last week, and express my deepest condolences to his family and friends. 
Councilman Miserendino served our country 
valiantly during the Vietnam War and in his position as Senior Chief of the U.S. Navy. Councilman Miserendino continued his service to the country after his time in the Navy by ac-tively serving his community. 
Among his many volunteer services he was 
a Councilman to the Borough of Beachwood, the longest serving Chief of Beachwood Vol-unteer Fire Company, Ocean County manager for the NJ Firemen’s Home, Secretary of the Beachwood Fire Relief Association, Life mem-ber of Ocean County Firemen’s Association and past board member for Toms River Board of Education. 
Mr. Speaker, South Jersey is tremendously 
grateful for Councilman Thomas Miserendino’s service to our nation and its communities. It is my honor to recognize his service and achievements before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
YOUNG AMERICA’S NATIONAL 
HIGH SCHOOL LEADERSHIP CON-FERENCE 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to congratulate all of the stu-dents who will take part in the Young Amer-ica’s National High School Leadership Con-ference from July 8th to 11th. At this con-ference, the students will learn leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.007 E12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E891 June 12, 2015 
skills along with discussing the ideas of indi-
vidual freedom, a strong national defense, free enterprise, and traditional values. It is ex-tremely important for young people in the United States to learn about the virtues of these ideas. 
I join with the students’ families and friends 
in wishing these young conservative leaders a successful conference, and excellent time in our nation’s capital. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANTHONY 
‘‘TONY’’ GIANNETTA 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Anthony Dominic ‘‘Tony’’ Giannetta, who passed away on May 30, 2015, at the age of 94. As the founder of Hall-mark Homes, Tony helped expand the Cali-fornia home building industry and devoted much of his life to maintaining it. His kind 
heart, talent, and contributions to the Central Valley will be greatly missed. 
Tony was born on November 7, 1920, in 
Fresno, California. Raised in Fresno, Tony graduated from Edison High School. He mar-ried Alice Therese Baraldi on November 22, 1942, and shortly thereafter the two moved to Marysville, CA, to fulfill Tony’s duties in the United States Army. After the war the couple moved back to Fresno, where they settled and raised six sons. 
During the late 1940’s, Tony began his ca-
reer in the home building industry as a car-penter. In 1951 Tony and John Mortillaro formed the Quality Homes Construction Com-pany, which merged with the Cetti Brothers Construction Company a year later. Under the Hallmark Homes name, the company devel-oped 27 subdivisions and built more than 4,500 homes in the Fresno, Clovis, and Madera areas, in addition to the construction of many commercial projects. This made Hall-mark Homes one of the largest regional build-ers for three decades, and it marked the asso-ciation of the name Tony Giannetta within the home building industry. In fact, the two be-came synonymous in Fresno. 
Tony was a member of the Building Industry 
Association of the San Joaquin Valley, and served as president in 1967, 1979, and 1980. He acted as a Director to the California Build-ing Industry Association and was a life director to the National Association of Homebuilders who on February 15, 2008 acknowledged him as a 50 year member, and he served on var-ious committees for the California Building In-dustry Association including its Legislative Committee, Executive Committee, Insurance Committee, and Long Range Planning Com-mittee. 
As a Fresno native, maintaining community 
involvement was important to Tony. In partner-ship with the Construction Department at Fres-no City College, Tony provided work experi-ence training for students in the building in-dustry. He was also instrumental in creating the National Association of Home Builders- Building Industry Association student chapters at Fresno City College and California State University, Fresno. 
For his contributions to homebuilding and its 
community, Tony became a lifetime member of the Building Industry Association of the San 
Joaquin Valley in 1986 and was inducted into the California Housing Foundation Hall of Fame in 1988—the first inductee to come from the Central Valley. He was also awarded the Oscar Spano Lifetime Service Award in 1988 by his local building industry association. 
In his spare time, Tony enjoyed traveling, 
playing sports and cherished his time with family and friends. He was a devoted husband to Alice, his bride of 72 years; a loving father to his sons, Gerald, Ronald, Anthony Jr., James, Michael and John; and the kind and generous grandfather of 12 grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren. Tony’s favorite memo-ries included celebrating the holidays in his home as well as gathering for Sunday pasta lunches, a tradition he shared with his family. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring the life of An-thony Dominic ‘‘Tony’’ Giannetta, a Central Valley pioneer and influential figure in the Cali-fornia home building industry. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,758,342,047.24. We’ve 
added $7,525,881,293,134.16 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE OPENING OF 
THE RICHARD AND GINA SANTORI LIBRARY OF AURORA, ILLINOIS 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the opening of the Richard and Gina Santori Library of Aurora, Illinois. 
Since its founding in 1838, the Aurora Pub-
lic Library system has nurtured education in our diverse community and has instilled a love of reading for generations of Aurorans. By es-tablishing locations throughout the city, devel-oping bookmobiles and robust outreach ef-forts, the library has made educational re-sources accessible to all Aurorans and been a strong contributor to community growth. 
With the opening of the new library in down-
town Aurora, the Aurora Public Library has embraced the challenges and opportunities of the next century. The building will feature a ‘‘Makers Space’’ on the first floor with a 3D printer, laser cutter, vinyl cutter, plotter printer, computers with CAD, CAM, Adobe Cloud and other creation software for students and com-munity members to experiment and train with modern manufacturing tools. It will also feature an audio/visual library, the Kiwanis Club of Au-
rora Children’s Library, and a Teen Space with a state-of-the-art media studio. These new re-sources will allow the Aurora Public Library to continue its mission and serve the new needs of our community. 
Congratulations to the City of Aurora and 
the Aurora Public Library on the opening of the new facility. The Richard and Gina Santori Library will no doubt inspire future generations to become lifelong learners. 
f 
THE FUTURE OF U.S.-ZIMBABWE 
RELATIONS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
Zimbabwe is a country the size of the state of Montana, with a population of nearly 14 million people. However, its mineral wealth gives it an outsized importance. The southern African na-tion is the world’s third largest source of plat-inum group metals and has significant re-serves of nickel, gold, chromium and dozens of other metals and minerals. Significant dia-mond reserves were discovered in 2006. Cur-rently, about 40 percent of the country’s for-eign exchange is earned from the export of these metals and minerals. 
It was the abundance of such mineral re-
sources, and their exploitation, which has driv-
en the relationship between the West and Zimbabwe. Since its colonization by Cecil Rhodes’ British South Africa Company in 1889 on behalf of Great Britain, the area once known as Southern Rhodesia has experienced a tumultuous history. The white minority gained self-governance in 1922, and a 1930 Land Apportionment Act restricted black ac-cess to land, making many Africans laborers and not land owners. In 1964, the white minor-ity government unsuccessfully sought inde-pendence from Great Britain, and then unilat-erally declared independence a year later under white rule. This move sparked inter-national outrage and economic sanctions, and that regime was never widely recognized by the international community, though the sup-port of white-ruled South Africa enabled the government to limp along. 
Meanwhile, black opposition to minority rule, 
which began in the 1930s, erupted into a gue-rilla war in 1972. Attempts to end the conflict diplomatically failed until the 1979 talks bro-kered by Great Britain resulted in British-su-pervised independence elections. The winner of those elections was Robert Mugabe, leader of the Zimbabwe African National Union, or ZANU, who at age 91 continues to rule this country, in large part through intimidation and manipulation of elections. 
As a hero of the independence and majority 
rule movements, Mugabe has enjoyed the support of many other African leaders, who have considered him an honored elder and have generally declined to join in international efforts to sanction his government. This has placed the United States in an awkward posi-tion, with limited African support for political and economic reforms in Zimbabwe. 
Although many observers have credited the 
Mugabe government with productive manage-ment until fairly recent years, there were polit-ical problems from the beginning of his rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.012 E12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E892 June 12, 2015 
For example, Mugabe fired fellow independ-
ence leader Joshua Nkomo in 1982 and then launched a campaign to suppress what his government called a rebellion by pro-Nkomo forces. The Mugabe regime has been accused of killing thousands of ethnic Ndebele citizens over the next few years to end the supposed rebellion, assisted by military advisors from East Germany and North Korea. 
Once one of the leading industrial nations in 
Africa, Zimbabwe began a long economic downward spiral in the late 1990s. Squatters, with the support of the Zimbabwe government, seized white farms they claimed had been sto-
len by white settlers in the past. Despite gov-ernment assurances, these farms were not transferred to black farm workers, but rather to cronies of the Mugabe government who lacked agricultural experience. Both whites and blacks in Zimbabwe acknowledged that the land policies had been unfair, but the man-ner of addressing this problem led to serious economic problems for the country. 
Agricultural production fell, and the manu-
facturing sector, heavily tied to agriculture, also diminished. Efforts to squeeze currency for shrinking national reserves from busi-nesses, coupled with the disastrous require-ment that businesses use the fictitious ex-change rate, caused retailers to lose money with each sale. The effort to close the many vendors who supplied tourists with souvenirs and citizens with necessary household items 
was yet another milestone in Zimbabwe’s eco-nomic collapse. By 2006, year-on-year infla-tion exceeded 1,000 percent. Devaluation of the currency and the subsequent use of for-eign currency are credited with eventually pre-venting a complete economic collapse. 
Zimbabwe and the United States have had 
a tempestuous relationship since that southern African country emerged from white minority rule. Part of the problem has been resentment by Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe and his closest advisers against the United States for not supporting their liberation movement, 
the backdrop to which was the geopolitical conflict between the Soviet Union and the United States. Another part of the problem has been the justifiable public criticism of repres-sive political policies by the Mugabe govern-ment by successive U.S. administrations. Con-sequently, the minimal communications be-tween our two governments has contributed to suspicions and an inability for U.S. officials to reach out to cooperative Zimbabwe officials. 
Successive elections have been the subject 
of opposition and international criticism for the lack of political space allowed to those who would challenge the ruling ZANU party. Ar-rests, incarcerations, torture in custody, beat-ings at public rallies and demonstrations and disappearances of government opponents have denied legitimacy to the Zimbabwe elec-tion processes. The country’s commitment to 
democratic governance has been further 
placed in question due to a series of repres-sive laws preventing freedoms of speech, as-sociation and movement. 
As if the government’s repressive tactics are 
not troubling enough, political jockeying in Zimbabwe, including the recent dismissal of Vice President Joice Mujuru, places the suc-cession to President Mugabe in doubt, which puts U.S. policy in question. Last week’s hear-ing examined current U.S. policy toward Zimbabwe and the prospects for an enhanced relationship depending on events that have not yet taken place. 
Of course, in foreign policy, one cannot wait 
until a crisis materializes in order to create a planned response. A leader nearing the cen-tury mark, presiding over a fractious political scene in a country that has experienced polit-ical and economic turmoil creates a situation in which planning for a positive outcome to re-gime change must be devised. 
Zimbabwe is a country rich in both natural 
and human potential. Once the resentments of the current old guard have passed and demo-cratic governance can be established, U.S.- Zimbabwe relations can become what they have never been: harmonious and mutually beneficial. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN8.005 E12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D698 Friday, June 12, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 2 p.m., on Monday, June 15, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2745–2766; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 310–314 were introduced.
                 Pages H4342–44 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4344–45 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1190, to repeal the provisions of the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board (H. Rept. 114–150, Part 1); 
H.R. 1991, to extend the authority of the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to carry out the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–151, Part 1); and 
H.R. 2505, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to require the annual reporting of data on enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–152, Part 1).
     Page H4342 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.                            Page H4245 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:44 a.m. and recon-
vened at 10:55 a.m.                                                  Page H4265 
Trade Act of 2015: The House considered the Sen-
ate amendment to H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. Pursuant to the Rule, the question of adoption of the motion was divided.
             Pages H4247–71, H4333–35 Pursuant to the Rule, the first portion of the di-
vided question on concurring in section 212 of the Senate amendment was considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H4333 
On the second portion of the divided question, 
the House failed to concur in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment by a recorded vote of 126 ayes to 302 noes, Roll No. 361.
                                                                          Pages H4333–34 
On the third portion of the divided question, the 
House concurred in the matter preceding title II of the Senate amendment by a recorded vote of 219 ayes to 211 noes, Roll No. 362.
                        Page H4334 
Representative Boehner moved that the House re-
consider the vote on the question of concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment. Subsequently, proceedings on the motion were postponed.
                        Pages H4334–35 
H. Res. 305, the rule providing for consideration 
of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) and the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) was agreed to yesterday, June 11th. 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 
2015: The House agreed to concur in the Senate 
amendment to the title and the Senate amendment to the text of H.R. 644, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and ex-pand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory, with the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–146, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–146, by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 190 noes, Roll No. 363.
                                                      Pages H4271–H4333, H4335 
H. Res. 305, the rule providing for consideration 
of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN5.REC D12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D699 June 12, 2015 
and the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) 
was agreed to yesterday, June 11th. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, June 15th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H4335 
Replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado: The House agreed to take from the 
Speaker’s table and pass S. 1568, to extend the au-thorization to carry out the replacement of the exist-ing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, and to authorize trans-fers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center.
                                                    Pages H4336–37 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H4245. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4333-34, H4334, H4335. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 3:14 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EPA’S PROPOSED OZONE RULE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Proposed Ozone Rule’’. Testimony was heard from Janet McCabe, Acting Assistant Administrator, Air and Radiation, Environmental Protection Agency. 
OVERSIGHT FAILURES BEHIND THE 
RADIOLOGICAL INCIDENT AT DOE’S WASTE ISOLATION PILOT PLANT 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Failures Behind the Radiological Incident at DOE’s Waste Isolation Pilot Plant’’. Testimony was heard from Madelyn R. Creedon, Principal, Dep-uty Administrator, National Nuclear Security Ad-
ministration; Mark Whitney, Acting Assistant Sec-retary for Environmental Management, Department of Energy; and Allison B. Bawden, Acting Director, Natural Resources and Environment, Government Accountability Office. 
U.S. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION: 
TECHNOLOGY DRIVING THE FUTURE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘U.S. Surface Transportation: Tech-nology Driving the Future’’. Testimony was heard from Gregory D. Winfree, Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, Department of Transpor-tation; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
JUNE 15, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on lifting sanctions on Iran, focusing on practical im-plications, 5 p.m., S–116, Capitol. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
business meeting to consider the nominations of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Home-land Security, and David S. Shapira, of Pennsylvania, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2019, 5:30 p.m., S–216, Cap-itol. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
2596, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; H.R. 160, the ‘‘Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1190, the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN5.REC D12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD700 June 12, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, June 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1735, National De-fense Authorization Act. The filing deadline for all first- degree amendments to both the bill and to McCain Amendment No. 1463, will be at 4 p.m. 
At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
nominations of Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, June 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E888, E890, E891 
Costa, Jim, Calif., E891 Culberson, John Abney, Tex., E887 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E888 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E887 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E888 
Foster, Bill, Ill., E891 Heck, Joseph J., Nev., E889 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E890 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E887 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E890 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E890 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va. E890 
Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E889 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E889 
Price, David E., N.C., E889 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E887, E891 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12JN5.REC D12JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST