Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5789 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2015 No. 128 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
September 8, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVE  
WOMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Dear Lord, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
As the Members of this people’s 
House return from a lengthy time in their home districts, in the wake of a great American holiday, we ask Your special blessing upon American work-ers, those fortunate to have jobs during these difficult economic times and those desiring work. May they know and be confident of the nobility and sa-credness of their labor. 
Lord, the task facing the Nation’s 
Congress is a difficult one which will call upon each Member to consider what is best for American workers first. It is the challenge facing all Americans. 
Give the Members wisdom in their 
work that our economy might continue to rebound and our countrymen and -women throughout these United States be able to provide for their fam-ilies and to build lives we have all come to expect for our citizens. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. B URGESS ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. BURGESS led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, August 5, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Au-gust 5, 2015 at 9:18 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1138. 
That the Senate passed S. 1297. That the Senate passed S. 267. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. COMMUNICATION FROM LEGISLA-
TIVE ASSISTANT, THE HONOR-ABLE JODY B. HICE OF GEORGIA, MEMBER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from Timothy H. Reitz, legis-lative assistant, the Honorable J
ODYB. 
HICEof Georgia, Member of Congress: 
WASHINGTON , DC, A UGUST 5, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally, pursuant to rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have received a grand jury subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia, for testimony and docu-ments. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel regarding the subpoena, I will make the determinations required under rule VIII. 
Sincerely, 
T
IMOTHY H. R EITZ, 
Legislative Assistant/Congressman Jody Hice. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, August 6, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Au-gust 6, 2015 at 9:06 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 212. 
That the Senate passed H. Con. Res. 72. That the Senate passed S. 1523. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5790 September 8, 2015 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, August 6, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Au-gust 6, 2015 at 9:28 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 720. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 2559. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 2131. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1531. 
That the Senate passed S. 1707. That the Senate passed S. 1826. That the Senate passed S. 1596. That the Senate passed S. 1362. That the Senate passed S. 1576. That the Senate passed S. 1347. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, August 7, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Au-gust 7, 2015 at 10:59 a.m.: 
Appointments: Commission on Care. Congressional-Executive Commission on 
the People’s Republic of China. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT F. R EEVES , 
Deputy Clerk. 
f 
DEPUTY SHERIFF DARREN 
GOFORTH—TEXAS LAWMAN 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Fri-
day, in the blistering heat of Houston, Texas, 11,000 people, including the Gov-ernor, attended the event; many more stood outside. The ceremony was broadcast live on all four local TV sta-tions. Helicopters flew overhead. Peace officers from the United States, Can-ada, and the United Kingdom were there. The city and State gave their final tribute and respect for one of its fallen—Harris County Deputy Sheriff Darren Goforth. Darren left behind a widow, Kath-
leen, and children: Ava, 12, and Ryan, 5. 
Darren was assassinated the week be-
fore while he was putting gasoline in his patrol car, apparently targeted be-cause he was a peace officer. He was shot in the back of the head 15 times. An individual was quickly captured, and he is charged with capital murder. 
Darren Goforth was a happy guy. He 
loved his family. He loved his second career as a lawman and loved working on old cars. 
Everyone liked Darren. Even a local 
thief posted on social media that Goforth was his favorite police officer. 
Darren loved his kids and recently 
bought his son and himself Captain America t-shirts. Ryan, his son, wore his t-shirt at the funeral. Deputy Goforth was buried in his Captain America t-shirt underneath his uni-form. 
Peace officers like Goforth are a rare 
breed. They rush to emergencies and dangers while most flee from them. Their life is dedicated to serving and protecting others. They are willing to sacrifice everything for the rest of us. Darren Goforth was that type of peace officer. 
Mr. Speaker, when the funeral was 
over and the bagpipers had played ‘‘Amazing Grace’’ and the buglers had played ‘‘Taps,’’ it started to rain, as if the angels above were shedding tears for a remarkable guy, Deputy Sheriff Darren Goforth. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
AMERICA’S 122ND LABOR DAY 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, Monday 
marked the 122nd year that we have honored and celebrated the hard-work-ing men and women of America on Labor Day. 
It is also an occasion to reflect on 
the tremendous progress that the labor movement has made in improving the lives of working families. 
From strengthening pay and working 
conditions to fighting for fair health care and retirement benefits, unions have and will always play a critical role in growing the American middle class. 
However, we still have a long way to 
go. That is why I support raising the minimum wage, expanding the earned income tax credit, and fighting for fair trade agreements so that we can lift up the millions of working families in America still struggling to make ends meet. 
Mr. Speaker, it is simple. Those will-
ing to work should be able to find good jobs. Through their hard work, they should be able to improve their fam-ily’s quality of life. That is the core of the American Dream. 
This Labor Day, let’s recommit our-
selves to building a nation and an econ-omy where that dream is within reach for every American. GOLD KING MINE 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, early 
last month the negligence of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency caused the release of over 3 million gallons of wastewater at the Gold King Mine near Silverton, Colorado, causing arguably the biggest environmental disaster of this year. 
While over the congressional August 
work period, I was able to visit the spill site and, with elected officials, was able to view it for myself. As you can see, there is still considerable ef-fluent coming out of the mouth of that mine as of 2 weeks ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I will just ask: Has any-
one been fired? Has anyone been held accountable at the Environmental Pro-tection Agency for this disaster? No, they have not. 
What would have happened had a pri-
vate company been responsible for a disaster of this order of magnitude? I shudder to think where those people in charge of that company would be today. 
The EPA did not follow its own pro-
cedures. It did not have proper commu-nications equipment at the site of the disaster. They had no satellite phone. They had no radio. 
As a consequence, they did not notify 
local officials until a day later of what had occurred at the mine. They have also refused to answer questions about the potential health risks in the pol-luted water to humans and animals downriver. 
The long-term effects of the EPA’s 
neglect will be unknown, but I submit they will be significant for years to come. 
f 
FRANCIS BELLAMY 
(Mr. COLLINS of New York asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Francis Bellamy, one of the most influ-ential individuals from Mount Morris, New York. Francis Bellamy is the au-thor of the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Today marks the 123rd anniversary of 
the Pledge of Allegiance, which was first published in a magazine called ‘‘The Youth Companion’’ on September 8, 1892. The Pledge was initially writ-ten as part of a campaign to put Amer-ican flags in every school in the coun-try. 
In its original form, it read: ‘‘I pledge 
allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands, one Nation, indi-visible, with liberty and justice for all.’’ 
In 1923, the words, ‘‘the Flag of the 
United States of America’’ were added. In 1954, Congress added the words ‘‘under God,’’ creating the 31-word pledge we say every day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.005 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5791 September 8, 2015 
Bellamy’s words are recited millions 
of times every day and are ingrained in our society as an expression of national pride and patriotism. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL LAND 
CONSERVATION CAUCUS 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, the summer months provided us with an excellent opportunity to get outside and take advantage of the nat-ural resources, great parks, and public lands in our communities. 
In southeastern Pennsylvania, we are 
fortunate that we do not have to go much further than our own backyard to enjoy a wide variety of landscapes and public lands. 
In an effort to prioritize the con-
servation of our public lands, water-ways, natural resources, and public policies related to the same, I recently established the bipartisan Congres-sional Land Conservation Caucus with Representatives J
OEPITTS, EARLBLU-
MENAUER , and M IKETHOMPSON of Cali-
fornia. I appreciate their willingness to support this effort, and I urge my col-leagues to join our caucus. 
It is my hope this group of Members 
will focus on issues related to land con-servation, the protection of natural re-sources, and the preservation of open space across the country. 
I also want to thank Michael 
Rellahan and the Daily Local News for their in-depth observations on the past, present, and future of the Chester County government-led efforts to pro-tect open space. It has been a remark-ably successful program over the past 30 years. 
And, indeed, another county in my 
district, Montgomery County, has fol-lowed in their lead, as have many other counties in Pennsylvania and across the country. 
f 
b1415 
OPPOSE THE IRAN DEAL 
(Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
this much we know about the Iran 
deal. 
It permits Iran to develop nuclear 
weapons in the future. It means $150 billion to Iran, some of which will be used to export terrorism, as President Obama has admitted. It allows Iran to buy weapons, such as intercontinental ballistic missiles. It gives Iran weeks, if not months, of advance notice of any weapons site inspections. 
It includes secret side agreements; 
one prohibits other countries from in-specting a possible nuclear weapons de-velopment site. 
It is being implemented even though 
a majority in the House and the Senate oppose it. The Iran deal destabilizes the Middle 
East, jeopardizes America’s security, and endangers the world. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER 
RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intention to raise a question of the privileges of the House. 
The form of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
Whereas Rule IX of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives states that a question of the privileges of the House ‘‘shall be, first, those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings; and second, those affect-ing the rights, reputation, and conduct of Members, Delegates, or the Resident Commissioner, individually, in their representative capacity only’’; 
Whereas the Iran Nuclear Agreement 
Review Act of 2015 (in this preamble re-ferred to as the ‘‘Review Act’’) was passed by the Senate on May 7, 2015, by a vote of 98-1; 
Whereas the House of Representa-
tives passed the Review Act on May 14, 2015, by a vote of 400-25; 
Whereas the Review Act was signed 
by President Barack Obama on May 22, 2015, becoming Public Law No. 114–17; 
Whereas section 135(a)(1) of the 
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) states, ‘‘Not later than 5 calendar days after reaching an agreement with Iran relat-ing to the nuclear program of Iran, the President shall transmit to the appro-priate congressional committees and leadership—(A) the agreement, as de-fined in subsection (h)(1), including all related materials and annexes’’; 
Whereas section 135(h)(1) of the 
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) states, ‘‘The term ‘agreement’ means an agreement related to the nuclear pro-gram of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political com-mitment or otherwise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint comprehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any ad-ditional materials related thereto, in-cluding annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing mate-rials, documents, and guidance, tech-nical or other understandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agree-ment or to be entered into or imple-mented in the future’’; 
Whereas on July 14, 2015, the Director 
General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (in this preamble re-ferred to as the ‘‘IAEA’’) and the Presi-dent of the Atomic Energy Organiza-tion of Iran signed the ‘‘Roadmap for 
the Clarification of Past and Present Outstanding Issues regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’, which refers to two ‘‘separate arrangements’’ between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas the first of these separate 
arrangements seeks to clarify and re-solve longstanding questions about the possible military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program, including those iden-tified in the IAEA Director General’s report to the Board of Governors, des-ignated ‘‘GOV/2011/65’’; 
Whereas section G(38) of that report 
states, ‘‘Since 2002, the [IAEA] has be-come increasingly concerned about the possible existence in Iran of undis-closed nuclear related activities in-volving military related organizations, including activities related to the de-velopment of a nuclear payload for a missile, about which the [IAEA] has regularly received new information’’; 
Whereas the Roadmap describes the 
second of these separate arrangements as an effort to resolve outstanding issues regarding the military facility at Parchin; 
Whereas in his November 29, 2012, re-
port to the Board of Governors, the Di-rector General of the IAEA stated, ‘‘As you will recall, the [IAEA] has infor-mation indicating that Iran con-structed a large explosives contain-ment vessel at the Parchin site in which to conduct hydrodynamic experi-ments. Despite repeated requests, Iran has still not granted the [IAEA] access to the Parchin site. Satellite imagery shows that extensive activities, includ-ing the removal and replacement of considerable quantities of earth, have taken place at this location. I am con-cerned that these activities will have seriously undermined the [IAEA’s] ability to undertake effective verification. I reiterate my request that Iran, without further delay, pro-vide access to that location and sub-stantive answers to the [IAEA’s] de-tailed questions regarding the Parchin site’’; 
Whereas an August 20, 2015, report by 
the Associated Press includes draft text of the Parchin separate agree-ment, which details a process by which Iran will provide photographs, videos, soil samples, and other materials in lieu of giving the IAEA access to the Parchin site; 
Whereas Dr. Olli Heinonen, a 27-year 
veteran of the IAEA and its former Deputy Director General and chief in-spector, stated, ‘‘Much of the current concerns arise from the reported ar-rangements worked out between the IAEA and Iran in the side documents to address PMD [possible military di-mension] issues. If the reporting is ac-curate, these procedures appear to be risky, departing significantly from well-established and proven safeguards practices. At a broader level, if verification standards have been di-luted for Parchin (or elsewhere) and limits imposed, the ramification is sig-nificant as it will affect the IAEA’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.007 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5792 September 8, 2015 
ability to draw definitive conclusions 
with the requisite level of assurances and without undue hampering of the verification process’’; 
Whereas the self inspection and 
verification by Iran of its own nuclear weapons-related activities performed at the Parchin military facility are in-adequate and incapable of dem-onstrating Iran’s compliance with safe-guards against nuclear weapons devel-opment, as established by the IAEA or the international nuclear agreement with Iran; 
Whereas on July 14, 2015, the P5+1 
(the United States, the United King-dom, France, the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Federation, and Germany) and Iran announced that the parties had agreed to a Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action; 
Whereas section C(13) of the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action requires Iran’s parliament and president to im-plement the Additional Protocol to Iran’s Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement with the IAEA; 
Whereas section C(14) of the agreed 
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action re-quires Iran to fully implement the ‘‘Roadmap for Clarification of Past and Present Outstanding Issues regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’, which was agreed to with the IAEA; 
Whereas the Joint Comprehensive 
Plan of Action is necessarily predi-cated on and interdependent with the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran, all of which are mutually re-inforcing and indivisible; 
Whereas State Department spokes-
man John Kirby issued a public state-ment on July 19, 2015, stating that ‘‘today the State Department trans-mitted to Congress the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, its annexes, and related materials. These docu-ments include the Unclassified Verification Assessment Report on the JCPOA and the Intelligence Commu-nity’s Classified Annex to the Verification Assessment Report, as re-quired under the law. Therefore, Day One of the 60-day review period begins tomorrow, Monday, July 20’’; 
Whereas section 135(c)(1)(E) of the 
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) states, ‘‘it is critically important that Con-gress have the opportunity, in an or-derly and deliberative manner, to con-sider and, as appropriate, take action affecting the statutory sanctions re-gime imposed by Congress’’, thereby providing the right to the House collec-tively, and the Members of the House individually in their representative ca-pacities, to review the Iran nuclear agreement, as defined in section 135(h)(1) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, in order to determine what action, if any, to take; 
Whereas section 135(h)(1) of the 
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) specifi-cally requires the President to provide Congress with the text of ‘‘side agree-ments’’ and ‘‘related agreements’’, in-cluding those agreements ‘‘between 
Iran and any other parties’’; 
Whereas the State Department’s 
transmission to Congress did not in-clude the text or materials relating to the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran and was therefore in-complete as a matter of law; 
Whereas on July 21, 2015, Senate For-
eign Relations Committee Chairman B
OBCORKER and Ranking Member B EN 
CARDIN sent a bipartisan letter to the 
State Department requesting the ac-tual text of the two separate agree-ments between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas on July 22, 2015, Congress-
man M
IKEPOMPEO and Senator T OM 
COTTON , along with the Speaker of the 
House and the Majority Leader of the Senate, sent a letter to the President requesting the text of the two separate agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas on August 4, 2015, Congress-
man P
OMPEO sent a further letter to 
the President, co-signed by the House Majority Leader and 92 other Members of the House, requesting the President to provide the text of the two separate agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas contrary to the law and 
these requests, the President did not provide the text of the separate agree-ments to Congress or any of its Mem-bers; 
Whereas on July 22, 2015, State De-
partment spokesman John Kirby stat-ed, ‘‘There’s no side deals. There’s no secret deals between Iran and the IAEA that the P5+1 has not been briefed on in detail’’; 
Whereas in an August 5, 2015, letter 
to Members of Congress, Assistant Sec-retary of State for Legislative Affairs Julia Frifield contradicted this claim, saying, ‘‘The Roadmap refers to two ‘separate agreements’ between the IAEA and Iran. Within the IAEA sys-tem, such arrangements related to safeguards procedures and inspection activities are confidential and are not released to other member states’’; 
Whereas on July 28, 2015, Secretary of 
State John Kerry told the House For-eign Affairs Committee, in responding to the statement that National Secu-rity Advisor Susan Rice has seen the actual text of the two side agreements, ‘‘I don’t believe Susan Rice, National Security Advisor, has seen it’’; 
Whereas responding further to 
whether he has seen the actual text, Secretary Kerry said, ‘‘No, I haven’t seen it, I’ve been briefed on it’’; 
Whereas on July 29, 2015, Secretary of 
Energy Ernest Moniz stated, ‘‘I, per-sonally, have not seen those docu-ments’’; 
Whereas on July 31, 2015, White 
House Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated, ‘‘Our negotiators were briefed on the contents of that agreement’’ (a reference to the side agreements); 
Whereas being briefed second- or 
third-hand, including by Obama Ad-ministration officials who themselves have not read the actual text of the side agreements, is akin to a game of 
telephone and is not the same thing as allowing Members of Congress to read the actual text of the agreements; 
Whereas the congressional review pe-
riod prescribed in section 135(b) of Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) to re-view the Iran nuclear agreement begins only ‘‘if an agreement, including all materials required to be transmitted to Congress pursuant to subsection (a)(1)’’ is transmitted by the President to the Congress for review; 
Whereas on July 14, 2015, President 
Obama stated, ‘‘This deal is not built on trust. It is built on verification’’ ; 
Whereas it is impossible for the 
President, Congress, and the American people to consider and determine whether to support or oppose an Iran nuclear agreement without reviewing key inspection and verification details contained in the text of the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas the determination by the 
Parliamentarian of the House of Rep-resentatives, acting as an Officer of the House, that the President has trans-mitted to Congress the agreement and related materials as required by law, and therefore to begin counting the elapsing of the congressional review period beginning on July 20, 2015, de-prives the House collectively and the Members of the House individually in their representative capacities, of the right to the review the Iran nuclear agreement; 
Whereas the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
for the legislative day of July 27, 2015, is incorrect, listing under the heading ‘‘Executive Communications’’ the fol-lowing entry: ‘‘A letter from the As-sistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter and attachments satisfying all requirements of Sec. 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (Pub. L. 114–17), as received July 19, 2015; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Ways and Means’’; 
Whereas the House of Representa-
tives is scheduled to vote on a resolu-tion of disapproval of the Iran nuclear agreement as soon as September 9, 2015, a procedure provided for under section 135(e)(4) of the of Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act); 
Whereas such a vote is injurious to 
the integrity of the proceedings of the House as it violates the process pro-vided under section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by sec-tion 2 of the Review Act), which is con-tingent upon both the President’s transmittal of the Iran nuclear agree-ment and all related documents, in-cluding side agreements, and the ob-
servance of the congressional review period provided in such section 135; 
Whereas in her August 5, 2015, letter 
to Members of Congress, Assistant Sec-retary of State Frifield inaccurately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.007 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5793 September 8, 2015 
stated, ‘‘The United States does not 
have a right to demand these [side agreement] documents from the IAEA’’; 
Whereas Dr. Heinonen, the former 
Deputy Director General and chief in-spector of the IAEA stated, ‘‘According to the IAEA rules and practices, such documents could be made available to the members of the IAEA Board’’; 
Whereas Dr. Heinonen further stated, 
‘‘The issue of confidentiality is an im-portant matter for the IAEA. However, it should not be used as a blanket to stop legitimate questions, particularly regarding verification methods at Parchin. Historically, the IAEA has not viewed such issues as confidential. The IAEA and its member states have disclosed much more detailed facility- specific approaches at regular safe-guards symposia. Additionally, in 2007 the IAEA Iran Work Plan addressing outstanding issues, accumulated over several years, was made available to all IAEA member states, and the Board also received a 2012 document from Iran related to very specific PMD [pos-sible military dimensions] questions, which happened while the IAEA was negotiating with Iran for greater clar-ity and access’’; 
Whereas part I, section 5 of IAEA In-
formation Circular 153 provides that ‘‘specific information relating to such implementation [of measures to safe-guard nuclear materials] in the State may be given to the Board of Gov-ernors and to such Agency staff mem-bers as require such knowledge’’; 
Whereas Article VI of the Statute of 
the IAEA authorizes the Board of Gov-ernors of the IAEA to direct the work of the IAEA, including in safeguarding nuclear materials and ensuring the peaceful ends of a participating mem-ber state’s nuclear program; 
Whereas Rule 18 of the Rules of the 
Board of Governors of the IAEA, enti-tled ‘‘Circulation of Documents of Par-ticular Importance’’, establishes proce-dures by which member states of the IAEA Board of Governors may access relevant documents related to their du-ties; 
Whereas the United States serves on 
the Board of Governors of the IAEA and has both the need and the author-ity to access the actual text of the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas on July 30, 2015, White 
House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, speaking on behalf of the President of the United States, stated, ‘‘I will ac-knowledge that I don’t know exactly 
what the requirements are of the Iran Review Act, so I’m not sure exactly what that means [Congress is] asking for’’; 
Whereas on April 6, 2015, White House 
Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated, ‘‘[W]e do believe that Congress should play their rightful role in terms of ulti-mately deciding whether or not the sanctions that Congress passed into law should be removed’’; 
Whereas on April 7, 2015, White House 
Press Secretary Josh Earnest further stated, ‘‘[M]embers of Congress should 
consider the agreement and decide whether or not the President has achieved his stated objective of pre-venting Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, shutting down every pathway they have and making them cooperate with the most intrusive set of inspec-tions that have ever been imposed on a country’s nuclear program’’; 
Whereas the Joint Comprehensive 
Plan of Action, which was negotiated and agreed to by the Obama Adminis-tration, fails to accomplish those ob-jectives; 
Whereas any recognition by the 
House of Representatives of the trans-mittal by the President of an Iran nu-clear agreement that does not include all of the materials required by law, in-cluding the text of the 2 side agree-ments agreed to between the IAEA and Iran, violates the rights of the Mem-bers of the House individually in their representative capacity, impeding their ability to make a fully informed decision on how to vote on behalf of their constituents, as conceived and provided for in the enactment of the Review Act; 
Whereas Director of National Intel-
ligence James Clapper has labeled Iran the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism; 
Whereas the Web site White-
House.gov states that Iran currently has a 2-3 month breakout time to build a nuclear bomb; 
Whereas legislative action on an Iran 
nuclear agreement is one of the most important issues that will ever come before the House, as it directly affects the safety and security of the Members of the House and their constituents; 
Whereas the taking of legislative ac-
tion without reasonable consideration and knowledge damages the reputation and credibility of the House collec-tively and its Members individually in their representative capacities; and 
Whereas the President’s failure to 
follow a law that he signed is an af-front to the dignity of the House and cannot be ignored: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Rep-
resentatives— 
(1) reaffirms its legal right to obtain 
all materials, including the full text of all side agreements, comprising the Iran nuclear agreement, as defined in section 135(h)(1) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as enacted by section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Review Act’’), which was signed into law by President Obama; 
(2) directs the Parliamentarian of the 
House of Representatives not to recog-nize, for purposes of determining the dates of the congressional review pe-riod prescribed in section 135(b) of Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act), any agreement and related documents sub-mitted by the President that do not in-clude the actual text of the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran; (3) directs the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives and the Officers of the House to correct Executive Commu-nication numbered 2207, appearing on page 5522 in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
of the legislative day of July 27, 2015, to state the following: ‘‘A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting a letter and attachments which does not satisfy all requirements of Sec. 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (Pub. L. 114–17), as received July 19, 2015; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means’’; 
(4) instructs the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives to dispatch without delay a notification to the President, on behalf of the whole House, entitled ‘‘Failure to Follow the Law’’ and stating that— 
(A) the President’s transmittal of 
that agreement to the House is incom-plete as a matter of law; 
(B) consequently, the congressional 
review period provided in section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as en-acted by section 2 of the Review Act) has not begun; and 
(C) pursuant to section 135(b)(3) of 
the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as so enacted), until the end of the congres-sional review period, ‘‘the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, pro-vide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a)’’; 
(5) instructs the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives, on behalf of the whole House, to return the agree-ment and related materials provided in the President’s transmission of July 19, 2015, in order that the President may provide a full and complete trans-mission of all materials required by law, including the text of side agree-ments; and 
(6) instructs the Speaker to take 
such actions as may be necessary to provide an appropriate remedy to en-sure that the integrity of the legisla-tive process is protected and to report his actions and recommendations to the House. 
b1438 
And, Mr. Speaker, if you didn’t catch 
it, I am happy to repeat it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. 
Pending that designation, the form of 
the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from Illinois will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.007 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5794 September 8, 2015 
The Chair will not at this point de-
termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by Speaker pro tempore H
ARRIS on Thursday, Au-
gust 6, 2015: 
H.R. 212, to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to provide for the assess-ment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 1138, to establish certain wilder-
ness areas in central Idaho and to au-thorize various land conveyances in-volving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other pur-poses; 
H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Fed-eral land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent posi-tions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 2131, to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’; 
H.R. 2559, to designate the ‘‘PFC Mil-
ton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 39 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ) at 4 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
EARLY HEARING DETECTION AND 
INTERVENTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1344) to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of- hearing newborns, infants, and young children, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1344 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may cited as the ‘‘Early Hearing De-
tection and Intervention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: 
(1) Deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, in-
fants, toddlers, and young children require ac-cess to specialized early intervention providers and programs in order to help them meet their linguistic and cognitive potential. 
(2) Families of deaf and hard-of-hearing 
newborns, infants, toddlers, and young children benefit from comprehensive early intervention programs that assist them in supporting their child’s development in all domains. 
(3) Best practices principles for early interven-
tion for deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, in-fants, toddlers, and young children have been identified in a range of areas including listening and spoken language and visual and signed language acquisition, family-to-family support, support from individuals who are deaf or hard- of-hearing, progress monitoring, and others. 
(4) Effective hearing screening and early 
intervention programs must be in place to iden-tify hearing levels in deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, toddlers, and young children so that they may access appropriate early inter-vention programs in a timely manner. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM FOR 
EARLY DETECTION, DIAGNOSIS, AND TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARD-OF-HEARING NEWBORNS, IN-FANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN. 
Section 399M of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 280g–1) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 399M. EARLY DETECTION, DIAGNOSIS, AND 
TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARD-OF-HEARING NEWBORNS, IN-FANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN. 
‘‘(a) H EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES AD-
MINISTRATION .—The Secretary, acting through 
the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, shall make awards of grants or cooperative agreements to develop statewide newborn, infant, and young child-hood hearing screening, diagnosis, evaluation, and intervention programs and systems, and to assist in the recruitment, retention, education, and training of qualified personnel and health care providers for the following purposes: 
‘‘(1) To develop and monitor the efficacy of 
statewide programs and systems for hearing screening of newborns, infants, and young chil-dren, prompt evaluation and diagnosis of chil-dren referred from screening programs, and ap-propriate educational, audiological, and medical interventions for children confirmed to be deaf or hard-of-hearing, consistent with the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Early intervention includes referral to 
and delivery of information and services by or-ganizations such as schools and agencies (in-cluding community, consumer, and parent-based agencies), pediatric medical homes, and other programs mandated by part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, which offer programs specifically designed to meet the unique language and communication needs of deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
‘‘(B) Information provided to parents must be 
accurate, comprehensive, and, where appro-priate, evidence-based, allowing families to make important decisions for their child in a 
timely way, including decisions relating to all possible assistive hearing technologies (such as hearing aids, cochlear implants, and osseointegrated devices) and communication op-tions (such as visual and sign language, listen-ing and spoken language, or both). 
‘‘(C) Programs and systems under this para-
graph shall offer mechanisms that foster family- to-family and deaf and hard-of-hearing con-sumer-to-family supports. 
‘‘(2) To develop efficient models (both edu-
cational and medical) to ensure that newborns, infants, and young children who are identified through hearing screening receive followup by 
qualified early intervention providers, qualified health care providers, or pediatric medical homes (including by encouraging State agencies to adopt such models). 
‘‘(3) To provide for a technical resource center 
in conjunction with the Maternal and Child Health Bureau of the Health Resources and Services Administration— 
‘‘(A) to provide technical support and edu-
cation for States; and 
‘‘(B) to continue development and enhance-
ment of State early hearing detection and inter-vention programs. 
‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , DATAMANAGE -
MENT , ANDAPPLIED RESEARCH .— 
‘‘(1) C ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PRE -
VENTION .—The Secretary, acting through the 
Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall make awards of grants or co-operative agreements to State agencies or their designated entities for development, mainte-nance, and improvement of data tracking and surveillance systems on newborn, infant, and young childhood hearing screenings, audiologic evaluations, medical evaluations, and interven-tion services; to conduct applied research re-lated to services and outcomes, and provide technical assistance related to newborn, infant, and young childhood hearing screening, evalua-tion, and intervention programs, and informa-tion systems; to ensure high-quality monitoring of hearing screening, evaluation, and interven-tion programs and systems for newborns, in-fants, and young children; and to coordinate developing standardized procedures for data management and assessing program and cost ef-fectiveness. The awards under the preceding sentence may be used— 
‘‘(A) to provide technical assistance on data 
collection and management; 
‘‘(B) to study and report on the costs and ef-
fectiveness of newborn, infant, and young child-hood hearing screening, evaluation, diagnosis, intervention programs, and systems; 
‘‘(C) to collect data and report on newborn, 
infant, and young childhood hearing screening, evaluation, diagnosis, and intervention pro-grams and systems that can be used— 
‘‘(i) for applied research, program evaluation, 
and policy development; and 
‘‘(ii) to answer issues of importance to State 
and national policymakers; 
‘‘(D) to identify the causes and risk factors for 
congenital hearing loss; 
‘‘(E) to study the effectiveness of newborn, in-
fant, and young childhood hearing screening, audiologic evaluations, medical evaluations, and intervention programs and systems by as-sessing the health, intellectual and social devel-opmental, cognitive, and hearing status of these children at school age; and 
‘‘(F) to promote the integration, linkage, and 
interoperability of data regarding early hearing loss and multiple sources to increase informa-tion exchanges between clinical care and public health including the ability of States and terri-tories to exchange and share data. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH .—The 
Director of the National Institutes of Health, acting through the Director of the National In-stitute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, shall, for purposes of this section, continue a program of research and develop-ment related to early hearing detection and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.009 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5795 September 8, 2015 
intervention, including development of tech-
nologies and clinical studies of screening meth-ods, efficacy of interventions, and related re-search. 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out programs 
under this section, the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Director of the Na-tional Institutes of Health shall collaborate and consult with— 
‘‘(A) other Federal agencies; ‘‘(B) State and local agencies, including those 
responsible for early intervention services pursu-ant to title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (Medicaid Early and Peri-odic Screening, Diagnosis and Treatment Pro-gram); title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.) (State Children’s Health Insurance Program); title V of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 701 et seq.) (Maternal and Child Health Block Grant Program); and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) consumer groups of and that serve indi-
viduals who are deaf and hard-of-hearing and their families; 
‘‘(D) appropriate national medical and other 
health and education specialty organizations; 
‘‘(E) persons who are deaf and hard-of-hear-
ing and their families; 
‘‘(F) other qualified professional personnel 
who are proficient in deaf or hard-of-hearing children’s language and who possess the spe-cialized knowledge, skills, and attributes needed to serve deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, in-fants, toddlers, children, and their families; 
‘‘(G) third-party payers and managed-care or-
ganizations; and 
‘‘(H) related commercial industries. ‘‘(2) P
OLICY DEVELOPMENT .—The Adminis-
trator of the Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration, the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, and the Director of the National Institutes of Health shall coordi-nate and collaborate on recommendations for policy development at the Federal and State lev-els and with the private sector, including con-sumer, medical, and other health and education professional-based organizations, with respect to newborn, infant, and young childhood hear-ing screening, evaluation, diagnosis, and inter-vention programs and systems. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE EARLY DETECTION , DIAGNOSIS , AND 
INTERVENTION PROGRAMS AND SYSTEMS ; DATA  
COLLECTION .—The Administrator of the Health 
Resources and Services Administration and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall coordinate and collaborate in assisting States— 
‘‘(A) to establish newborn, infant, and young 
childhood hearing screening, evaluation, diag-nosis, and intervention programs and systems under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) to develop a data collection system under 
subsection (b). 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ; RELIGIOUS AC-
COMMODATION .—Nothing in this section shall be 
construed to preempt or prohibit any State law, including State laws which do not require the screening for hearing loss of newborns, infants, or young children of parents who object to the screening on the grounds that such screening conflicts with the parents’ religious beliefs. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘audiologic’, when used in con-
nection with evaluation, refers to procedures— 
‘‘(A) to assess the status of the auditory sys-
tem; 
‘‘(B) to establish the site of the auditory dis-
order, the type and degree of hearing loss, and the potential effects of hearing loss on commu-nication; and 
‘‘(C) to identify appropriate treatment and re-
ferral options, including— 
‘‘(i) linkage to State coordinating agencies 
under part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) or other 
appropriate agencies; 
‘‘(ii) medical evaluation; ‘‘(iii) hearing aid/sensory aid assessment; 
‘‘(iv) audiologic rehabilitation treatment; and ‘‘(v) referral to national and local consumer, 
self-help, parent, and education organizations, and other family-centered services. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘early intervention’ refers to— ‘‘(A) providing appropriate services for the 
child who is deaf or hard of hearing, including nonmedical services; and 
‘‘(B) ensuring the family of the child is— ‘‘(i) provided comprehensive, consumer-ori-
ented information about the full range of family support, training, information services, and lan-guage and communication options; and 
‘‘(ii) given the opportunity to consider and ob-
tain the full range of such appropriate services, educational and program placements, and other options for their child from highly qualified pro-viders. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘medical evaluation’ refers to 
key components performed by a physician, in-cluding history, examination, and medical deci-sionmaking focused on symptomatic and related body systems for the purpose of diagnosing the etiology of hearing loss and related physical conditions, and for identifying appropriate treatment and referral options. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘medical intervention’ refers to 
the process by which a physician provides med-ical diagnosis and direction for medical or sur-gical treatment options for hearing loss or re-lated medical disorders. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘newborn, infant, and young 
childhood hearing screening’ refers to objective physiologic procedures to detect possible hearing loss and to identify newborns, infants, and young children who require further audiologic evaluations and medical evaluations. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATEWIDE NEWBORN , INFANT , AND YOUNG  
CHILDHOOD HEARING SCREENING , EVALUATION  
AND INTERVENTION PROGRAMS AND SYSTEMS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out subsection (a), there is authorized to be appropriated to the Health Resources and Services Administration $17,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , DATA MANAGE -
MENT , AND APPLIED RESEARCH ; CENTERS FOR DIS -
EASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION .—For the pur-
pose of carrying out subsection (b)(1), there is authorized to be appropriated to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention $10,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , DATA MANAGE -
MENT , AND APPLIED RESEARCH ; NATIONAL INSTI -
TUTE ON DEAFNESS AND OTHER COMMUNICATION  
DISORDERS .—No additional funds are authorized 
to be appropriated for the purpose of carrying out subsection (b)(2). Such subsection shall be carried out using funds which are otherwise au-thorized (under section 402A or other provisions of law) to be appropriated for such purpose.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased that, today, the House 
is considering H.R. 1344, the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015. This bipartisan bill sets a strong precedent for working together on the many big issues before Congress this month. 
This bill, which I introduced along 
with Congresswoman L
OISCAPPS , reau-
thorizes the program for the early de-tection, diagnosis, and treatment of deaf and hard of hearing newborns, in-fants, and young children. 
H.R. 1344 encourages hearing tests 
and intervention for newborn babies. Through early detection, these chil-dren and their families can be made aware of a child’s hearing loss and given access to specialized early inter-vention providers and programs in order to help children meet their po-tential. This reauthorization increases the focus on loss to followup. So those children whose hearing loss is identi-fied don’t just stop with identification; they may go on to receive interven-tion, treatment, or an introduction to deaf services. 
This program has proven success. In 
2000, only 40 percent of newborns were screened for hearing loss. That number rose to just over 86 percent in 2011, and, today, the CDC reports that, roughly, 97 percent of all infant children are screened for hearing loss. 
In closing, I want to thank my col-
league, Congresswoman C
APPS , for her 
leadership over the years on this im-portant bipartisan issue. I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 1344 so we can continue these vital services for new-born babies and young children. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1344, the 
Early Hearing Detection and Interven-tion Act. This important legislation is led by Representatives L
OISCAPPS and 
BRETT GUTHRIE , both members of our 
committee. 
Beginning in 2000, Congress took 
steps to facilitate the development of newborn and infant screening and intervention programs. This bill reau-thorizes and makes further improve-ments to the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Program, which sup-ports detection and treatment for hear-ing-impaired newborns and young chil-dren. 
The early identification of a child’s 
hearing loss increases the likelihood that intervention and treatment serv-ices can successfully prevent or limit developmental delays. Research shows that it can significantly improve qual-ity of life and education outcomes for children with hearing impairments. The vast majority of deaf children are born to parents who do not have im-paired hearing and who, therefore, may not be able to identify their children’s conditions early on. The outreach serv-ices provided for by the program reau-thorized in this bill may help ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.008 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5796 September 8, 2015 
that children and their parents receive 
appropriate screenings and followup. 
I want to thank Representatives 
CAPPS and G UTHRIE for their leadership 
on this issue. I thank Chairman U PTON , 
Ranking Member P ALLONE , and Chair-
man P ITTS for their work to advance 
this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1344, the Early Hearing Detection and Interven-tion Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further requests for time, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ), my colleague and a cosponsor 
of the bill. 
Mrs. CAPPS. I thank my colleague 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 1344, the Early Hearing Detec-tion and Intervention Act, which I was so pleased to coauthor with my col-league from Kentucky, Congressman B
RETT GUTHRIE . 
Hearing loss in newborns is consid-
ered an invisible disability. Almost 3 out of every 1,000 children in the United States are born deaf or hard of hearing, and even more children lose their hearing later on during child-hood. When hearing loss is left unde-tected, it can impede speech, language, and cognitive development; but we know that, when hearing loss is caught early, children have much better out-comes. In fact, early intervention can help children overcome hearing issues and get them ready to learn on par with their peers. 
That is exactly what the Early Hear-
ing Detection and Intervention Act does, pronounced ‘‘Eddie.’’ As it is commonly called, EHDI has helped families in all 50 States and the Dis-trict of Columbia identify children in need of care early when interventions are most effective. 
By all accounts, this program has 
worked. Since the implementation of the EHDI program 15 years ago, we have seen a tremendous increase in the number of newborns who are being screened for hearing loss. Back in 2000, when we first set up the EHDI program, only 44 percent of newborns in the country were being screened for hear-ing loss. Now we are screening newborns at a rate of over 96 percent. This is a remarkable achievement, but our work is not done. 
While it is important that all babies 
are screened for hearing loss, it is just as important that those babies who do not pass this screening receive a diag-nostic evaluation and be connected to early intervention programs. Unfortu-nately, according to the Centers for Disease Control, 36 percent of newborns who fail their initial hearing screenings are not receiving appro-priate followup care. This reauthoriza-tion effort will focus on those children, helping to bridge the gap between screening and intervention. My background is as a school nurse 
for over 20 years, and I have worked with so many students who were lag-ging behind their classmates due to undiagnosed or untreated hearing loss. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mrs. CAPPS. These children did not 
need to suffer. We can and must help them succeed through stronger invest-ments in followup and interventions, such as sign language training, hearing aids, and speech-language develop-ment. Early identification and inter-vention are both keys to a child’s well- being. 
Our legislation would ensure that 
these programs are there for the chil-dren who need them. A vote for this bill is a vote to keep this program strong. I urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan bill. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I urge the support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, in clos-
ing, I thank my friend from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) so much for our working 
together to move this bipartisan bill 
forward. I thank our subcommittee ranking member, Mr. G
REEN , and our 
chairman, Chairman P ITTS. 
I was involved in this effort in Ken-
tucky when I was in the State Senate. I have seen the difference that it makes, and I am glad to be involved in this on a national level. Knowing that 97 percent of our babies are screened so they can get intervention and treat-ment very early in their lives makes a big difference. I am proud to be a part of this, and I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1344. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 
1344, the ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Inter-vention Act of 2015’’ introduced by my col-leagues Representatives C
APPS and G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1344, would reauthorize the Early 
Hearing Detection and Intervention Program. Prior to the creation of this program, less than 50 percent of all newborns were regularly screened for hearing loss. I’m proud to say that thanks to this program about 97 percent of newborns now receive a hearing screening. Through this program, children gain early ac-cess to interventions and treatments that are critical in minimizing a hearing-impaired child’s risk of developmental delays, especially com-munication, social skills and cognition. H.R. 1344 would ensure that we continue to sup-port this valuable public health program that has a proven track record of success. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1344, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. NATIONAL ALL SCHEDULES PRE-
SCRIPTION ELECTRONIC RE-PORTING REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1725) to amend and reauthorize the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Pub-lic Health Service Act, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1725 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National All 
Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO PURPOSE. 
Paragraph (1) of section 2 of the National 
All Schedules Prescription Electronic Re-porting Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–60) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) foster the establishment of State-ad-
ministered controlled substance monitoring systems in order to ensure that— 
‘‘(A) health care providers have access to 
the accurate, timely prescription history in-formation that they may use as a tool for the early identification of patients at risk for addiction in order to initiate appropriate medical interventions and avert the tragic personal, family, and community con-sequences of untreated addiction; and 
‘‘(B) appropriate law enforcement, regu-
latory, and State professional licensing au-thorities have access to prescription history information for the purposes of investigating drug diversion and prescribing and dis-pensing practices of errant prescribers or pharmacists; and’’. 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENTS TO CONTROLLED SUB-
STANCE MONITORING PROGRAM. 
Section 399O of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to maintain and operate an existing 
State-controlled substance monitoring pro-gram.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘by the 
Secretary’’ after ‘‘Grants awarded’’; 
(2) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall maintain and, as appropriate, supplement or revise (after publishing pro-posed additions and revisions in the Federal Register and receiving public comments thereon) minimum requirements for criteria to be used by States for purposes of clauses (ii), (v), (vi), and (vii) of subsection (c)(1)(A).’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘(a)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(1)(B) or (a)(1)(C)’’; 
(ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘program to 
be improved’’ and inserting ‘‘program to be improved or maintained’’; 
(iii) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) 
as clauses (iv) and (v), respectively; 
(iv) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(iii) a plan to apply the latest advances in 
health information technology in order to incorporate prescription drug monitoring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5797 September 8, 2015 
program data directly into the workflow of 
prescribers and dispensers to ensure timely access to patients’ controlled prescription drug history;’’; 
(v) in clause (iv), as redesignated, by in-
serting before the semicolon at the end ‘‘and at least one health information technology system such as an electronic health records system, a health information exchange, or an e-prescribing system’’; and 
(vi) in clause (v), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘public health’’ and inserting ‘‘public health or public safety’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘If a State that submits’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a State that sub-
mits’’; 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘and include timelines for full im-plementation of such interoperability. The 
State shall also describe the manner in which it will achieve interoperability be-tween its monitoring program and health in-formation technology systems, as allowable under State law, and include timelines for implementation of such interoperability.’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
ONITORING OF EFFORTS .—The Sec-
retary shall monitor State efforts to achieve interoperability, as described in subpara-graph (A).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘implement or improve’’ 
and inserting ‘‘establish, improve, or main-tain’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘The Secretary shall redistribute any funds that are so returned among the remaining grantees under this section in accordance with the formula described in subsection (a)(2)(B).’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘In implementing or im-
proving’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(a)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘In establishing, improving, or maintaining a controlled sub-stance monitoring program under this sec-tion, a State shall comply, or with respect to a State that applies for a grant under sub-paragraph (B) or (C) of subsection (a)(1)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘public health’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘public health or public safety’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The State shall report to the Sec-
retary on— 
‘‘(A) as appropriate, interoperability with 
the controlled substance monitoring pro-grams of Federal departments and agencies; 
‘‘(B) as appropriate, interoperability with 
health information technology systems such as electronic health records systems, health information exchanges, and e-prescribing systems; and 
‘‘(C) whether or not the State provides 
automatic, real-time or daily information about a patient when a practitioner (or the designee of a practitioner, where permitted) requests information about such patient.’’; 
(5) in subsections (e), (f)(1), and (g), by 
striking ‘‘implementing or improving’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘establishing, improving, or maintaining’’; 
(6) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘mis-
use of a schedule II, III, or IV substance’’ and inserting ‘‘misuse of a controlled substance included in schedule II, III, or IV of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substance Act’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘a 
State substance abuse agency,’’ after ‘‘a State health department,’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING .—Subject 
to subsection (g), a State receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall provide the Sec-retary with aggregate data and other infor-mation determined by the Secretary to be necessary to enable the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) to evaluate the success of the State’s 
program in achieving its purposes; or 
‘‘(B) to prepare and submit the report to 
Congress required by subsection (l)(2). 
‘‘(4) R
ESEARCH BY OTHER ENTITIES .—A de-
partment, program, or administration re-ceiving nonidentifiable information under paragraph (1)(D) may make such information available to other entities for research pur-poses.’’; 
(7) by redesignating subsections (h) 
through (n) as subsections (j) through (p), re-spectively; 
(8) in subsections (c)(1)(A)(iv) and (d)(4), by 
striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subsection (j)’’; 
(9) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(h) E
DUCATION AND ACCESS TO THE MONI-
TORING SYSTEM .—A State receiving a grant 
under subsection (a) shall take steps to— 
‘‘(1) facilitate prescriber and dispenser use 
of the State’s controlled substance moni-toring system; 
‘‘(2) educate prescribers and dispensers on 
the benefits of the system both to them and society; and 
‘‘(3) facilitate linkage to the State sub-
stance abuse agency and substance abuse dis-order services. 
‘‘(i) C
ONSULTATION WITHATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL .—In carrying out this section, the Sec-
retary shall consult with the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States and other relevant Federal officials to— 
‘‘(1) ensure maximum coordination of con-
trolled substance monitoring programs and related activities; and 
‘‘(2) minimize duplicative efforts and fund-
ing.’’; 
(10) in subsection (l)(2)(A), as redesignated 
by paragraph (7)— 
(A) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘; estab-
lished or strengthened initiatives to ensure linkages to substance use disorder services;’’ before ‘‘or affected patient access’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘and be-
tween controlled substance monitoring pro-grams and health information technology systems’’ before ‘‘, including an assessment’’; 
(11) by striking subsection (m) (relating to 
preference), as redesignated by paragraph (7); 
(12) by redesignating subsections (n) 
through (p), as redesignated by paragraph (7), as subsections (m) through (o), respec-tively; 
(13) in subsection (m)(1), as redesignated by 
paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘establishment, implementation, or improvement’’ and in-serting ‘‘establishment, improvement, or maintenance’’; 
(14) in subsection (n), as redesignated by 
paragraph (12)— 
(A) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘means the ability’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) the ability’’; (ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) sharing of State controlled substance 
monitoring program information with a health information technology system such as an electronic health records system, a health information exchange, or an e-pre-scribing system.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘phar-
macy’’ and inserting ‘‘pharmacist’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and the 
District of Columbia’’ and inserting ‘‘, the District of Columbia, and any common-wealth or territory of the United States’’; 
and 
(15) by amending subsection (o), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (12), to read as follows: 
‘‘(o) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fis-cal years from 2016 through 2020.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1725, 
the National All Schedules Prescrip-tion Electronic Reporting Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, introduced by my col-leagues Mr. W
HITFIELD , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. P ALLONE . 
Prescription drug abuse is an epi-
demic in this country, and, sadly, Ken-tucky is impacted by high rates of pre-scription drug abuse. Every year, there are 15,000 overdose deaths from pre-scription pain relievers. For every overdose death, there are an estimated 10 addiction treatment admissions and 32 emergency department visits. One important tool we have as a nation to combat this epidemic is Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs. They pre-vent doctor shopping and help physi-cians make more informed clinical de-cisions. 
Reauthorizing NASPER would pro-
vide grant support to States to estab-lish Prescription Drug Monitoring Pro-grams. Healthcare providers can access a patient’s prescription history through the PDMP to help them iden-tify patients at risk for addiction or those who are abusing prescription drugs. NASPER also helps identify best practices for new PDMPs and ways to improve existing monitoring programs. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1725, the Na-
tional All Schedules Prescription Elec-tronic Reporting Reauthorization Act. This important legislation is sponsored by Ranking Member P
ALLONE , Rep-
resentatives J OEKENNEDY and E D 
WHITFIELD , and Congressman L ARRY  
BUCSHON . 
The reauthorization of NASPER is 
urgently needed to ensure that physi-cians have patient-specific information through Prescription Drug Monitoring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.009 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5798 September 8, 2015 
Programs, PDMPs, at the point of care. 
As its name suggests, PDMPs help phy-sicians and other providers make ap-propriate prescribing decisions while ensuring that patients with legitimate pain management needs have access to necessary care. We are in the middle of an epidemic of prescription drug opioid misuse and overdose. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, in 2013, more than 16,000 Amer-icans died from an opioid-related over-dose. 
PDMPs are an integral part of our 
Nation’s effort to combat the ongoing opioid and prescription drug epidemic. They allow for the early identification of at-risk patients and timely interven-tion to prevent prescription drug abuse. States have recognized that PDMPs are a vital tool to address this public health crisis as demonstrated by their universal adoption amongst the States. 
H.R. 1725 reauthorizes grants to 
States to enhance their PDMPs, and it makes further improvements to the programs. Funding for PDMPs is need-ed to help States utilize this effective tool, to incentivize information shar-ing across State lines, and to further the implementation of best practices. 
I want to thank Ranking Member 
P
ALLONE and Representatives K EN-
NEDY , W HITFIELD , and B UCSHON for 
their leadership. I also want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Com-merce Committee for their commit-ment to addressing our Nation’s opioid epidemic. I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 1725. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1615 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ), who has 
worked tirelessly on these issues in the Energy and Commerce Committee and back home to try to address the pre-scription drug problem in our State. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 1725, the Na-tional All Schedules Prescription Elec-tronic Reporting Reauthorization Act, as we call it, NASPER. 
I introduced this legislation earlier 
this year with my colleagues, Con-gressman L
ARRY BUCSHON of Indiana, 
FRANK PALLONE of New Jersey, and J OE 
KENNEDY of Massachusetts. 
I want to thank Chairman U PTON , 
Ranking Member P ALLONE , as well as 
Subcommittee Chair P ITTS, Ranking 
Member G REEN , and Congressman 
GUTHRIE for helping move this bill 
through the committee and sub-committee. 
It has already been stated, the impor-
tance of this legislation to reauthorize NASPER. Prescription drug overdose death is reaching an epidemic propor-tion. Tragically, it has increased in America by fivefold since 1980, and drug overdose now kills more Ameri-cans than automobile accidents. 
In my home State of Kentucky, more 
than 1,000 individuals die each year from prescription drug overdose, which 
is the third highest rate in the country. 
Ten years ago NASPER was signed 
into law to assist States in combating 
prescription drug abuse through the creation and improvement of prescrip-tion drug-monitoring programs, which experts agree are one of the most promising clinical tools to address this epidemic. 
So today we come to the floor to re-
authorize this important legislation, and I hope that we can continue our ef-forts to obtain adequate funding from the Appropriations Committee for NASPER. 
While there is no silver bullet to 
solve the problem, we do have an op-portunity to make a difference by ad-vancing this reauthorization act. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting that effort. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), a colleague, friend, 
neighbor—our districts are joined on the Ohio River—who is a physician who understands these issues. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today as an original coauthor of this legislation, H.R. 1725. The reauthoriza-tion of NASPER would allow SAMHSA to provide grants to States for the es-tablishment, implementation, and im-provement of prescription drug-moni-toring programs, or PDMPs, offering timely access to accurate prescription information for healthcare providers. 
As a physician, I understand this is 
critical to a provider’s ability to screen and treat patients at risk for addiction. 
The NASPER program also promotes 
greater information sharing among States by requiring grantees to facili-tate these monitoring programs with at least one bordering State while si-multaneously protecting against unau-thorized access to patient records. 
This reauthorization language would 
also encourage States to explore ways to incorporate access to their PDMPs into provider workflow systems, such as electronic health records and e-pre-scribing. Given the growing problem of prescription drug abuse, this is a com-monsense measure to protect the pub-lic. 
I want to thank Mr. W
HITFIELD , Mr. 
KENNEDY , and Ranking Member P AL-
LONE for their work on this legislation. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this important bill. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I have no further speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate Mr. W
HITFIELD , Dr. 
BUCSHON , certainly Mr. K ENNEDY , and 
Mr. P ALLONE for bringing this forward. 
It is important. It is important to my State, and it is important to our neigh-boring States and citizens throughout this country. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 
1725. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased 
to support H.R. 1725, the ‘‘National All Sched-ules Prescription Electronic Reporting (NASPER) Reauthorization Act,’’ which helps States establish and maintain prescription drug monitoring programs in order to combat prescription drug abuse, a public health crisis affecting communities across the country. I have been a long-time champion of this bill with my colleague Representative W
HITFIELD  
and I am pleased that Representatives K EN-
NEDY and B UCSHON joined our efforts this Con-
gress to reauthorize the NASPER program. 
Prescription drug monitoring programs help 
prescribers, pharmacists, and law enforcement track and prevent the misuse of prescription drugs. Forty nine states currently have laws authorizing these programs and they are play-ing a critical role in our efforts to combat the opioid crisis. This bill, however, once passed into law, will need funding and investment by appropriators in order to be effective. I urge Members to ensure that investment is met. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1725, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR INFANTS ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1462) to combat the rise of pre-natal opioid abuse and neonatal absti-nence syndrome. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1462 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Our Infants Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: 
(1) Opioid prescription rates have risen dra-
matically over the past several years. Ac-cording to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in some States, there are as many as 96 to 143 prescriptions for opioids per 100 adults per year. 
(2) In recent years, there has been a steady 
rise in the number of overdose deaths involv-ing heroin. According to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, the death rate for heroin overdose doubled from 2010 to 2012. 
(3) At the same time, there has been an in-
crease in cases of neonatal abstinence syn-drome (referred to in this section as ‘‘NAS’’). In the United States, the incidence of NAS has risen from 1.20 per 1,000 hospital births in 2000 to 3.39 per 1,000 hospital births in 2009. 
(4) NAS refers to medical issues associated 
with drug withdrawal in newborns due to ex-posure to opioids or other drugs in utero. 
(5) The average cost of treatment in a hos-
pital for NAS increased from $39,400 in 2000 to $53,400 in 2009. Most of these costs are born by the Medicaid program. 
(6) Preventing opioid abuse among preg-
nant women and women of childbearing age is crucial. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.014 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5799 September 8, 2015 
(7) Medically appropriate opioid use in 
pregnancy is not uncommon, and opioids are often the safest and most appropriate treat-ment for moderate to severe pain for preg-nant women. 
(8) Addressing NAS effectively requires a 
focus on women of childbearing age, preg-nant women, and infants from preconception through early childhood. 
(9) NAS can result from the use of prescrip-
tion drugs as prescribed for medical reasons, from the abuse of prescription drugs, or from the use of illegal opioids like heroin. 
(10) For pregnant women who are abusing 
opioids, it is most appropriate to treat and manage maternal substance use in a non-pu-nitive manner. 
(11) According to a report of the Govern-
ment Accountability Office (referred to in this section as the ‘‘GAO report’’), more re-search is needed to optimize the identifica-tion and treatment of babies with NAS and to better understand long-term impacts on children. 
(12) According to the GAO report, the De-
partment of Health and Human Services does not have a focal point to lead planning and coordinating efforts to address prenatal opioid use and NAS across the department. 
(13) According to the GAO report, ‘‘given 
the increasing use of heroin and abuse of opioids prescribed for pain management, as well as the increased rate of NAS in the United States, it is important to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of planning and coordination of Federal efforts on prenatal opioid use and NAS’’. 
SEC. 3. DEVELOPING RECOMMENDATIONS FOR 
PREVENTING AND TREATING PRE-NATAL OPIOID ABUSE AND NEO-NATAL ABSTINENCE SYNDROME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’), acting through the Di-rector of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), shall conduct a study and develop recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome, soliciting input from nongovernmental entities, including organi-zations representing patients, health care providers, hospitals, other treatment facili-ties, and other entities, as appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall publish on the Internet Web site of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality a report on the study and rec-ommendations under subsection (a). Such re-port shall address each of the issues de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) through (3) of sub-section (c). 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—The study described in sub-
section (a) and the report under subsection (b) shall include— 
(1) a comprehensive assessment of existing 
research with respect to the prevention, identification, treatment, and long-term outcomes of neonatal abstinence syndrome, including the identification and treatment of pregnant women or women who may become pregnant who use opioids or other drugs; 
(2) an evaluation of— (A) the causes of and risk factors for opioid 
use disorders among women of reproductive age, including pregnant women; 
(B) the barriers to identifying and treating 
opioid use disorders among women of repro-ductive age, including pregnant and postpartum women and women with young children; 
(C) current practices in the health care 
system to respond to and treat pregnant women with opioid use disorders and infants born with neonatal abstinence syndrome; 
(D) medically indicated use of opioids dur-
ing pregnancy; (E) access to treatment for opioid use dis-
orders in pregnant and postpartum women; and 
(F) access to treatment for infants with 
neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
(3) recommendations on— (A) preventing, identifying, and treating 
neonatal abstinence syndrome in infants; 
(B) treating pregnant women who are de-
pendent on opioids; and 
(C) preventing opioid dependence among 
women of reproductive age, including preg-nant women, who may be at risk of devel-oping opioid dependence. 
SEC. 4. IMPROVING PREVENTION AND TREAT-
MENT FOR PRENATAL OPIOID ABUSE AND NEONATAL ABSTINENCE SYNDROME. 
(a) R EVIEW OF PROGRAMS .—The Secretary 
shall lead a review of planning and coordina-tion within the Department of Health and Human Services related to prenatal opioid use and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
(b) S
TRATEGY TOCLOSE GAPS IN RESEARCH  
AND PROGRAMMING .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy to address research and program gaps, including such gaps identified in find-ings made by reports of the Government Ac-countability Office. Such strategy shall ad-dress— 
(1) gaps in research, including with respect 
to— 
(A) the most appropriate treatment of 
pregnant women with opioid use disorders; 
(B) the most appropriate treatment and 
management of infants with neonatal absti-nence syndrome; and 
(C) the long-term effects of prenatal opioid 
exposure on children; and 
(2) gaps in programs, including— (A) the availability of treatment programs 
for pregnant and postpartum women and for newborns with neonatal abstinence syn-drome; and 
(B) guidance and coordination in Federal 
efforts to address prenatal opioid use or neo-natal abstinence syndrome. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report on the findings of the review described in subsection (a) and the strategy developed under subsection (b). 
SEC. 5. IMPROVING DATA ON AND PUBLIC 
HEALTH RESPONSE TO NEONATAL ABSTINENCE SYNDROME. 
(a) D ATA AND SURVEILLANCE .—The Director 
of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention shall, as appropriate— 
(1) provide technical assistance to States 
to improve the availability and quality of data collection and surveillance activities regarding neonatal abstinence syndrome, in-cluding— 
(A) the incidence and prevalence of neo-
natal abstinence syndrome; 
(B) the identification of causes for neo-
natal abstinence syndrome, including new and emerging trends; and 
(C) the demographics and other relevant 
information associated with neonatal absti-nence syndrome; 
(2) collect available surveillance data de-
scribed in paragraph (1) from States, as ap-plicable; and 
(3) make surveillance data collected pursu-
ant to paragraph (2) publically available on an appropriate Internet Web site. 
(b) P
UBLIC HEALTH RESPONSE .—The Direc-
tor of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall encourage increased utiliza-tion of effective public health measures to reduce neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G UTHRIE ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1462, 
the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015, introduced by my colleagues, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. S TIV-
ERS. 
Over the past several years, opioid 
addiction has risen dramatically in the United States, reaching epidemic pro-portions. The death rate for heroin overdose doubled in just 2 years, from 2010 to 2012. 
One of the issues that has arisen as a 
result of this epidemic is neonatal ab-stinence syndrome, known as NAS. 
These are infants born addicted to 
opioids and suffer medical issues asso-ciated with drug withdrawal. Symp-toms can last for weeks, keeping other-wise healthy infants confined to the hospital at the start of their lives. 
NAS can result from the use of pre-
scription drugs or from the use of ille-gal opioids. Sadly, over the past 15 years, a prevalence of NAS has tripled in the United States. This is a rapidly growing problem that needs to be ad-dressed for the safety of our mothers and children. 
H.R. 1462 would address the increas-
ing problem of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. Preventing opioid abuse among preg-nant women and women of childbearing age is crucial in addressing NAS. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice has identified that more research is needed in this area to help treat ba-bies born with NAS and mothers ad-dicted to opioids. 
This legislation would help fill this 
research gap by studying issues and de-veloping recommendations for pre-venting and treating prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syn-drome. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1462, the Pro-
tecting Our Infants Act, led by Rep-resentatives K
ATHERINE CLARK and 
STEVE STIVERS . 
The Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention has found drug overdose to be the leading cause of injury death in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.010 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5800 September 8, 2015 
According to a recent study by the 
New England Journal of Medicine, from 2004 to 2013, the incidence rate of neo-natal abstinence syndrome, NAS, has quadrupled. 
NAS refers to medical complications 
in newborns associated with drug with-drawal due to exposure to opioids and other drugs during pregnancy. 
Babies born with NAS often require 
weeks of hospitalization and can suffer from seizures and other severe com-plications. 
There is an urgent need for further 
research to facilitate the identification and treatment of infants with NAS and determine long-term health impacts. 
The GAO and other experts identified 
specific research gaps related to best practices for treating pregnant women with opioid use disorders, the long- term effects of prenatal drug exposure, and best practices in the screening, di-agnosis, and treatment of NAS. 
The Protecting Our Infants Act takes 
proactive steps to help reduce the num-ber of newborns born exposed to opioids and other drugs and to improve their care if they are exposed. 
It will facilitate the development of 
recommendations for treatment and coordinate a national strategy to close the known gaps in research and coordi-nation. It will also help States improve data collection and surveillance activi-ties. 
I want to thank Representatives 
C
LARK of Massachusetts and S TIVERS  
for their leadership. I also want to thank Chairman U
PTON , Ranking Mem-
ber P ALLONE , Chairman P ITTS, and my 
colleagues on the Energy and Com-merce Committee for advancing this important legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
1462. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, every day in hospitals across the Third Congressional District of West Virginia and the country babies begin their lives going through drug withdrawal because they were exposed during pregnancy. As you have heard, it is the diagnosis known as neonatal abstinence syndrome, or NAS. 
No baby—no baby—deserves to start 
his or her life in withdrawal from her-oin or other opioids. But, sadly, the rate of babies born with NAS, again, as you have heard, has skyrocketed na-tionally. 
Doctors, nurses, and caregivers are 
providing innovative care for newborns with NAS, but there are still gaps in research and our understanding of how best to care for our most vulnerable. 
The Protecting Our Infants Act 
makes significant strides in addressing this nationwide gap and developing these strategies, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill. 
West Virginia has been at the fore-
front of this epidemic, with NAS rates much higher than the national aver-age. Our nurses and doctors are tirelessly 
working to care for newborns with NAS, and having additional resources and research will only further their ef-forts in providing the best possible care. 
I have met with caregivers through-
out my district to discuss their ap-proaches to treating NAS, and I know this legislation will help in their ef-forts to treat these babies. 
While we must continue to guarantee 
that newborns receive the absolute best care, we must also address the issue of addiction in pregnant and post-natal women. 
This legislation will help identify 
and develop treatment methods for ex-pectant mothers with opioid addic-tions, leading to healthier outcomes for mother and baby alike. 
NAS is a nationwide crisis, one that 
impacts urban, rural, and suburban areas. Nearly every district in America has been touched by heroin and opioid addiction. We must address the impact this addiction has on our most vulner-able in society, our newborn babies. 
I commend Congresswoman C
LARK  
for her efforts on this important legis-lation, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), the co-
sponsor of the bill. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. 
Our Nation is experiencing a deadly 
opiate epidemic, an epidemic that knows no boundaries and destroys lives, families, and communities. 
Today 58 babies—one baby every 25 
minutes—will be born suffering from the same pain adults describe as the worst pain of their lives. It is the pain of drug withdrawal. 
Neonatal abstinence syndrome, or 
NAS for short, occurs when babies are born dependent on opioids, and it is one of the chief causes of the significant surge of newborns in neonatal inten-sive care units across the Nation. 
Over the last decade, the number of 
infants born dependent on powerful drugs has grown nearly fivefold. In States like Massachusetts, NAS is oc-curring at a rate three times the na-tional average. 
NAS births are five times more cost-
ly than healthy ones. Costs have risen to more than $1.5 billion a year, 80 per-cent of which are paid for by Medicaid. 
Because of this skyrocketing rise of 
NAS cases and costs, doctors are des-perately trying to find the most effec-tive method of diagnosis and treat-ment. 
b1630 
There is little coordination of data 
and best practices and protocols among States, healthcare systems, and practi-tioners; and no medications have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for treating these ba-bies. The Protecting Our Infants Act is the 
first Federal bill to take proactive steps in addressing the rise of NAS. With broad bipartisan support in both Chambers, this is an opportunity for Congress to make a difference for ba-bies suffering from opioid exposure and the families struggling with addiction. 
This bill directs the Department of 
Health and Human Services to develop the protocols for treating and pre-venting NAS. The Protecting Our In-fants Act helps babies suffering from opioid withdrawal by making sure they get the best care available. 
This act will ensure that every hos-
pital has access to the best practices and that States have the public health data they need to address this crisis. This is good for families, good for our healthcare providers, and good for our Nation’s bottom line. 
I want to thank my colleagues in the 
House and, in particular, Congressman S
TEVE STIVERS for his partnership in 
this bill. I am grateful for his deep commitment to addressing this prob-lem and crafting a solution. I am also grateful to Senators M
CCONNELL and 
CASEY for sponsoring this legislation in 
the Senate. 
Today, we have a chance to help the 
youngest of those suffering from the opioid crisis. 
I urge my colleagues to pass the bi-
partisan Protecting Our Infants Act. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. I yield 5 minutes to 
the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIV-
ERS), my friend. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to support a bill that my col-league from Massachusetts, Represent-ative K
ATHERINE CLARK , and I intro-
duced, H.R. 1462, the Protect Our In-fants Act. I want to thank Representa-tive C
LARK for her leadership, her hard 
work, and her commitment to pro-tecting America’s children. 
This bill has the support of 95 bipar-
tisan cosponsors. It is a targeted effort to address a national epidemic of ba-bies being born addicted to drugs. 
Recent data has shown that this 
issue, called neonatal abstinence syn-drome, is sadly on the rise throughout the country. A baby is born with neo-natal abstinence syndrome every 25 minutes, and symptoms can last for months and lead to weeks of hos-pitalization and have a lifelong impact. 
A report by the Journal of the Amer-
ican Medical Association showed that the number of newborns diagnosed with NAS tripled from 2000 to 2009. In my home State of Ohio, the rate of neo-natal abstinence syndrome grew over 600 percent between 2004 and 2011. 
It has taken a heavy toll on Ohio’s 
healthcare system and Ohio’s families. Treating newborns with NAS was asso-ciated with over $70 million in charges and approximately 19,000 hospital stays, and that was back in 2011. It has been on the rise ever since. 
This issue is especially devastating 
to our families and especially dev-astating to the youngest among us, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.017 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5801 September 8, 2015 
babies who are born addicted to drugs. 
I recently heard from a grandmother to three babies who were born with NAS. She was pleading for help for her inno-cent grandchildren, and she wanted to make sure we did something about this terrible disease. 
I am proud to say that the response 
in my district has been strong to our bill. There is a healthcare system called Adena Regional Medical Center in Chillicothe, Ohio, and they actually have an incredible program which was piloted with a bunch of OB/GYNs, and they started with just 15 pregnant women who were addicted to drugs, and they have served those women. Now, they are on their second class to try to get those women off of drugs before they deliver. 
I am happy to report that, because of 
the support of the Adena Health Sys-tem, none of the women in that group delivered a baby with NAS. Due to the success of the pilot, there is a perma-nent program that is starting now, and it already has a wait list, so I am real-ly excited to say that there are people out there showing real leadership. 
Last week, I hosted my fourth annual 
opiate roundtable in my district to bring together a lot of issues, and we talked about this bill and how impor-tant it was, so I am so proud that it is on the floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues 
to support the Protecting Our Infants Act, H.R. 1462, to help our Nation’s most innocent citizens. Again, I want to thank K
ATHERINE CLARK for her in-
credible leadership on this bill and her commitment. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I have no other speakers, and in closing, I encourage our colleagues to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, during 
the hearing in the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, one of the physi-cians testifying, a neonatologist, turned out to practice with my first cousin, so I got to do research further into what is moving forward in this bill. 
I learned even more from personal 
stories about how important it is and how critical this is and how sad it is for children to be born addicted and how the opportunity is for us to help. 
I certainly appreciate my friend from 
Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARK , and my 
friend from Ohio, Mr. S TIVERS . I would 
encourage all my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1462, Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 
1462 the ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015.’’ This legislation would address the urgent need for a comprehensive strategy for one of the harmful outcome of our nation’s opioid epi-demic. Neonatal abstinence syndrome, or NAS, occurs in newborns who were exposed to opioids, including pain killers, while in their mother’s womb. NAS is associated with nega-tive health outcomes like preterm births and low birthweight. I’m saddened to say that the opioid epi-
demic has resulted in a steep increase in the occurrence of NAS over the past decade. H.R. 1462 would require HHS to develop rec-ommendations for the treatment and preven-tion of prenatal opiate abuse and neonatal ab-stinence syndrome. It would also require the collection of data to better monitor the prob-lem. 
I want to thank Representative K
ATHERINE  
CLARK for her leadership on this issue and I 
urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this necessary legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1462. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STEM CELL THERAPEUTIC AND 
RESEARCH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2820) to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2820 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stem Cell 
Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE STEM CELL 
THERAPEUTIC AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2005. 
(a) C ORD BLOOD INVENTORY .—Section 2 of 
the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 274k note) is amended in subsection (h)— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$23,000,000 for each of fis-
cal years 2011 through 2014 and’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘and $23,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2011 
through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2020’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL PROGRAM .—Section 379B of 
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274m) is amended by striking ‘‘2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015, introduced by my colleagues C
HRIS SMITH and D ORIS MATSUI . 
Bone marrow transplantation has 
been used for more than 50 years to treat blood-related diseases, such as leukemia, different anemias, and lymphoma. It is a rich source of blood stem cells. In more recent years, breakthroughs have been made using blood stem cells from umbilical cord blood in the treatment of those various blood-related diseases and conditions. 
It can be very difficult to find a bone 
marrow transplant match, and in some cases, cord blood can be used instead. Bone marrow and cord blood donation are critical to ensure those in need of 
transplant can find a match. The need for this lifesaving transplantation has risen 25 percent since 2005. 
H.R. 2820 reauthorizes the National 
Marrow Donor Program and creates a national network of public cord blood banks. The legislation also provides healthcare professionals the ability to search for bone marrow and umbilical cord blood units for transplantation. 
H.R. 2820 also bolsters patient and ad-
vocacy services; provides for public and professional education; and collects, analyzes, and reports data on trans-plant outcomes. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic Re-search Reauthorization Act. This im-portant legislation is championed by Representatives D
ORIS MATSUI and 
CHRIS SMITH. 
According to the Health Resources 
and Services Administration, nearly 20,000 patients in the United States need a bone marrow or cord blood transplant each year. Stem cells from both cord blood and bone marrow are used to treat nearly 80 lifesaving dis-eases, including cancers, blood dis-eases, and immune disorders. 
H.R. 2820 provides Federal support for 
cord blood donation, the continuation of the national bone marrow registry, and critical medical research. This leg-islation reauthorizes the C. W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, which includes the National Marrow Donor Program. 
The program helps patients in need 
of lifesaving transplants find matching bone marrow donors or cord blood units. It also includes a stem cell therapeutic outcomes database, which facilitates research to better under-stand the matching process. This legis-lation will give hope of access to pa-tients and their families in need of a curative transplant. 
I want to thank Representatives 
M
ATSUI and S MITH for their leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.020 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5802 September 8, 2015 
on this issue. I also want to thank 
Chairman U PTON , Ranking Member 
PALLONE , Chairman P ITTS, and my col-
leagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce for advancing this im-portant legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 2820. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), my good friend. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
my good friend Mr. G UTHRIE for yield-
ing and for his support on this impor-tant legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, Maalik was diagnosed 
with Hurler syndrome at 15 months old, a rare and life-threatening metabolic disorder. He had a curved spine, and he could not walk. 
After receiving an umbilical cord 
blood transplant facilitated through the Carolinas Cord Blood Bank, Maalik is running around and is expected to have a normal lifespan. His mother, Krystal, said: ‘‘My son is extremely happy now. He is energetic and more independent. The transplant saved his life.’’ 
In like manner, bone marrow dona-
tions provide lifesaving transplants for a myriad of diseases. Clara was only 4 months old when she was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. John had registered with the National Marrow Donor Program Be The Match as a bone marrow donor when Clara was only 17 days old. It turned out it was a perfect match for Clara. John’s dona-tion saved Clara’s life. She is now thriving at 2 years of age. 
Mr. Speaker, not only has God in His 
wisdom and goodness created a pla-centa and an umbilical cord to nurture and protect the precious life of an un-born child, but now, we find He has left a great gift behind. Immediately after birth, something very special is left be-hind, cord blood that is teeming with lifesaving stem cells. 
Breathtaking scientific break-
throughs have turned medical waste— postbirth placentas and umbilical cord blood—into medical miracles, treating more than 80 diseases, including leu-kemia, lymphoma, and sickle cell ane-mia. 
As a matter of fact, Dr. Joanne 
Kurtzberg of Duke University and president of the Cord Blood Association told Chairman P
ITTS’ subcommittee on 
June 25 that sickle cell anemia can be cured with cord blood transplantation and that it has become one of the most optimal donor sources for patients with sickle cell disease. 
H.R. 2820, under consideration by the 
House today, reauthorizes through 2020 the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-search Act of 2005, a law I sponsored a decade ago, joined by Artur Davis of Alabama, legislation that cleared the Senate with the incomparable help of Senator O
RRIN HATCH . 
That law built upon the excellent 
work of our distinguished late col-league Bill Young of Florida to facili-tate bone marrow transplants and cre-
ated a brand-new national umbilical cord blood donation and transplan-tation program. 
Special thanks, Mr. Speaker, to both 
Chairmen U
PTON and P ITTS for their 
outstanding leadership and help on this bill, as well as the strong support by Ranking Members P
ALLONE and my 
good friend and colleague Mr. G REEN . 
I am deeply grateful to our original 
sponsors, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. J OLLY , and 
Mr. F ATTAH , for their contributions 
and special thanks to Adrianna Simonelli, Katie Novaria, and Megan McCrum. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, under the Na-
tional Cord Blood Inventory program, contracts are awarded to cord blood banks to collect cord blood units do-nated after their mothers give birth. These units are then made available through the C. W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, also called the Be The Match Registry. 
The program provides a single point 
of access, enabling those in need of life-saving transplants to search for a match via an integrated nationwide network of bone marrow and cord blood stem cells. 
Americans willing to volunteer are at 
the heart of the success of this pro-gram. In reauthorizing it, we are grate-ful for the adult donors willing to do-nate bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells, as well as mothers who do-nate their baby’s cord blood to public 
cord blood banks. 
There are 13 public banks contracted 
through the NCBI, including the New Jersey Cord Blood Bank in my home State, which collects cord blood from five participating hospitals. 
b1645 
Mr. Speaker, it ought to be noted as 
well that, in addition to treating more than 80 diseases, cord blood units from the NCBI banks are also available for research on future therapies. 
Indeed, Dr. Kurtzberg pointed out 
that, ‘‘in addition to use in patients with malignant and genetic diseases, cord blood is showing enormous poten-tial for use in cellular therapies and other regenerative medicine. Cord blood derived vaccines against viruses and certain types of cancers are cur-rently under development and in early phase clinical trials. Cells, manufac-tured from cord blood units are being developed to boost recovery of the im-mune system. Cells regulating autoimmunity are also in clinical trials. These approaches, which often utilize cord blood banked in family banks, may help patients with type 1 diabetes, as well as other diseases,’’ she testified just a few months ago. 
She also pointed out that ‘‘over the 
past 6 years, we have initiated trials of the patient’s own cord blood in babies with birth asphyxia, cerebral palsy, hearing loss’’; and she is doing some in-credible work on an issue that I have worked on for over 20 years, and that is the issue and the disability known as autism. Dr. Kurtzberg finally said, ‘‘We’ve 
learned that when a donor cells are in-fused into one’s body, they go to the brain and help heal the brain. When a child has a brain injury around birth, we can use their own cord blood cells to correct the damage that’s oc-curred.’’ 
Dr. Jeffrey Chell, of Be the Match— 
he is the CEO for it—noted that for many diseases, including blood cancers and sickle cell disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. 
Last year, Mr. Speaker, I visited 
Celgene Corporation of Summit, New Jersey, to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal dia-betic foot ulcers, and they now have turned amniotic membrane, an old pla-centa, into wound management that has now advanced—it is on the mar-ket—past stage 3 clinical trials. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. I yield the gentleman 
another 30 seconds. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2820 
authorizes $265 million over 5 years and will ensure that thousands of present- day and future patients benefit from this exciting field of regenerative med-icine. 
We have only just begun. This legis-
lation furthers that work. And again, I thank my colleagues for this bipartisan support. 
Mr. Speaker, Maalik was diagnosed with 
Hurler Syndrome at 15 months old—a rare and life-threatening metabolic disorder. He had a curved spine and could not walk. After receiving an umbilical cord blood transplant fa-cilitated through the Carolina Blood Bank, Maalik is running around and expected to have a normal lifespan. His mother Krystal told the Herald Sun newspaper in North Caro-lina, ‘‘My son is extremely happy now . . . He’s energetic, and more independent. The transplant saved his life.’’ 
In like manner, bone marrow donations pro-
vide lifesaving transplants to treat diseases like blood cancer or inherited metabolic or im-mune system disorders. Clara was only 4 months old when she was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. John had registered with the National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP) Be the Match as a bone marrow donor when Clara was only 17 days old. It turned out he was a perfect match for Clara. John’s donation saved Clara’s life, she is now 
a thriving 2 year old. 
Valentina was 10 months old and only 13 
pounds—and diagnosed with severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID). Her doctor treated her with chemotherapy followed by a cord blood transplant. 5 months after the transplant Valentina weighed 21 pounds and doctors credited her strengthened immune system from the stem cells in cord blood. 
Jennifer, 45, was suffering from acute mye-
loid leukemia but unable to find a matched bone-marrow transplant. Because of the high rate of tissue type diversity among racial and ethnic minorities it can be difficult to find a matched bone marrow transplant, but umbilical cord blood can be successfully used for treat-ment with a less perfect match of tissue type. After undergoing chemotherapy and radiation she received a cord blood transplant, and is now living cancer free. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.022 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5803 September 8, 2015 
Not only has God in His wisdom and good-
ness created a placenta and umbilical cord to nurture and protect the precious life of an un-born child, but now we know that another gift awaits us immediately after birth. Something very special is left behind—cord blood that is teeming with lifesaving stem cells. 
Breathtaking scientific breakthroughs have 
turned medical waste—post birth placentas and umbilical cord blood—into medical mir-acles treating more than 80 diseases including leukemia, lymphoma and sickle cell anemia. 
As a matter of fact, Dr. Joanne Kurtzberg of 
Duke University and President of the Cord Blood Association told Chairman P
ITTS’ Health 
Subcommittee on June 25 that sickle cell ane-mia can be ‘‘cured’’ with cord blood transplan-tation and that ‘‘it has become one of the opti-mal donor sources for patients with sickle cell disease’’ because it doesn’t have to be per-fectly matched. 
H.R. 2820 under consideration by the 
House today reauthorizes through 2020 the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005 a law that I sponsored a decade ago joined by Artur Davis of Alabama; legislation that cleared the Senate with the incomparable help of Senator O
RRIN HATCH . That law built 
upon the excellent work of our distinguished late colleague Bill Young of Florida to facilitate bone marrow transplants and created a brand new national umbilical cord blood donation and transplantation program. 
Special thanks to both Chairmen U
PTON and 
PITTS for their outstanding leadership and help 
on this bill, as well as the strong support by Ranking Members P
ALLONE and G REEN . I am 
deeply grateful to original cosponsors Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. J OLLY and Mr. F ATTAH for their im-
portant contributions. And special thanks to Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, and Megan McCrum. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, under the National 
Cord Blood Inventory Program (NCBI), con-tracts are awarded to cord blood banks to col-lect cord blood units donated after mothers give birth. These units are then made avail-able through the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program also called the Be the Match Registry. The Program provides a sin-gle point of access, enabling those in need of lifesaving transplants to search for a match via an integrated nationwide network of bone mar-row donors and cord blood stem cells. The Program’s Bone Marrow and Cord Blood Co-ordinating Centers makes information about bone marrow and cord blood transplant avail-able to donors and patients, and the Office of Patient Advocacy helps support patients and families dealing with a life-threatening diag-nosis. And the Stem Cell Therapeutic Out-comes Database tracks results. 
Americans willing to volunteer are the heart 
of the success of this program. In reauthor-izing it we are grateful for the adult donors willing to donate bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells, as well as mothers who do-nate their babies’ cord blood through public cord blood banks. 
There are 13 public banks contracted 
through NCBI, including the New Jersey Cord Blood Bank in my home state, which collects cord blood from 5 participating hospitals. 
According to the Health Resources and 
Services Administration (HRSA), every year 18,000 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with illnesses for which blood stem cell transplan-tation from a matched donor is their best treat-ment option. Of this number, only about 30% 
have a sibling who can be the ideal matched donor, so about 12,600 people annually de-pend on the programs made available by this law to find an unrelated adult marrow donor or cord blood unit for treatment. 
Cord blood transplants have accounted for 
about one half of the growth in stem cell trans-plants since NCBI was established in 2005. More NCBI units have been released for transplantation with each successive year since the program’s inception. 
In addition to currently treating more than 80 
diseases, cord blood units from NCBI banks are also made available for research on future therapies. In groundbreaking research, Dr. Kurtzberg of Duke University also testified last June that ‘‘in addition to use in patients with malignant and genetic diseases, cord blood is showing enormous potential for use in cellular therapies and regenerative medicine. Cord blood derived vaccines against viruses and certain types of cancers are currently under development and in early phase clinical trials. Cells manufactured from cord blood units are being developed to boost recovery of the im-mune system. Cells regulating autoimmunity (Regulatory T cells) are also in clinical trials. These approaches, which often utilize cord blood banked in family banks, may help pa-tients with Type 1 Diabetes, as well as other diseases.’’ 
Dr. Kurtzberg further testified that she and 
others are developing uses for cord blood to treat acquired brain disorders. ‘‘Over the past six years’’ she said ‘‘we have initiated trials of autologous (the patient’s own) cord blood in babies with birth asphyxia, cerebral palsy, hearing loss and autism . . .’’ 
Dr. Kurtzberg has also said ‘‘We’ve learned 
that when donor cells are infused into one’s body, they go to the brain and help heal the brain. When a child has a brain injury around birth, we can use their own cord blood cells to correct the damage that’s occurred.’’ 
Dr. Jeffrey W. Chell, CEO of NMDP/Be the 
Match noted that for many diseases including blood cancers and sickle cell disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. He told Chairman P
ITTS’ subcommittee that the patient 
population ‘‘rising the most quickly is the el-derly population . . . growing by double digits every year, and the reason for that is the med-ical conditions for which transplant is often the only cure tend to occur in older populations for diseases like acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, myelofibrosis and others.’’ 
Last year, Mr. Speaker, I visited Celgene 
Corporation of Summit, New Jersey to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal diabetic foot ulcers and how they’ve turned amniotic membrane—an old placenta— into wound management that has now ad-vanced past stage 3 clinical trials to the ap-proval and regulatory filings stage. 
H.R. 2820 authorizes $265 million over five 
years and will ensure that thousands of present-day and future patients benefit from the exciting field of regenerative medicine. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I have no other speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close with a quick story. 
There is a good friend of mine. His 
name is Philip Schardein, and I am great friends with his family. He went 
off to play golf in college—great ath-lete. All of a sudden, he came down with leukemia, and I remember that there were some issues at first about his sister being able to donate bone marrow. 
So my town, Bowling Green, Ken-
tucky, organized a bone marrow drive to see if anybody could match Philip Schardein. I have probably never been more proud to call myself a resident of the hometown of Bowling Green than that day. I remember going three times, and it was so overwhelmed with volunteers trying to have their bone marrow, the blood type, to see if they matched, that it just overwhelmed the system. 
I remember finally getting through 
late in the afternoon, and people wait-ed all day to see if they could match and help Philip Schardein. And God bless, for whatever reason his sister couldn’t donate, it turned out that she could donate, and he is a healthy per-son now with family and children, and everything is going well. 
But just about a year after that, I 
was in Holiday World with my family. I was having a day with them. My cell phone rang, and it turned out I had matched, because of going to get my bone marrow tested, or my blood test-ed, that I matched someone. The lady got on the phone, and she told me what it takes to be a donor and, Will you be willing to move forward? I said, Of course. 
I remember the reason I said I was at 
Holiday World was because I remember standing there going, here I am with my family having fun, laughing and having a great afternoon, and there is some family somewhere that is anony-mous, not having the same experience, probably trying to figure out if their loved one is going to live or survive or what is going to be the prognosis. 
So I went through the process, and I 
remember going through, having my blood taken and several of the steps. Just getting close to the actual time to do the bone marrow transplant, for whatever reason, we got notified that it wasn’t going forward. It could do that for many reasons. One, hopefully, is the anonymous person was cured or the prognosis was better, or maybe a sibling or something matched like it did for Philip Schardein. 
But I’ve often wondered about the 
life on the other end, because they don’t tell you for reason of anonymity, and it is just something that has al-ways weighed on my mind. Even sit-ting here and getting ready to close, I was thinking about who was on the other end, and I hope that they have a good story, as well as Philip Schardein. 
But what I want to stress is how im-
portant it is that families in need and worry and wondering what is going to happen with their loved ones, and the loved ones themselves, and this is something we can do. It was a little thing that I was able to do, that we all were able to do in my community, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.020 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5804 September 8, 2015 
people across this country can do to 
try to help people live long and fruitful lives. 
Our prayers were answered with Phil-
ip Schardein, and this is an oppor-tunity for us to come together, in a bi-partisan way, as all the bills were. 
I want to close with this. We have 
been through four bills in the last hour, and they are dealing with touch-ing families, and every one of them has been bipartisan. We have been able to come together and find where we agree and work together, that we can work for infants, for families suffering with leukemia and other blood disorders, for infants with opioid addiction, for par-ents who have children with early hearing detection, and that is where we have been able to come together and work together. 
I appreciate the effort of Ranking 
Member G
REEN in bringing us all to-
gether, and our subcommittee chair-man, Mr. P
ITTS. 
I look forward to voting for this bill, 
and I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 2820. I appreciate my friend, Mr. S
MITH, for bringing it forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 820, the 
‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reau-thorization Act,’’ would continue critical federal support for the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program. This program includes the Be the Match registry for bone marrow and umbilical cord blood transplantation which con-tinues to provide hope to people in need of a lifesaving transplants. 
Each year thousands of patients in need of 
life saving transplants are unable to find a match within their family and therefore require a nonrelative donor. That is why the Be the Match Registry and its nearly 12.5 million reg-istered bone marrow donors and collection of more than 209,000 cord blood units is so im-portant. The Program also supports the collec-tion and use of transplantation data to ad-vance medical research. 
I’d like to thank Representative D
ORIS MAT-
SUIfor her leadership in this area and I urge 
my colleagues to support H.R. 2820 to ensure that the lifesaving Be the Match registry con-tinues. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2820. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
E-WARRANTY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1359) to allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling require-ments for consumer products by dis-playing the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1359 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘E-Warranty 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Many manufacturers and consumers 
prefer to have the option to provide or re-ceive warranty information online. 
(2) Modernizing warranty notification rules 
is necessary to allow the United States to continue to compete globally in manufac-turing, trade, and the development of con-sumer products connected to the Internet. 
(3) Allowing an electronic warranty option 
would expand consumer access to relevant consumer information in an environmentally friendly way, and would provide additional flexibility to manufacturers to meet their la-beling and warranty requirements. 
SEC. 3. ELECTRONIC DISPLAY OF TERMS OF 
WRITTEN WARRANTY FOR CON-SUMER PRODUCTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b) of the Mag-
nuson-Moss Warranty—Federal Trade Com-mission Improvement Act (15 U.S.C. 2302(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(4)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the rules prescribed under this sub-section shall allow for the satisfaction of all requirements concerning the availability of terms of a written warranty on a consumer product under this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) making available such terms in an ac-
cessible digital format on the Internet website of the manufacturer of the consumer product in a clear and conspicuous manner; and 
‘‘(ii) providing to the consumer (or pro-
spective consumer) information with respect to how to obtain and review such terms by indicating on the product or product pack-aging or in the product manual— 
‘‘(I) the Internet website of the manufac-
turer where such terms can be obtained and reviewed; and 
‘‘(II) the phone number of the manufac-
turer, the postal mailing address of the man-ufacturer, or another reasonable non-Inter-net based means of contacting the manufac-turer to obtain and review such terms. 
‘‘(B) With respect to any requirement that 
the terms of any written warranty for a con-sumer product be made available to the con-sumer (or prospective consumer) prior to sale of the product, in a case in which a con-sumer product is offered for sale in a retail location, by catalog, or through door-to-door sales, subparagraph (A) shall only apply if the seller makes available, through elec-tronic or other means, at the location of the sale to the consumer purchasing the con-sumer product the terms of the warranty for the consumer product before the purchase.’’. 
(b) R
EVISION OF RULES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Trade Commission shall revise the rules prescribed under such section to com-ply with the requirements of paragraph (4) of such section, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
(2) A
UTHORITY TO WAIVE REQUIREMENT FOR  
ORAL PRESENTATION .—In revising rules under 
paragraph (1), the Federal Trade Commission may waive the requirement of section 109(a) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 2309(a)) to give inter-ested persons an opportunity for oral presen-tation if the Commission determines that giving interested persons such opportunity would interfere with the ability of the Com-mission to revise rules under paragraph (1) in a timely manner. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-
tleman from Iowa (Mr. L OEBSACK ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the E-Warranty Act of 
2015 modernizes current warranty re-quirements by allowing manufacturers to post product warranty information online. 
I certainly want to thank Senator 
F
ISCHER and Congressman M ULLIN for 
crafting bipartisan legislation opening a path for manufacturers to conduct their business more efficiently in the digital age. 
This legislation will give consumers 
better access to warranty information, while retaining flexibility for sellers and reducing costs for manufacturers. The Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously forwarded the companion bill, H.R. 3154, to the House floor in July after consideration by the Sub-committee on Commerce, Manufac-turing, and Trade. 
The subcommittee has been studying 
how the use of the Internet and other advanced technologies is generating great advances for consumers and cre-ating jobs. Simple things like this will create savings across multiple indus-tries. 
We will continue to look for ways to 
roll back outdated regulations that slow down our e-commerce, economy and hurt jobs. This legislation does just that by bringing warranty regula-tions into the 21st century. I urge my colleagues to vote for S. 1359. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of S. 1359, the E-Warranty Act of 2015. I am pleased the House is considering this bipartisan, bicameral legislation. S. 1359 is identical to H.R. 3154, the E- Warranty Act of 2015, which I was very, very happy to introduce with my good friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). 
This commonsense legislation will 
bring product warranties into the 21st century by allowing warranty informa-tion to be posted online. This solution makes sense for both manufacturers and consumers, as many of which pre-fer the option of providing or receiving warranty information in electronic rather than paper form. 
Not only will this bill reduce waste, 
it will make it easier for consumers to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.025 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5805 September 8, 2015 
find warranty information quickly and 
easily, without worrying that it will be lost or discarded. 
I thank the committee for bringing 
this bill forward, and I urge support for this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. M
ULLIN ), the author of the 
House-sponsored legislation. 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate Chairman B URGESS and the com-
mittee for allowing this bill to come to the floor. This is one of those common-sense bills that brings a regulation that was put in place nearly 40 years ago and brings it to today’s tech-nology. 
This bill has passed the Senate by 
unanimous consent and is identical to H.R. 3154 that Congressman L
OEBSACK  
and I introduced and which passed the committee by voice vote. This bipar-
tisan E-Warranty Act of 2015 gives manufacturers the option of fulfilling their warranty notice requirements by posting the information on the Web site. 
Our current Federal regulation, as I 
stated earlier, was developed nearly 40 years ago. The world has changed since then, and, like many regulations, this has become outdated. Warranty re-quirements ensure consumers get im-portant information when they pur-chase a product, and we need to make sure the methods for delivering this in-formation keep pace with innovation. 
I urge all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on 
this commonsense bill. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, it ap-
pears that I have no further speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
just simply add that I encourage all Members to vote in favor of the legisla-tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of S. 1359, the E-Warranty Act. And I want to thank Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. M ULLIN  
for their contributions to the bill. 
The bill directs the Federal Trade Commis-
sion to amend its current rules on warranty notice to allow the pre-sale notice require-ments to be fulfilled by making warranty infor-mation available online. While I support this commonsense proposal, I would like to high-light one point that the bill rightly acknowl-edges—there are many consumers and small business owners without Internet access. 
This bill requires that contact information of 
the product manufacturers be made available so consumers may obtain warranty information by non-electronic means. To ensure that con-sumers and small business owners without Internet access are not disadvantaged, this Committee expects the FTC to require that consumers be provided with a toll-free phone number and warrantors respond to non-Inter-net requests for free and in a timely manner. 
Moreover, I am confident that when the FTC 
changes its rules pursuant to this bill, it will maintain the protections that currently exist for consumers and small business owners who do not have Internet access, including requiring manufacturers to ensure sellers can fulfill their obligations under the bill and the rules. This bill will help modernize the rules re-
garding pre-sale warranty notice by allowing warranty information to be made available on-line. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, S. 1359. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 57 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1832 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) at 6 o’clock 
and 32 minutes p.m. 
f 
E-WARRANTY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on the motion to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
The unfinished business is the vote 
on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1359), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 388, nays 2, not voting 43, as follows: 
[Roll No. 490] 
YEAS—388 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.027 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5806 September 8, 2015 
Valadao 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Benishek Jones 
NOT VOTING—43 
Aguilar Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Cramer DeFazio DeSantis Dingell Duckworth Forbes Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Harris Herrera Beutler Higgins Huffman Hultgren Kelly (IL) Kildee Kirkpatrick Loudermilk Lummis Maloney, Sean Marino McCollum Mulvaney 
Poliquin Quigley Rangel Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Rush Shimkus Tiberi Torres Vela´zquez 
Walberg Watson Coleman 
b1857 
Mr. GARAMENDI changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Madam Speaker, I was 
unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Tuesday, September 8, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 490 in support of the E-Warranty Act of 2015. 
Mr. TIBERI. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 
490 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass S. 1359), I was unavoidably detained and did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted, ‘‘yea’’ on this vote. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, on roll-
call No. 490, I was unavoidably detained (de-layed flight—weather). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Madam Speaker, on roll-
call No. 490, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Res-olution 70, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 70 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF CAPITOL 
GROUNDS FOR D.C. SPECIAL OLYM-PICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN. 
On October 16, 2015, or on such other date 
as the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate may jointly des-ignate, the 30th annual District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’) may be run through the Capitol Grounds to carry the Special Olympics torch to honor local Special Olympics athletes. 
SEC. 2. RESPONSIBILITY OF CAPITOL POLICE 
BOARD. 
The Capitol Police Board shall take such 
actions as may be necessary to carry out the event. 
SEC. 3. CONDITIONS RELATING TO PHYSICAL 
PREPARATIONS. 
The Architect of the Capitol may prescribe 
conditions for physical preparations for the event. 
SEC. 4. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for 
enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, in connection with the event. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1900 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE 2ND ANNUAL FALLEN FIREFIGHTERS CONGRESSIONAL FLAG PRESEN-TATION CEREMONY 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Res-olution 73, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 73 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR 
FALLEN FIREFIGHTERS CONGRES-SIONAL FLAG PRESENTATION CERE-MONY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Congressional Fire 
Services Institute and the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation (in this resolution referred to jointly as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the 2nd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony (in this resolu-tion referred to as the ‘‘event’’), on the Cap-itol Grounds in order to honor the fire-fighters who died in the line of duty in 2014. 
(b) D
ATE OF EVENT .—The event shall be 
held on September 30, 2015, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. SEC. 2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— 
(1) free of admission charge and open to the 
public; and 
(2) arranged not to interfere with the needs 
of Congress. 
(b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-
sor shall assume full responsibility for all expenses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the event. 
SEC. 3. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of 
the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other re-lated structures and equipment as may be re-quired for the event. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-
itol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be re-quired to carry out the event. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
the Capitol Police Board shall provide for en-forcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, with respect to the event. 
(b) U
SE OF FIRE EQUIPMENT .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Cap-itol Police Board may allow the sponsor, as part of the event, to use traditional, hand- held fire equipment, such as axes and Pu-laski tools, and any other fire equipment that the Board determines can be used in a safe manner and will not cause damage to the Capitol Grounds or harm to any indi-vidual. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR AN EVENT TO COMMEMORATE THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MIL-LION MAN MARCH 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Res-olution 74, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 74 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR 
EVENT TO COMMEMORATE 20TH AN-NIVERSARY OF MILLION MAN MARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Million Man March, Inc. 
2015 (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event on the Capitol Grounds to com-memorate the 20th Anniversary of the Mil-lion Man March (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.015 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5807 September 8, 2015 
(b) D ATE OF EVENT .—The event shall be 
held on October 10, 2015, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— 
(1) free of admission charge and open to the 
public; and 
(2) arranged not to interfere with the needs 
of Congress. 
(b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-
sor shall assume full responsibility for all expenses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the event. 
SEC. 3. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of 
the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other re-lated structures and equipment, as may be required for the event. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-
itol Police Board are authorized to make any such additional arrangements that may be required to carry out the event. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for 
enforcement of the restrictions in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, con-cerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Cap-itol Grounds, in connection with the event. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 3412 
Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be removed as a cosponsor from H.R. 3412. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENT PRAYER FOR 
ALISON PARKER AND ADAM WARD 
(Mr. GRIFFITH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Madam Speaker, I 
would ask that members of the Vir-ginia congregation join me here in the well. 
Madam Speaker, colleagues, along 
with my fellow members of the delega-tion from the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, I rise today with a heavy heart. 
On the morning of August 26, we were 
shaken by a tragic incident during which WDBJ7 journalists Alison Parker and Adam Ward were killed in an act of senseless, heartbreaking vio-lence. Vicki Gardner, head of the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Cham-ber of Commerce, was seriously injured in the shooting. She has recently been discharged from the hospital and con-tinues her recovery. 
Alison Parker was 24 years old. She 
graduated from Martinsville High School, attended Patrick Henry Com-
munity College, and went on to James Madison University’s School of Media Arts and Design. After she graduated, Alison joined the news team at WCTI 12 in North Carolina before, last year, landing a job reporting for the Mornin’ Show at WDBJ in Roanoke, where she worked on the news team with Adam. It is a TV station that broadcasts into her hometown and into Adam’s home-town. 
Adam Ward was 27. He grew up in 
Botetourt, but was described as ‘‘truly a Salem Spartan, born and bred.’’ He started attending school at Andrew Lewis Middle School in the seventh grade, later playing football for Salem High. Adam fulfilled another dream by attending Virginia Tech and becoming a proud member of the Hokie Nation. 
Alison and Adam were cheerful, hard-
working, exuberant, and much-loved members of the WDBJ family who are and will continue to be missed. 
Our community is grieving and cop-
ing. We are asking for comfort and healing. We are reflecting on Alison’s and Adam’s lives while also praying for Vicki’s ongoing recovery. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues 
to join me, my colleagues from the Commonwealth, and our community in a moment of silent prayer. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN HONOR 
OF FORMER REPRESENTATIVE LOUIS STOKES 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, I rise 
this evening to pay tribute to an his-toric, distinguished former Member of this Chamber—Louis Stokes of Cleve-land, Ohio. 
Congressman Stokes passed away on 
August 18, at the age of 90, with his loving wife of 55 years, Jeanette, by his side. 
On behalf of the people of Ohio and 
the Ohio delegation, I would like to ex-press our deep sadness and enduring gratitude for the life of Louis Stokes. 
Growing up in Cleveland in public 
housing, with his brother, Carl, and their widowed mother, life was hard, but Lou triumphed over hardship to be-come a passionate voice for the less fortunate. He gave his life to public service, serving 3 years in the Army be-fore using the benefits he earned under the GI Bill to attend college and law school; and, I might say, he served in a segregated Army. He worked closely with the NAACP and argued the land-mark stop and frisk case, Terry v. Ohio, before the U.S. Supreme Court. 
In his 15 terms in Congress, he served 
as an ever-present voice for people of color and vulnerable communities across this country, playing a role to help found the Congressional Black Caucus in 1971. He was a foundational figure. His leadership was also historic, as he was the first African American Member of Congress ever elected to represent Ohio. Lou’s resume in the 
House included stints as chairman of the select committee that investigated the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King, Jr., from 1976 to 1978; as chairman of the House Eth-ics Committee; as a member of the House select committee that inves-tigated the Iran-Contra affair; and as the first Black person to chair the In-telligence Committee and serve on the influential House Appropriations Com-mittee and chair its Subcommittee on Veterans, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Independent Agencies. 
A month before his passing, Lou gave 
an interview to the Cleveland Plain Dealer. He said: ‘‘I was a very blessed guy . . . I’ve been blessed with the op-portunity to participate in history, to rise to opportunities I never envisioned . . . and to provide for people opportu-nities that, in many cases, they would have never had.’’ 
We stand here today in the footsteps 
of this historic champion. It is we who are blessed to have worked alongside Congressman Stokes; and our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Jeanette; his beautiful daughters Angela, Shel-ley, and Lori; son, Chuck; and seven grandchildren. Our thoughts and pray-ers are with all of them during this dif-ficult time of loss. 
Madam Speaker, on behalf of the 
Ohio delegation, I ask that the House observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the legendary, transformative life of former Congressman Louis Stokes, and I thank you all. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-
er, this week, we will debate and vote on one of the most consequential na-tional security and foreign policy issues that we have faced in quite some time—the Iran nuclear agreement. 
This deal allows Iran to continue to 
enrich uranium and to keep in place nearly every key aspect of its nuclear program. It also provides an economic lifeline to the Iranian regime, with bil-lions of dollars in sanctions relief, which will fund Iran’s support for ter-ror and its other acts of belligerence in the region. 
This deal also lifts the arms embargo 
on Iran, lifts sanctions on its ballistic missile program, and lifts certain sanc-tions on the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and its leader, like Qasem Soleimani. 
This is not a partisan or a political 
statement—this is the grim reality of the situation. This deal, as it has been presented to Congress and to the Amer-ican people, will not prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state. As such, it is incumbent upon us to reject this weak and dangerous Iran nuclear agreement this week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.024 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5808 September 8, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FORMER 
REPRESENTATIVE LOU STOKES 
(Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to just take a minute to join with Congresswoman K
APTUR , 
with Congresswoman M ARCIA FUDGE , 
and with Congresswoman J OYCE  
BEATTY in honoring the life of Louis 
Stokes. 
We attended his funeral a few weeks 
back, and I just want to say there were so many great stories that came about through his passing—from his family and from his grandkids, who gave beau-tiful eulogies, stories of their grand-father. 
This is just to say, when I first got to 
the United States Congress as a young Congressman of 29 years old, it was Congressman Stokes who sat in my of-fice, who gave me counsel, who was al-ways there and was always in a good mood, who was always joking and play-ing around and having a good time; but he took his job very seriously and took being a Member of Congress very seri-ously. 
The striking and remarkable thing 
about him was, no matter how high up the ladder he moved, he always had time. Whether it was for a young boy or girl in Cleveland or a new Congress-man from Youngstown, he had time. He shared his advice, and he shared his counsel. He was such a remarkable man. 
When you think of the word ‘‘gen-
tleman,’’ that was Congressman Lou Stokes. He was a gentle man and, I think, embodied the kind of character we want our young men in Ohio to look up to and aspire to be. 
I wanted to take a minute here on 
the House floor to thank him for all he did for me and all he did for Ohio and all he did for this country. He was a great man, and he will be missed. Our hearts and our prayers go out to him and his family. 
f 
VOTE FOR NEW AMERICAN 
LEADERSHIP AND WORLD PEACE 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
the House will vote against the nuclear arms race in the Middle East. 
The House will vote against Mr. 
Putin’s getting new missiles for Iran to hit Europe—even America—with a nu-clear bomb. 
The House will vote against giving 
Iran $50 billion to hand to ISIS, Hamas, Hezbollah, and al Qaeda. 
The House will vote for American 
Christians held in jails in Iran. The House will vote for the survival of our greatest ally, Israel. 
World peace needs American leader-
ship. The world has had 7 years of America’s leading from behind. I ask my colleagues to join me in 
voting for new American leadership and world peace. Vote to disapprove of President Obama’s deal with Iran. 
f 
ALL LIVES MATTER 
(Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, in the 
past year, our Nation has witnessed an unspeakable tragedy—a rivalry of law enforcement officers and the commu-nities they work so hard to protect. 
From riots in Ferguson and Balti-
more to, most recently, the individual targeting and murdering of police offi-cers, our Nation is at a crossroads. 
We find ourselves asking: When will the rule of law and those 
who enforce that law, once again, be respected? 
How many more violent protests and 
threatening chants will those who bravely wear the badge have to put up with? 
How much more taunting under the 
guise of a misleading slogan be toler-ated before community organizers, prominent African American leaders, and Democrats at the city, State, and national levels say enough is enough? 
When will we hear in unison: ‘‘It is 
not okay to kill police officers’’? 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I are 
here this evening to honor those in uni-form who have fallen, but we are also here to call for an end to this violence. We are here to call for the restoration of law and order. We are here to call for the protection of the men and women who put their lives on the line every single day—the ones who chose a pro-fession to help make their neighbor-hoods safer. 
These are not just police officers. 
They are mothers; they are fathers; they are husbands and wives; they are sons and daughters. Mr. Speaker, their lives matter, too, and all lives matter. 
In God we trust. 
b1915 
IRANIAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, a 
poll of my constituents in Pennsylva-nia’s Eighth District, one of the true swing districts in this House, shows that they disapprove of the administra-tion’s nuclear deal with Iran by a 2 to 1 margin. 
These returns are in line with recent 
national polls showing Americans, as a whole, overwhelmingly disapprove of the agreement by a similar count, and they have every right to. 
What we have learned about this deal 
is that it does not go far enough to achieve its ultimate goal, to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. In fact, it would allow just that when it sunsets. In the meantime, ‘‘anytime, any-
where’’ inspections of Iranian nuclear sites were neutralized to provide up to 24 days’ notice prior to any inspection. 
In addition, this deal precipitates a 
nuclear arms race in the Middle East, a reality we are already seeing, as na-tions like Egypt, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia have already begun building up their nuclear infrastructure in re-sponse. 
The hundreds of billions of dollars in 
sanctions relief provided by this deal will no doubt be used to further fund Tehran’s state sponsorship of terror. 
A nation that has a nine-figure line 
item in the budget to support ter-rorism, like attacks that devastated our Nation on September 11, 2001, is hard to trust. 
Unfortunately, what we have is a bad 
deal, one that makes an already vola-tile, unstable Middle East less safe, clears the way for a nuclear Iran, and gravely endangers allies like Israel. 
I urge my colleagues to disapprove it. 
f 
ANTI-TRAFFICKING LAWS MAKE A 
DIFFERENCE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, one 
of the issues that I have been most pas-sionate about is stopping the horrific crime of sex trafficking and protecting young victims. 
Earlier this year Congress took ac-
tion and passed a package of bipartisan bills, including one that I authored aimed at combatting this crime. I said at the time that this legislation would save lives. 
Madam Speaker, in the short time 
since these laws have gone into effect, we are already seeing results. Re-cently, a provision in the legislation that allowed local law enforcement to coordinate their efforts with the U.S. Marshals Service was used to help find a kidnapped Tennessee teenager. The 14-year-old girl was rescued in Vir-ginia, and her abductor, a known sex offender, was taken into custody. 
Madam Speaker, ending human traf-
ficking requires vigilance and a bipar-tisan commitment to ensure that chil-dren are safe from those wishing to ex-ploit them. The actions we have taken to combat this awful crime are making a difference and saving lives. 
f 
HONORING ERNIE PELLOW 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to honor the accomplishments of Ernie Pellow, a man who dedicated his life and career to his community of Frank-lin and to its region’s housing industry. 
Mr. Pellow was recently awarded the 
Pennsylvania Builders Association’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.036 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5809 September 8, 2015 
Distinguished Achievement Award, 
which has only been given to a handful of that organization’s members over 
the past two decades. 
Madam Speaker, Ernie’s accomplish-
ments are extensive. He is the founder of Builder Services, Incorporated, and the creator of the Home Builders Show in Venango County. 
He has also received numerous 
awards, including Builder of the Year in 1996 and the Executive Office Service Award from the Pennsylvania State Senate. 
Perhaps more importantly than all of 
this, Madam Speaker, Ernie Pellow served his Nation bravely and, since then, has participated in more than 1,000 Honor Guard events. 
Now, I am one of the many elected 
officials who have relied on Ernie’s ad-vice and support in the area of home construction. I congratulate him on this award and his continued service to his community. 
f 
HONORING FIRST RESPONDERS 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
as you know so well, one of the top issues that people in our districts are discussing is national security. The reason for that is because they are see-ing the issues of national security, do-mestic security, played out on their streets. 
I want to stand with my colleagues 
who are going to do a Special Order in just a few minutes to honor the work that our first responders, that our men and women in uniform, are doing every single day to keep our community safe. 
A police officer is tasked with not 
just enforcing the law, which they do, they are also tasked with protecting the community. 
Often they find themselves with the 
duty to protect the community from itself, whether that is to stop the mo-torist who is driving recklessly in a school zone or having to thrust them-selves into the middle of a domestic dispute and to restore order. 
I will tell you, so many times, as I 
talked to first responders as I was in my district in the month of August, they said there is no such thing as a routine stop any longer. They know they face danger. We thank them. 
f 
CELEBRATING H. CANYON’S 
SUCCESS 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, this August, the H. Canyon facility at the U.S. Department of Energy’s Savannah River Site near Aiken, South Carolina, celebrated 60 years of service. 
H. Canyon is America’s only hard-
ened nuclear chemical separations plant still operating, and its dedicated 
staff play a vital role in our Nation’s history and in the future. 
During the cold war, H. Canyon was 
vital for victory, promoting national defense by peace through strength. Today it continues to process nuclear materials safely and securely and de-livers fuels to the Tennessee Valley Authority. 
H. Canyon is also a pioneer for the 
future, developing plutonium-powered batteries for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for deep space exploration. We saw the results of this incredible technology this sum-mer with the historic, close-range pho-tographs of the most remote planet, Pluto. 
I am grateful to the Savannah River 
Nuclear Solutions and the 800 employ-ees for operating this remarkable facil-ity. I am also grateful for SRNS Presi-dent and CEO Carol Johnson, site man-ager Jack Craig, and the support of the partnering contractors: Fluor, Newport News Nuclear, and Honeywell. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
IRANIAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, one 
of the most important votes we will maybe ever do in this House will hap-pen probably later this week. I am talking about the Iran deal. 
Indeed, the original premise of the 
Iran nuclear deal was that Iran would be a nuclear-free, nonmilitary nuclear zone. That has already been conceded to in the deal we will be voting on here soon in the House and, I guess, over in the Senate as well. 
This is going to greatly affect the se-
curity of our allies like our good, solid ally, Israel, as well as others we do trading with in the Middle East. 
And if you don’t think it affects U.S. 
homeland, then why does the deal in-clude provisions not only after 5 years for being able to trade arms on the open market for Iran, but for them to have intercontinental ballistic missiles within 8 years? What do you do with ICBMs? I will guarantee it isn’t deliv-ering forget-me-not bouquets to the United States. 
Our security is on the line in this 
deal. Seventy-three percent of Ameri-cans don’t even believe that we can strike a deal with Iran and have them keep their word. 
The Associated Press—and this is the 
real kicker—reported here recently that Iran would be self-inspecting, self- reporting on the deal. We can put no faith that they will uphold this deal and that they will adhere to any of the provisions in it. 
We need to vote ‘‘no’’ on this. HONORING FALLEN POLICE 
OFFICERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
M
CSALLY ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Speaker, 
before I begin, I ask unanimous con-sent that all Members may have 5 leg-islative days in which to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the topic of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Speaker, 
last Friday, August 28, 2015, a deputy sheriff that protects my neighborhood in Houston, Texas, Harris County Dep-uty Sheriff Darren Goforth, was am-bushed and brutally murdered at a gas station that my family and I use regu-larly and that I drive past every day. 
I knew this good man. He was well 
known to my neighbors and me as a model citizen and as a model officer. 
You could not ask for a kinder, 
gentler, better law enforcement officer than Darren Goforth. He was murdered in cold blood, assassinated by someone whose motives are not completely clear yet. 
In this atmosphere and this move-
ment of extremist people calling on in-dividuals to attack law enforcement, I wanted to call this Special Order. I want to thank my good friend, Judge T
EDPOE, for organizing this Special 
Order today. 
We reserved this hour so that the 
Members of the House can come down here today and express our love and ad-miration and appreciation for every man and woman who wears the blue and defends our peace, our liberty, our property, and our safety on the streets of America. 
Deputy Goforth was a 10-year veteran 
of the Harris County Sheriffs Depart-ment. He was a loving husband and a father of two precious children, ages 5 and 12. He was murdered for one rea-son: Because he wore the uniform. Be-cause he wore the blue to protect us all, to preserve our liberty, to protect our homes and our property, he was murdered in cold blood. 
I went to many of the prayer vigils in 
the neighborhood. I went to a prayer vigil at the gas station where he was murdered, and I went to a service last Friday. Our minister, Dr. Ed Young of Second Baptist Church, conducted the service. It was overwhelming emotion-ally. 
It was overwhelming and, also, en-
couraging to see the tremendous out-pouring of support from the people of Houston, from the people of Texas, from people all over America, who showed up to express their love and ad-miration and support for the men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.037 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5810 September 8, 2015 
women in law enforcement who protect 
us every single day. It was an out-pouring of support like I don’t think the people of Houston have seen for a long, long time. 
Dr. Young’s service was particularly 
compelling as he pointed out that the only prayer that Jesus taught us in the brief time he was here with us on Earth was the Lord’s Prayer. 
Dr. Young pointed out that the 
Lord’s Prayer concludes, as we all know, with ‘‘deliver us from evil.’’ In that ‘‘deliver us from evil,’’ as Dr. Young pointed out, the word ‘‘deliver’’ actually means ‘‘shield’’ in Greek. 
Dr. Young pointed out that the tem-
ple priests in Christ’s time all wore blue as a symbol of the protection that they afforded to the temple-goers from evil and that Christ’s robe was blue and it was appropriate that the men and women who protect us every day wear blue and we need to remember that they are there to shield us from evil. 
There is no other job in America that 
you can go to work and might not come home because of the threat that you face when you are willing to step in front of a bullet or take that risk on yourself in defense of your neighbors and your friends. 
As Dr. Young pointed out in that 
service, the good thing to come from this is that the people of Texas, the people of Houston, really, the people of America—and that is demonstrated by my colleagues being here with us today on the floor—have all stepped forward to let the law enforcement community know that we are there for them, we love them, we are praying for them, and that we have got their back. 
In fact, one of the members of Second 
Baptist told Dr. Young and his staff that, shortly after this terrible murder of Deputy Goforth, he spotted a law en-forcement officer filling his gas tank at a neighborhood gas station. As the offi-cer was looking over his shoulder nerv-ously, the member of Second Baptist walked up to the officer and said, ‘‘Don’t worry, Officer. I have got your back.’’ 
b1930 
A concealed carry permit holder—and 
as so many of our constituents and neighbors in Texas are concealed carry permit holders—law enforcement knows that a concealed carry permit holder is their best friend. 
The message that I want to make 
sure that every law enforcement officer in the country hears tonight from my-self and my colleagues and from the people of Texas and America, for every law enforcement officer out there: We love you. We are proud of you. We are praying for you and your family, and most of all, we got your back. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), my 
good friend and colleague. 
HONORING MICHAEL BYRON TABB , SR. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I want to commend the gen-tleman and all of my colleagues for coming tonight in support of law en-
forcement. 
The Good Book tells us that greater 
love hath no man but that he lay down his life for his friends. That is what our law enforcement, our first responders, our public safety personnel do for us each and every day, 24/7, all across this country. For that, we are so grateful. 
They are Black; they are White; they 
are young; they are seasoned; they are male, and they are female. In my com-munity in Columbus, Georgia, we have had all of them to give their last full measure of devotion in defense of our communities, to keep us safe at night, so I commend my colleagues for that. 
I thank my colleague so much for al-
lowing me to invade this Special Order to give a special tribute to one of my constituents who passed away during our break. 
It is with a heavy heart, Madam 
Speaker, and in solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a re-spected community leader, an out-standing citizen, Michael Byron Tabb, Sr. 
Sadly, Mike passed away on Monday, 
August 17, 2015, and funeral services were held Saturday, August 22, at 11 a.m. at the Milford Baptist Church in Leary, Georgia. 
Mike Tabb was born in Albany, Geor-
gia, and graduated from Baker County High School. He earned a bachelor’s de-gree in secondary education and minored in biology at Valdosta State College, now Valdosta State Univer-sity. 
He was a teacher and a coach from 
1967 until 1974 and a farmer from 1974 to 1986. He then served as the managing editor for the Camilla Enterprise from 1987 until 1993 and wrote the column ‘‘Plantation Pete.’’ 
From 1993 to 2012, Mike worked at 
the Camilla Housing Authority as grant and public relations coordinator and program coordinator. Following his retirement, he continued to work part time with Community Ventures, a nonprofit corporation that serves the community in various ways, including building homes. 
He was instrumental in obtaining 
grants totaling nearly $15 million and contracts with the department of human resources to match welfare cli-ents with employment opportunities. He helped organize youth development activities in 20 counties and acquired funding to construct housing for low- to-moderate-income citizens. 
He was widely known by everybody 
as a driving force in the community. He served as chairman of the Baker Commission, chairman of the Mitchell County Children and Youth Collabo-rative, chairman of the board of direc-tors of the Mitchell-Baker Association for Retarded Citizens, chairman of the Baker County Historical Society, and chairman of the Advisory Committee for South Georgia Judicial Circuit In-digent Defense Program. 
He was also a member of the Mitchell 
County Children and Youth Family Connection Corporate Board, Baker 
County Family Connection, Mitchell County Hospital Authority, and the Southwest Georgia Workforce Invest-ment Board. 
He was instrumental in forming the 
first volunteer Baker County EMS and was an avid historian, playing a crit-ical role in the publishing of the Baker County history book and cemetery book. 
He was a resolute steward of Christ’s 
message, and he taught Sunday school for over 35 years at Milford Baptist Church. His faith and spirituality al-ways reminded those around him of the power of love and fellowship through Christ and the church. 
Mike has accomplished much in his 
life, but none of it would have been possible without the love and support of his wife, Karin; his children; grand-children; and great-grandchildren. 
Madam Speaker, my wife, Vivian, 
and I, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, salute Mike Byron Tabb for his dedicated service to his commu-nity. 
I ask my colleagues in the House of 
Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Mike’s fam-ily, friends, and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abid-ing faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. 
I thank my colleague for yielding to 
me. It was very special. I, again, com-mend him for standing up and express-ing our appreciation for America’s law enforcement, the men and women who protect us day in and day out. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, S
AN-
FORD . I know the State of Georgia loves 
and admires law enforcement as much as we do. 
I am privileged to yield to my neigh-
bor and colleague from Texas, Judge T
EDPOE. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
peace officers are really the last strand of wire in defense between the fox and the chickens. They are the ones that stand between the lawful and the law-less. They protect us from outlaws. Sometimes, they do so without much appreciation from the public. 
Friday, about 11,000 people or more 
gathered for the funeral of Deputy Darren Goforth at the Second Baptist Church in Houston, Texas. Many hun-dreds of others couldn’t get in to any of the service. It was televised live on all four networks. Helicopters flew over during the service. It was hot, and peo-ple stood and gave appreciation to this man. 
He was married to Kathleen. They 
had two children, Ava and Ryan. Ava is 5, and Ryan is 12. He had been a Harris County deputy sheriff for 10 years. I guess every member of the sheriff’s de-partment was at that funeral. 
There were police officers from all 
over the United States there. There were some from Canada and the United Kingdom. I talked to a police officer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.039 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5811 September 8, 2015 
from Connecticut who was in Houston 
for this funeral. He was stunned in a way of appreciation for the people and other peace officers that came for this man’s funeral. 
It affected the whole community and 
still does to a great degree for a lot of reasons. In my other life, I was a pros-ecutor and a judge at the criminal courts building in Houston. I pros-ecuted people who killed peace officers, and I tried cases where peace officers had been killed when I was a judge. It is a grim thing that happens when a peace officer is murdered in the line of duty. 
As my colleague, Mr. C
ULBERSON , 
pointed out, Darren Goforth was get-ting gasoline at a local gas station he stopped at regularly and was filling up his patrol car 2 weeks ago. An assassin came up from behind him and shot him in the back of the head. 
He kept shooting. He finally emptied 
his clip, and 15 times, Deputy Goforth was shot in the back of the head. The assassin fled but was later captured, and a man is charged with capital mur-der. 
There seems to be an environment in 
America that police officers are being targeted. We will leave that for a dif-ferent discussion. These are real peo-ple. They do what most of us would never do. They go out and protect and serve us. Police officers have been re-ferred to as the thin blue line. 
As mentioned earlier, blue is a tradi-
tional color that peace officers wear. They also wear a badge or a star, a star in Texas for deputy sheriffs and Texas Rangers, a badge for local police offi-cers. They place that over their heart, symbolic of the shield that protects us from the lawless. 
They do that all over the country. 
That is why the badge or the star is placed in that location. The badge, the star, it really represents everything that is good and right about law and order and America. 
When a person, a peace officer is 
murdered, it affects all of us. It was en-couraging to me and I think other peace officers to see the community support for Darren Goforth; his wife, Kathleen; Ava; and Ryan. 
A lot of stories were told about this 
wonderful person. Being a police officer was his second career. He loved work-ing on cars. He wanted to make them run, old cars—muscle cars, as we called them in my day. 
He had recently bought his son, 
Ryan, a Captain America T-shirt, and he bought himself one. They didn’t have time to wear it, but at the fu-neral, Ryan, his son, under his suit, wore his Captain America T-shirt. Dep-uty Goforth was buried in his, under-neath his uniform. He was a marvelous individual, a brave and good guy. 
The community not only attended 
the funeral and watched it on TV. As the processional left the church, led by I don’t know how many police officers on motorcycles and then you had the Patriot Guard motorcycle riders and other motorcycle groups at the end of 
the parade going through the Houston area to the cemetery, people stood on the side of the road, put their hand over their heart. 
A lot of money has been raised for 
Darren Goforth’s family. At the loca-tion where he was murdered, a Chevron station, people are still putting up flowers and tributes. 
As my colleague said, apparently, on 
more than one occasion, peace officers have been filling up their patrol cars— and in Houston, patrol officers, Hous-ton officers and county officers, travel alone; there is not two in a car—but while they have been filling up their patrol cars, apparently, on more than one occasion, some citizen has stopped, come up to the officer, and said, ‘‘I got your back,’’ and that was really the message. 
In our area, in the Houston area, we 
are saddened by what happened to this individual, but I think it is true that the community, like that Connecticut officer said, like no other place, is very supportive of peace officers, their fami-lies, and what they do and that we do have their back. The community sup-ports them. 
We mourn with the family; we mourn 
with all peace officers who have lost a brother peace officer, but we are also resolved and resilient that, in the fu-ture, we are going to have their back because respecting and upholding the rule of law is what these men and women do, and we should support them in that effort. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. CULBERSON. Dr. Young looked 
at that young family and said: I want you to know that your father, your husband, did not die in vain because he has steeled the resolve of this Nation to stand behind every man and woman in uniform that defends our liberty and our safety on the streets of America. 
I am proud to yield to my colleague 
from Texas, Dr. B
ABIN. 
Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Texas not only for yielding, but for getting this Special Order together on such a special issue. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Harris County Deputy Sheriff Darren Goforth and all of America’s law enforcement officers. On Friday, August 28, Deputy Goforth was ambushed and murdered while refuel-ing his patrol car in Houston, Texas. 
I am proud to represent a portion of 
the city. Deputy Goforth was a com-mitted 10-year veteran of the police force, a proud husband, and the father of two. 
Tragically, his life was cut short for 
one simple reason: his uniform. It is hard to express my outrage and my contempt for those who have incited this war of hatred and violence toward our Nation’s law enforcement officers. 
Police officers take an oath to pro-
tect and to serve, and it is time they receive the same level of commitment and protection in return. b1945 
In August alone, we have lost five 
other police officers. In 2015, we have seen 24 law enforcement officers gunned down. These brave men and women put their lives on the line every single day for our communities and for the safety of our families. They deserve our support and our respect, and it is a travesty that this situation has gotten to this point. 
This is not an issue of whose life 
matters most. This is a matter of right and of wrong. And what we have seen in recent weeks is absolutely wrong, and it must end now. 
Our community and elected leaders, 
starting with the President of the United States, must stand up for what is right and denounce the hatred being directed at our law enforcement per-sonnel in this country. 
I, personally, could not be more 
thankful and proud of the men and women who police our communities. Last week, I was honored to join in a community celebration of the men and women in blue of Tyler County, Texas, my home—and all over America, as a matter of fact. 
We also gathered together in Jasper 
County, Texas, on Saturday to honor and rally support for America’s first responders; and this week, much of my staff, while I am up here serving in Congress, will be attending an event recognizing the law enforcement per-sonnel of Hardin County, Texas. 
Our law enforcement officers have a 
very difficult job, and it is a shame that the violent rhetoric of a very few are putting their lives at greater risk. 
During this difficult time, I, along 
with an overwhelming majority of Americans, stand in strong solidarity with our law enforcement officers and offer them and their families our un-wavering commitment, attention, and support. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, Dr. 
B
ABIN. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to my col-
league from California (Mr. V ALADAO ) 
to speak on behalf of his constituents and the people of California of their love and respect for our law enforce-ment officers. 
Mr. VALADAO. I thank my colleague 
from Texas for hosting this and allow-ing me the opportunity to speak. 
Madam Speaker, my background is, 
as many of you know and I spoke of many times, I am a farmer from Cali-fornia. One of the things that I have had the opportunity of—and sometimes not always the best opportunity, but I have had a lot of opportunities—is to deal with law enforcement; metal thieves, different folks breaking into houses and doing different types of things. 
I remember one specific night where 
we had a person trespassing, and I showed up and it was dark, 10, 11 at night. I drove up in the middle of the field, had no idea if there was someone behind me, someone coming up behind me or on the side of me. It was just a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.040 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5812 September 8, 2015 
really scary feeling to think that I just 
drove up on this situation. How many people are out here? What are their in-tentions? 
Now, obviously, I called 911, and 
when the police showed up, they run into these situations on a daily basis. 
But the fear that I felt, knowing that 
there were people out there close to me who could have been there for a really, really bad reason, looking to do some-one harm, is something that I just couldn’t imagine doing on a daily basis. 
My wife and I are friends with some 
law enforcement folks in my district, people I grew up with, as my wife did as well. When you look back—and we have had dinners with these folks—and you talk to their spouse or you talk to their kids, you know that their hus-bands, their wives go into these situa-tions on a daily basis. They have to run out there, jump into a situation where they know there is someone out there that could have a gun, could have a weapon, could look to do these people harm. They are the ones that we al-ways call for backup. They are the ones that we always call when there is a desperate situation. And these people are the ones that are being threatened now, today. 
There are so many people out there 
that put so much into their work. But when you look at what our law enforce-ment does for us, every time we dial 911, every time we call for help, every time that we have got a situation that 
is out of our control, they are the peo-ple that step in, without any fear for their own lives, and step up and do what we need them to do. 
To see what has happened, especially 
now in Texas and other parts of the country, where these people are being ambushed, where our protectors, those who keep our families safe, are being attacked from behind, is just some-thing that is unimaginable. 
The fact that we have got a group of 
Members here today, and I know so many more, stepping up and supporting those who do so much for us is some-thing I am thrilled to be a part of, and it is an honor. 
So, again, I want to thank all of 
those who put on the badge and step up to protect us, each and every one of us all throughout the country. So again, thank you for what you do. 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allow-
ing me this opportunity. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, D
AVID. 
I think it is so important for each 
and every one of us, if we get an oppor-tunity, we run across a law enforce-ment officer, just walk up and tell them how much we love them and ap-preciate them and that we have got their back. 
I am delighted to yield to my col-
league from northeastern Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) to express the feeling of 
his constituents about law enforce-ment. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Thank you, Con-
gressman, for having this Special Order on such a somber occasion. Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer 
my support and utmost respect for law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line to protect our commu-nities, as well as to applaud these men and women who take part in their self-less actions every day. 
We sleep safely at night because we 
know the men and women who wear the badges are on the streets looking out for us. They look out for our fami-lies. They look out for our commu-nities, for our country, and words can-not convey how grateful we are to them. 
This year, there have been too many 
reminders that too many of our officers are paying the ultimate sacrifice in the name of service. They risk everything to protect us, and they deserve our ut-most respect. 
Unfortunately, my State of Lou-
isiana has lost nine officers in the line of duty this year, one of the most in the Nation, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. This is a statistic I am not proud of, and I will continue to do all in my power to ensure that all officers in the Nation are safe. 
I want to thank those men and 
women who have sacrificed for Lou-isiana and for the Nation. 
We must always remember that the 
vast majority of law enforcement offi-cers serve because they want to make their community and their country better places, and for that we are very grateful. 
We must always remember that these 
officers step out each day in the face of uncertainty. They never know what situation they will encounter and when a routine traffic stop could turn very tragic. 
Thank you, officers, for putting your 
lives on the line for our safety. Thank you for answering the call to serve and to protect Louisiana and the country. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Speaker, it 
is my privilege to yield to a colleague from northeast Texas, Congressman J
OHNRATCLIFFE . 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I thank my friend 
and colleague from Texas for holding this Special Order and for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, ‘‘to protect and 
serve,’’ those words are much more than just a slogan on the side of police cars across this country. It is a prom-ise, a promise that our men and women in blue fulfill on a daily basis while they serve to uphold the pillars of law and order that our society depends on. Without their work, without their sac-rifice, our communities would be law-less, and our families, our friends, our neighbors, our loved ones would all be in constant jeopardy. 
Thousands of police officers go to 
work each day knowing the danger, knowing that they may have to pay the ultimate sacrifice to provide us with security. Officers like Deputy Goforth of Texas have been targeted for execu-tion and have paid the ultimate price simply because they choose to protect our communities. The recent wave of violence against 
our peace officers simply because they wear a uniform is outrageous. It is ap-palling, and it must end. 
Madam Speaker, I will continue to 
stand with our law enforcement, and I want to personally thank the men and women in law enforcement in the Fourth Congressional District of Texas that I am privileged to represent. 
I want to thank those Texas peace of-
ficers who have reached out to me per-sonally to express their concerns on this issue, like Mike Sullivan in Farm-ersville, Otis Henry in Sherman, Terry Garrett in Heath, Harold Eavenson in Rockwall, Jay Burch in Denison, and Daniel Shiner in Texarkana. 
Thanks to you all. Thanks to all the 
men and women who serve in law en-forcement and serve our communities. You are appreciated. We are grateful. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, J
OHN. 
Madam Speaker, we are here from 
every corner of the United States to tell our men and women in uniform who risk their lives every day to pro-tect us and the safety of our families and our homes how much we appreciate them and love them and we are praying for them and we have got their back. 
It is a privilege to yield to my good 
friend and colleague from Minnesota, Congressman T
OMEMMER . 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and having this Special Order tonight. It is important that we allow time to acknowledge the brave men and women who serve as police officers throughout our country. 
During the August district work pe-
riod, I had the opportunity to partici-pate in an event to memorialize and honor a fallen officer from Minnesota, Officer Tommy Decker. Tommy was an amazing individual who dedicated his life to serving the Cold Spring commu-nity in central Minnesota. 
On Thursday, November 29, 2012, 
while conducting a welfare check, Tommy was ambushed and taken from this world far too soon. At the young age of 31, Tommy had already given 10 years of his life to serve his commu-nity. 
My predecessor, Michele Bachmann, 
worked tirelessly to ensure that Tommy received the recognition he so greatly deserved, and 2 weeks ago we dedicated the Cold Spring Post Office in the name of Officer Tommy Decker, a man who gave his life to the Cold Spring community. 
I was privileged to participate in the 
ceremony on behalf of Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional District and to continue the great work that Michele began. We now have this lasting re-minder of Tommy, his service, and his great heroism to his community. 
We try to thank our military vet-
erans and the servicemen and -women in uniform as much as possible for their work and sacrifice to protect our freedoms and keep us safe. We should do the same for our men and women in police uniforms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.042 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5813 September 8, 2015 
Police are courageous and selfless 
servants in our communities. They pa-trol our streets to keep us safe. Per-haps now more than ever, they not only deserve but need our acknowl-edgement, support, and encourage-ment. 
Every day, police officers across this 
country go to work not knowing what they are going to encounter, all the while knowing that, regardless, it is their duty to, quite literally, serve and protect. 
Tommy and all of the men and 
women who proudly wear their police uniforms are looked up to by many, and we all owe them so much. 
Thank you to all of our police offi-
cers across the United States. We pray for your safe return home tonight and every night. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Speaker, it 
is important that the law enforcement community know that, while we are waiting to hear from the President of the United States, the Members of Con-gress are stepping forward tonight from every corner of the country to ex-press our love and support for our law enforcement community. 
I am privileged at this time to yield 
to my colleague from California’s 25th District, Congressman S
TEVE KNIGHT . 
Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Speaker, I ap-
preciate Mr. C ULBERSON putting this 
together and allowing us time to talk about our heroes on the street. 
During your shift as a police officer 
or as a sheriff’s deputy, you go into roll call or you go into briefing and start your day with info or assignments. You check out your equipment. You go over and you get in your car. You go to the gas pumps and you fill up the gas. And you might talk to some of the other of-ficers or the other deputies about what is happening on the street or what hap-pened the night before, and you start your day. 
Your day might start off with talk-
ing to your partner and trying to find 
out a little bit more about them if you don’t know them, because that happens on a day-to-day basis—new officers are put in with officers every day—just trying to find out what your thoughts are, what your tactics are, what your training is, and how you feel like you are going to feel out these situations. This is the start of a police officer’s day. 
For 18 years I was a Los Angeles po-
lice officer, and I served on the front lines in a police car for 17 of those 18 years. So, as they say, I was out push-ing the sled around for 12 hours a day, snooping and pooping, looking for bad guys, and protecting and serving. On the side of my car, that is exactly what it said, ‘‘to protect and to serve.’’ That is what a police officer does. 
It is not like the shows that you see 
on TV. Some of it is boring time, some of it is high adrenalin, but all of it is service to the community. Every sec-ond, every minute of your shift is serv-ice to the community. 
So if we are out there enforcing the 
law, making a traffic stop, making an arrest, or just, as 1–Adam-12 used to do, 
go and respond to a ‘‘see the man,’’ ‘‘see the woman,’’ and help and just serve, that is a day-to-day. 
I didn’t know Deputy Goforth, but I 
feel like he was a brother in arms be-cause he was. He was someone who went out and served his community, served them with honor, served them with integrity. And I am sure that the community is better for his years of service. 
b2000 
I am sure over the next decade or 
generations that they won’t forget Deputy Goforth’s commitment to the community. There will be a memorial. There will be a yearly service. People will talk about what he meant to the community. 
I was in the 990 class in LAPD. The 
very first female officer who died in the line of duty for LAPD was in the 590 class. Our class was taken out of its normal duty of going and learning how to be a professional law enforcement officer, and we went to the service for that officer. 
Tina Kerbrat was the very first fe-
male officer who died in LAPD, and it was very similar to Deputy Goforth. It was basically a shooting, an assassina-tion. 
This will always stay with you when 
you go to a law enforcement officer’s funeral. You will never forget it. You will see the thousands of people. 
Just like many of the Members said 
today, the thousands of people that came from other departments all over the country, all over the world, come to pay their respects to the law en-forcement professional who did every-thing that they could to protect their community. 
My squadron leader in my academy 
class died in Afghanistan. He was a law enforcement officer with LAPD who was a SWAT officer. He did his duty, went to Afghanistan to fight for our ideals and for our morals with the United States Marine Corps. He died in Afghanistan doing the same thing that he would do on a 24-hour-a-day basis, protecting what we believe here in America. 
I am honored to be able to stand and 
talk about our heroes on the street, talk about the people who protect our community on a day-to-day basis, put their lives on the line so that we can live the life that we choose. 
Mr. CULBERSON. S
TEVE , thank you 
for your service to the people of Los Angeles and California. 
I think, as Congressman K
NIGHT said, 
it is so important to remember that these young men and women are serv-ing their community. They do it out of the goodness of their heart and the love for their neighbors, to help their fellow man to try to make their com-munities a better place. 
God bless you. Thank you for your 
service. 
I am proud to have with us tonight 
the congressman from the Ninth Dis-trict of North Carolina (Mr. 
P
ITTENGER ) to express the feelings of 
the people of North Carolina that he represents about law enforcement. 
Mr. PITTENGER. Thank you. I am so 
grateful that the gentleman from Texas took the leadership in honoring and paying tribute to those who defend and protect us in our own commu-nities. 
Madam Speaker, tonight I can think 
of Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Offi-cers Harlan Proctor, Ashley Brown, and Scott Evett who, in the aftermath of a horrific domestic violence homi-cide and arson earlier this year, used their own time and their own money to purchase clothes and toys for the chil-dren left behind. They never expected to get any type of recognition. 
Madam Speaker, I think of my friend 
Detective Shane Page, who volunteered for the Violent Criminal Apprehension Team, who was shot and seriously wounded while attempting to arrest a dangerous suspect who was hiding out in a quiet neighborhood. 
Earlier this year I met Cornelius Po-
lice Lieutenant James Quattlebaum at Carolinas Medical Center. He had just been shot earlier that day while re-sponding to a domestic disturbance. 
And Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police 
Lieutenant Nate King was conducting routine police business last year when a frantic mother drove up and placed a lifeless baby in his arms. The 6-month- old baby was choking to death. But thanks to Lieutenant King’s lifesaving efforts, the little girl made a full re-covery. 
Every day thousands of brave super-
heroes go to work to serve and protect our children, our homes, and our com-munities. The pay is low. The hours are long. They are often screamed at. They are hit. They are spit upon and even bitten. Yet, they show back up for work each and every day. Would we? 
Madam Speaker, we should encour-
age greater dialogue between our local police departments and the commu-nity, and we should encourage the best possible training. We should demand accountability because no one is above the law. 
However, we should also teach our 
children to have a healthy respect for law enforcement and work hard to rec-ognize the bravery and everyday good deeds of America’s law enforcement. We expect them to be at their best when we are at our worst. 
Thank you to America’s law enforce-
ment, who are truly committed to both serve and to protect. 
Mr. CULBERSON. R
OBERT , thank 
you very much. 
We are still waiting, Mr. President, 
for you to step up and tell America how proud you are of our law enforce-ment men and women and to hear you condemn, Mr. President, this violent, dangerous rhetoric that is encouraging mentally unbalanced people to attack our law enforcement officers, as Dep-uty Sheriff Goforth was murdered in Houston, Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.043 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5814 September 8, 2015 
We are still waiting, Mr. President. 
But while we wait, Members of Con-gress are standing here on the floor to-night to tell America how proud we are of our men and women in uniform. 
I am proud to yield to my colleague 
and friend from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). 
Mr. OLSON. I thank my fellow Texan 
from the Seventh Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, Mr. C
ULBERSON . 
My friends, America has a problem. I 
have lived here for 52 years and I have never heard the word ‘‘assassination’’ in the same sentence as ‘‘police offi-cer’’ or ‘‘sheriff’s deputy’’ as I have in the past 6 months. 
Harris County Deputy Sheriff Darren 
Goforth was assassinated a few weeks ago doing his job. As my colleagues mentioned, he was in uniform, pumping gas at a service station in his sheriff’s cruiser in a very nice neighborhood in Houston, Texas, and gunned down in cold blood, assassinated. 
The shooter shot and shot and shot 
and shot and shot and shot and shot and shot and shot until Deputy Goforth dropped dead protecting us. 
He left behind a wife, Kathleen, and 
two young kids who won’t have a fa-ther walk them down the aisle when they get married. 
I want to go up there to the site of 
the assassination and pray with fellow Texans. I took this picture yesterday at the Chevron gas station. 
As you can see, there are flowers ev-
erywhere and notes and stuffed ani-mals, little stuffed teddy bears. This was replayed over and over and over. That was just one day. 
And right on the sidewalk are all 
sorts of colored chalk with messages for Deputy Sheriff Goforth. ‘‘Darren Goforth, we love you,’’ ‘‘Thank you,’’ ‘‘Rest in peace.’’ 
I felt rejuvenated about America at 
that moment, but it got better. 
I am coming home to Sugar Land, 
Texas. That is my neighborhood. It is at Alcorn Oaks Drive and Oakland Drive in my hometown. 
These are six amazing young Texans 
with a lemonade stand for police. It says ‘‘Blue lives matter.’’ These kids get it. They get it. They get it. We should love and praise our officers and thank them, thank them, thank them for their sacrifice. 
I have to mention, too, my friend, I 
bought a glass of lemonade there, the most expensive one I have ever pur-chased, close to $20. 
In closing, these men and women pro-
tect us every single day from people who want to hurt us and hurt our fami-lies. They deserve our love, support, and admiration, and to know that we always have their backs. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, P
ETE. 
It is a privilege to yield to my col-
league representing the people of cen-tral Indiana, the Congresswoman from the Fifth District, Congresswoman S
USAN BROOKS . 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. I want to 
thank the gentleman from Texas for holding this very important Special Order tonight because now, more than 
ever, it is more important than ever that we recognize and thank our Na-tion’s law enforcement officers. These are the loyal and selfless men and women all across America who wake up each and every day and serve our com-munity. 
Madam Speaker, police officers are 
an integral part of our communities and our neighborhoods, working every day and at all hours to keep us safe. From downtown city blocks to small town squares, from country roads to busy highways, our Nation’s law en-forcement officers are always there, al-ways ready to serve. 
As we have heard, they are fathers 
and brothers, mothers and sisters, hus-bands, wives, sons, and daughters. Some are friends. Some are neighbors. Some are the strangers that we see every day. 
But we often don’t even see them. 
They are on our morning commutes. They are on our trips to the grocery store. They are all around us. 
They are fellow citizens who have an-
swered the call to serve and protect and, in some cases, pay the ultimate sacrifice for the safety and welfare of those in their communities. They pro-tect their families and loved ones, and they protect the lives of complete strangers day in and day out. 
You may not know, but throughout 
U.S. history, over 20,000 law enforce-ment officers have made the ultimate sacrifice. Last year four Hoosiers lost their lives while upholding their vow to serve and protect. 
And, unfortunately, as we have seen, 
this has been an incredibly deadly Au-gust. Violence against police officers has skyrocketed recently, with six offi-cers being mercilessly gunned down by individuals who neither respect law and order nor the value of human life. These officers’ sacrifices as well as that of their families do not go unnoticed or unappreciated. 
In fact, this August the family of 
Jake Laird, an officer who was gunned down in August of 2004—and we have to think about the families—held another golf outing in order to raise money for more protective vests for law enforce-ment and more personal safety equip-ment for firefighters. 
These families—and I have seen 
them. I have witnessed them firsthand. They are remarkable families. They display courage in the face of adver-sity, compassion in the face of hard-ship, and an undying commitment to serve the communities in which they live. We must thank them, the families and the officers. 
So today I salute the men and women 
in uniform who every day head out to the streets. They cover their beats. They patrol their precincts. They take up again without fail the call to serve and protect. 
We must be thankful for their service 
and send our thoughts and prayers to their loved ones because, without hesi-tation, we must renew our appreciation for and our steadfast commitment to 
the heroic men and women who are part of that thin blue line. Please thank a police officer. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Speaker, 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 12 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. CULBERSON. At this time, it is 
my privilege to yield to my colleague and good friend representing the people of North Carolina, Ms. F
OXX. 
Ms. FOXX. I want to thank my col-
league from Texas (Mr. C ULBERSON ) for 
organizing and conducting this Special Order tonight to honor our law enforce-ment personnel. 
I do my best every time I see some-
one in law enforcement to say thank you. I go out of my way to say thank you. 
I point out to them, whether they are 
local, State, or national people in law enforcement, that we owe to them and to our military people the ability that we have to move around this country and do the things that we do every day because of their willingness to serve and to put their lives on the line every single day of their lives. 
We have seen, unfortunately, in the 
past few weeks a spate of senseless killings of our wonderful law enforce-ment people. And I think it is wonder-ful, again, that my colleagues are here tonight to say thank you. 
I want to encourage them, also—and 
I know many do—to say thank you to our law enforcement people every day as they go about protecting us, our families. I want to thank their fami-lies, also, for the sacrifices they make. 
Thank you, Congressman C
ULBERSON , 
for your efforts. 
b2015 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Speaker, it 
is my privilege now to yield to the gen-tleman from northern California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), representing the First Dis-
trict. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Thank you to my 
colleague, Mr. C ULBERSON . It is really, 
really good and proper that you are having this time here tonight, and I am glad to be able to join you with that. 
Madam Speaker, it is amazing to me 
that we even have to have this con-versation. It is always a good conversa-tion to have to honor our officers that put their lives on the line in so many aspects of our lives, whether it is high-way patrol or sheriff or city police, park rangers, fish and game. All of them out there have some level of risk in order to maintain what it is we want in a free society for our security. 
What is so tragic about what is hap-
pening lately is it is coming down to a racial issue, so much that the sides are becoming much sharper and sharper as to what America is or what Americans are about. We need to get together on this. The enforcement of the law, the upholding of the law, the protection of families, of homes, this cuts across all lines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.044 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5815 September 8, 2015 
Indeed, I just saw a bit on the news a 
few minutes ago here where a gen-tleman in Florida—his name is George Cooper, as I recall; he happens to be Black. He came to the defense of an of-ficer who happens to be White who was being beaten in some type of an alter-cation there where he was trying to do his job. 
There are examples where, as the 
gentleman said in the interview, it isn’t a race thing, it doesn’t matter who is White or who is Black in this thing, it is about upholding the law and about having safe neighborhoods for all of us for Americans to be able to thrive. 
It is tragic that so much is going on 
trying to pit Americans against each other. Yes, we have problems; we have issues that need to be resolved within how some may enforce the law, but we have protocols for that. We need to make sure that they are followed and they are prosecuted, but it doesn’t make the whole aura of law enforce-ment somehow wrong. 
Indeed, the effects we are seeing with 
cities now where cops are backing off, crime rates are going up, murders are going up in some of these cities here dramatically—I heard in one of the cit-ies that it is 96 percent. 
This is not what we want. It is not 
good for the families, for the moms that have to watch their kids go out the door and wonder if they are going to come back because there isn’t that law enforcement. 
I want to share with you a piece, 
though, that I think really encap-sulates this, by a great American, Paul Harvey, from some years ago: What are Policemen Made Of? 
A policemen is a composite of what all men 
are, mingling of a saint and sinner, dust and deity. 
Gulled statistics wave the fan over the 
stinkers, underscore instances of dishonesty and brutality because they are ‘‘new.’’ What they really mean is that they are excep-tional, unusual, not commonplace. 
Buried under the frost is the fact: Less 
than one-half of 1 percent of policemen mis-fit the uniform. That’s a better average than you’d find among clergy. 
What is a policeman made of? He, among 
all men, is once the most needed and the most unwanted. He’s a strangely nameless creature who is ‘‘sir’’ to his face and ‘‘pig’’ or ‘‘fuzz’’ to his back. 
He must be such a diplomat that he can 
settle differences between individuals so that each will think he won. 
But . . . if the policeman is neat, he’s con-
ceited; if he’s careless, he’s a bum. If he’s pleasant, he’s flirting; if not, he’s a grouch. 
He must make an instant decision which 
would require months for a lawyer to make. 
But . . . if he hurries, he’s careless; if he’s 
deliberate, he’s lazy. He must be first to an accident and infallible with his diagnosis. He must be able to start breathing, stop bleed-ing, tie splints, and, above all, be sure the victim goes home without a limp. Or expect to be sued. 
The police officer must know every gun, 
draw on the run, and hit where it doesn’t hurt. He must be able to whip two men twice his size and half his age without damaging his uniform and without being ‘‘brutal.’’ If you hit him, he’s a coward. If he hits you, he’s a bully. A policeman must know everything—and 
not tell. He must know where all the sin is and not partake. 
A policeman must, from a single strand of 
hair, be able to describe the crime, the weap-on and the criminal—and tell you where the criminal is hiding. 
But . . . if he catches the criminal, he’s 
lucky; if he doesn’t, he’s a dunce. If he gets promoted, he has political pull; if he doesn’t, he’s a dullard. The policeman must chase a bum lead to a dead-end, stake out 10 nights to tag one witness who saw it happen—but refused to remember. 
The policeman must be a minister, a social 
worker, a diplomat, a tough guy, and a gen-tleman. 
And, of course, he’d have to be genius...for 
he will have to feed his family on a police-man’s salary. 
This is just a sample of what officers 
go through across this country where they, giving of themselves in service many times, especially in this present environment, feel like they are some-how made wrong for having done so. 
We are here to uphold that tonight 
and tell them: You are doing it right. We support you and appreciate the thin blue line. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 5 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I 
think that Congressman L
AMALFA ex-
pressed it very well. Police officers are expected to do their job perfectly every time and in so many ways that we can-not even imagine the work that they do to help keep us safe, the work that they do to improve our communities, the sacrifices that they make on a per-sonal level. 
They are counselors; they are men-
tors; they are enforcers, and above all, they are preservers and protectors of our liberty because, without law en-forcement, there is no liberty. That re-sponsibility is vested in one person in our Constitution. Only the President of the United States is charged by our Founders in the Constitution with faithfully taking care that the law be faithfully executed. 
We are still waiting, Mr. President. 
We are still waiting for you to step up, as we are here tonight, to say how proud you are of our men and women in blue, who protect us every night and every day and must do their job per-fectly, as D
OUGLAMALFA just told us, 
every man and woman who wears the uniform, who would step in front of a bullet for each and every one of us. 
We are still waiting, Mr. President, 
for you to condemn the vital rhetoric that tell the men and women across this Nation, who defend us every day on the streets of America, how proud you are, Mr. President. We need you to step up and tell them, tell us all, how proud you are of their sacrifice, of their service, of their dedication, to tell all the widows and the children of Darren Goforth and all the other offi-cers who have lost their lives that their father’s loss, their mother’s loss, their sacrifice was not in vain. As Dr. Ed Young told us all last Fri-
day at 11 a.m., the sacrifice that Darren Goforth made galvanized the people of Houston, the people of Texas. We see it across the Nation from Cali-fornia to Missouri to Indiana, to the East Coast. The people of America stand behind our law enforcement offi-cers. 
We are proud of you. We love you. We 
respect you. We recognize what a sac-rifice you have made for not enough money to protect us. We know all that you do. We understand the burden that you and your family carry. 
As Kathleen Goforth said in her 
statement of her late husband: 
There are no words for this. Darren was an 
incredibly intricate blend of toughness and gentility. He was always loyal, fiercely so. Darren was ethical. The right thing to do is what guided his internal compass. 
She said: 
Darren was good. If people want to know 
what kind of man he was, this is it. Darren was who you wanted for a friend, a colleague, and a neighbor. However, it was I who was blessed so richly, that I had the privilege of calling him my husband and my best friend. 
We are immensely proud of every 
man and woman who wears the uni-form, and we will not forget the sac-rifice of Darren Goforth or all the other men and women who preserve our liberty and protect our lives and put their lives on the line for us every day. We are immensely proud of you. 
If the President of the United States 
won’t say it, we will here in this House, that we stand behind you, we are proud of you, we pray for you every day, and we have got your back. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
UCK). Members are reminded to ad-
dress their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 64, DISAPPROVAL OF AGREEMENT RELATING TO NU-CLEAR PROGRAM OF IRAN; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Ms. FOXX (during the special order 
of Mr. C
ULBERSON ) from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–256) on the resolution (H. Res. 408) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 64) dis-approving of the agreement trans-mitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran; and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank our Republican col-leagues for reminding us that this Na-tion is dependent upon those men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.046 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5816 September 8, 2015 
women that serve as police officers, as 
deputy sheriffs, and in other positions. 
Certainly, the deaths that we have 
seen and the murders that we have seen in recent days are a tragedy, and they cannot go without our notice. I appreciate it. 
I don’t, however, think it is the 
President’s fault, so let us move on here. 
I want to talk about something that 
is coming up here in the next couple of days, an extremely important issue for all of us. While violence in America and violence against police officers are important issues, this issue is also ex-tremely important. 
The Congress of the United States is 
going to take up the issue of the Iran deal, the nuclear deal between the P5+1—China, Russia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and the United States—negotiated over the course of 2-plus years an agreement with Iran that would block Iran’s ability to cre-ate a nuclear weapon. 
Prior to this agreement, the Iranian 
Government, in secret, was rapidly moving towards the development of a nuclear weapon. They had created an infrastructure that included the var-ious centrifuges to concentrate the uranium into low-enriched uranium and then on into highly enriched ura-nium, which is the uranium that is necessary for a nuclear weapon. 
They are also in the process of build-
ing a heavy water reactor that would be capable of producing plutonium, the other route to a nuclear weapon. This was done in secret over many years, dating back probably 15, maybe even 20 years. 
For the last 10 years, the United 
States has placed sanctions on Iran to try to convince them that they should not be developing a nuclear weapon, that there would be significant eco-nomic sanctions and other sanctions imposed on the country. 
Those sanctions did not go success-
fully. The Congress of the United States added sanctions. I, together with many of my colleagues here, I think almost unanimously on the floor of the House voted to impose those ever harsher sanctions, but it didn’t work until the P5+1 got together. 
Secretary Clinton at that time, 3 
years ago, 4 years ago, worked with those countries, persuading them to sit down at the table together with the United States to see if it was possible to negotiate an agreement with Iran that would prevent Iran from ever hav-ing a nuclear weapon. This spring, the agreements began to come together, and in June, July, the agreements were culminated. 
I want to talk tonight about those 
agreements and what they mean to the United States, to the Middle East, and to the world. The very short way of saying this is that this agreement is the most recent and the most signifi-cant nonnuclear proliferation agree-ment in the last decade, maybe even longer. Iran was very, very close to a nuclear 
weapon, so much so that it was be-lieved that they could have a nuclear weapon very soon. Perhaps in 3 to 5 months, they could have material for perhaps nine weapons and be able to perfect those weapons into a bomb that could be delivered through their mis-sile systems or through some mecha-nism. 
Where are we today? We are going to 
vote. As I understand, I think there is a rule that just came across the desk a few moments ago that would put us in line to vote up or down on the Iranian agreement, and I understand that that vote will be taking place on Friday of this week—a very, very significant mo-ment in the history of nuclear pro-liferation or nonproliferation. 
Let’s take a look at where we are. 
First, the agreement came about as a result of six nations, the largest econo-mies in the world, sitting down and ne-gotiating with Iran. 
What did those countries think about 
the deal that they signed onto? 
b2030 
This isn’t just the United States. 
This deal was signed onto by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China, and the United States. 
So, if the United States Congress— 
the House and the Senate—were to trash this agreement, what do those countries think? 
We don’t have to guess what they 
think. They actually have said, cat-egorically, their position on the deal, and their position is clear. We signed onto it, they said. We agreed to this deal, and here is what we think if the United States Congress negates this deal. 
Let’s start with the French. Frederic 
Dore, the French Embassy Deputy Chief of Mission, said this in meetings with the United States Senate—and I understand that we will be meeting with the representatives of these coun-tries later this week. 
The position of the French is: World 
powers have secured the best deal pos-sible with Iran. 
The best deal possible. All right. How about Germany? The German Government’s position 
is—as stated by Philipp Ackermann, the Acting German Ambassador to the United States, before the U.S. Senate and, again, in the Foreign Policy mag-azine, on August 6, 2015—the prospect of the rejection of a deal makes us nervous. It would be a nightmare for every European country if this deal is rejected. 
Then there is the United Kingdom, 
again, in the Foreign Policy magazine, on August 6, in words similar to this, or, perhaps, these exact words were said to the U.S. Senate a couple of weeks ago: 
If Congress rejects this good deal and 
the U.S. is forced to walk away, Iran will be left with an unconstrained nu-clear program with far weaker moni-toring arrangements than the current international consensus on sanctions, 
and the current international con-sensus on sanctions would unravel, and international unity and pressure on Iran would be seriously undermined. 
The P5+1 all signed onto the agree-
ment, and all but the United States has said categorically: Therefore, the agreement. They are not looking to re-negotiate, only the United States. So it is up to us, the Members of Congress, to decide whether to stay with the agreement that was negotiated by the United States Government and five other countries and confirmed by the European Union and the United Na-tions. 
So where do we go? Let’s assume for a moment that the 
Senate and the House reject the deal. Will these countries come back to the negotiating table? 
The information we have from the 
meeting with the United States Sen-ators—and all of these countries were there—was, no, they are not going to go back to the negotiating table. I think I said ‘‘all of these countries.’’ I don’t think China and Russia were at that meeting. Yet the word is that they are not going to go back to the negoti-ating table, so we would have to nego-tiate by ourselves. Keep in mind that we attempted to do that for many, many years without any success. It was only when all of these countries got to-gether that the sanctions really hit Iran in such a way that they decided to come to the table and to make the agreement which is now before the Congress. 
Let’s go about that deal. What is it? 
This is basically what it is here. 
The deal blocks for at least 15 years— 
and, quite possibly, indefinitely into the future—Iran’s ability to develop a nuclear weapon. 
I am going to come back to this 
timeline, but I want to go here first. 
So no deal. Without a deal. If the 
United States Congress this week and next week vote to do away with the deal, then where are we? 
Iran has sufficient low enriched ura-
nium and the ability to further enrich that uranium to highly enriched ura-nium—in other words, weapons grade uranium—for approximately nine nu-clear bombs. The number of centrifuges that they presently have are some 19,000 centrifuges, and that would be used to complete the enrichment proc-ess. Then the time to produce a bomb’s worth of material—highly enriched uranium—is a couple of months, 2 or 3 months. 
Presumably, under the present situa-
tion, with no deal, Iran would be able to move forward, as they have been in the past, for the full development of nuclear weapons within a matter of months. That is not a good situation. 
However, with a deal, where are we? Iran’s low enriched uranium and 
what amount of highly enriched ura-nium they have would be significantly reduced to an amount that would be in-sufficient to make even one nuclear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.048 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5817 September 8, 2015 
weapon, and there would be verifica-
tion procedures to assure that they would not be able to make any addi-tional nuclear weapons. The number of centrifuges that they would be able to have are old, antiquated, and would be some 6,000-plus, and all four pathways to a nuclear bomb are blocked. That is the choice we have. That is the choice we have. 
Now, what does this mean over time? Over time, for a long time—25 years 
or more—the implementation of addi-tional protocols, commitments to re-process plutonium, and the non-proliferation treaty obligations remain in place indefinitely into the future— way beyond 25 years. So, as for the nonproliferation treaty, they have upped it once more. They have agreed to it again. Now, granted, they weren’t paying attention to it in the past, but now we have verification procedures. 
Secondly, there would be continuous 
surveillance of uranium mines and mills so that we know what they are doing. Are they mining uranium? What are they doing with it? What are their mills doing? That would continue for 25 years. 
There would be continued surveil-
lance of centrifuge production for 20 years. Now, you don’t make highly en-riched uranium in procedures other than centrifuges unless you go to some very, very advanced procedures, which we do not believe Iran can do, and those procedures that are currently available to Iran and would be into the future are monitored for 20 years. 
The low enriched stockpile, which is 
several thousand kilograms, would be reduced and capped at 300 kilograms, and there would be no further enrich-ment for new highly enriched uranium beyond a very, very small amount for research purposes; and the heavy water reactor that could produce plutonium within a matter of a couple of years would be, basically, decommissioned and be unable to produce plutonium, and that would go for the next 15 years. In the short period of time, 10 years to 15 years, these other procedures that prevent the operation of the cen-trifuges would be in place. 
This is how you block the path to nu-
clear weapons. All of these procedures are in place. Scientists, physicists, gen-erals, and others have all looked at this and have all come to the conclu-sion that, hey, this works. This will block Iran from developing a nuclear weapon for a minimum of 15 years, probably 20 years, and assuming that we are able to hold them to the agree-ment, 25 years and beyond. That is the nonproliferation treaty. 
Now, all of this, of course, is depend-
ent upon verification. We don’t trust Iran. We don’t need to trust Iran. In fact, we should go into this not trust-ing Iran. Therefore, do we have suffi-cient verification procedures in place to hold Iran to the deal? 
The answer is yes. The International Atomic Energy 
Agency, the IAEA, is and has been for decades the United Nations’ watchdog 
for the nonproliferation treaty. They have been in Iran in the past. They have observed cheating. They have ob-served obfuscation. However, under the new agreement, the doors are open to all of the facilities that are known to be involved in the nuclear production and the nuclear bomb activities. There is an additional procedure that, within 24 days, should there be an indication of a site that is not now known to be involved in nuclear activity, the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy, would be able to observe what is going on at that site. As for the other sites—the secret sites of the past—we would have the IAEA observing, moni-toring, and verifying that the agree-ment is being held to its standard. 
We also have other methods of know-
ing what is going on in Iran. Nuclear material leaves a radiation signature. We have the capability of reading those signatures and understanding in detail what is going on at any particular site—past, present, and into the future. 
The verifications that are in this 
treaty are built upon the fact that we do not trust Iran, and, therefore, these verification procedures are the most robust, comprehensive, and extensive in any proliferation treaty with Russia or anybody else. So that is in place. 
Now, what if they do cheat? If they do cheat and if they do not 
honor the agreement, we will know. That is what the verification is all about. It is agreed by the P5+1—that is the United Kingdom, which is Britain; France; Germany; Russia; China; the U.N.; and the European Union—that should there be a breach of the proce-dures in this deal that the sanctions— the toughest of them—would automati-cally snap back into place and would continue to apply the kind of eco-nomic-social pressure on Iran that brought them to the negotiating table in the first place. 
Can we trust these countries to snap 
back? 
I believe we can. It is an agreement 
that they have made not just with the United States but with each other. 
Now, if they don’t, we still have our 
own sanctions, which are tough, which provide us with an ability to put a lot of pressure on Iran, even though not as much as the other countries together with us could do; but, nonetheless, those sanctions are always available to us now and on into the future should Iran renege in any way on this deal. 
There are a couple of other things 
about this that we need to consider. 
There is a lot of talk that this deal 
would free a vast amount of money that Iran has had sequestered—having been known to get their hands on a vast amount of money. The numbers bandied about are $150 billion. It has been said by the Treasury Department and by the Secretary of State that the amount is actually closer to $100 bil-lion. That is a lot of money. There is great fear—and, I think, appro-priately—that Iran would use that money to advance, enhance, and in-
crease its support of terrorism around the world—specifically in the Middle East—and against Israel. 
b2045 
I suppose that is a possibility. But 
when an analysis is done of that money, about $40 billion of that $100 billion is owed to other countries and other entities outside of Iran. 
So as soon as that sanction is re-
moved and that money is available, then $40 billion of the $100 billion is not available to Iran. It is in some other country’s hand. 
The remaining money presumably 
could be used for support of terrorist activities. However, we should keep in mind that Iran has been heavily hit by the existing sanctions, so much so that their economy is in terrible condition. 
Their infrastructure, specifically in 
the oil arena, is woefully old, inad-equate, and not capable of significant production. So they are going to need to invest a lot of money in that and in other infrastructure. 
How much money would be available 
for terrorism? Far more than we would want. And, therefore, we need to be certain that our support for those countries that are fighting the ter-rorist activity in the Middle East and beyond have the full support of the United States Government, people, and our Treasury. 
It is going to cost us some money, 
but this is something we are going to have to do. We must make certain that Israel has whatever it needs to counter whatever terrorist threats there may be and whatever threats there may be in the more conventional military sense. 
Already we are preparing to ship to 
Israel our most advanced fighters, the F–35, which is just now coming off our production lines, and there will be a lot of other equipment made available. 
Certainly, with regard to intel-
ligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance, we will continue to work with Israel very closely as we have for many, many years, in fact, decades. All of that is there. 
We also need to be aware that the 
other Gulf state countries and other countries in the area that have been subject to Iranian attacks and trouble need our support. 
We should also be willing, as we have 
in the past and as we are committed to now, to provide them with the support that they need to push back not only on terrorism, but on overt Iranian military activity. 
So here we are. Deal? No deal? No 
deal. Is there a better deal? Highly un-likely that the P5+1 will ever come back together again to negotiate a bet-ter deal. 
So we would probably almost cer-
tainly have to do it by ourselves. We have already proved in the past, before the P5+1 went into existence, that we were not successful alone negotiating a deal with Iran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.049 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5818 September 8, 2015 
The sanctions by our country alone 
were insufficient. But, as a global com-munity, we were sufficient. And that is where the P5+1 comes in. Listen care-fully to what those countries are say-ing about a renegotiation, ‘‘not like-ly.’’ 
So where are we? I believe we have to 
support this deal that was put together by these six major countries, supported by the European Union and the United Nations. This is the path that would block all paths to a nuclear weapon that Iran might be able to pursue for at least the next 15 years and beyond. 
I ask my colleagues to look hard at 
this. Unfortunately, a lot of the news-papers are portraying this as a partisan fight. I don’t believe it is. I know that many of my colleagues on the Demo-cratic side and certainly what appears to be most Republicans, if not all, are opposed to the deal. I am certain many of them have their own reasons for that opposition. 
But I think, when you take a com-
prehensive look at this deal, when you look at all of the elements, that is, what happens if there is no deal and Iran can immediately restart its nu-clear weapons program, you go, ‘‘Whoa. That is not a good thing.’’ 
On the other hand, if this deal holds, 
then Iran will be prevented from hav-ing a nuclear weapon for at least 15 years, quite probably 20 years. 
Should they continue to honor the 
nonproliferation treaty, then it would go on indefinitely. That is a good thing. And, therefore, I support this ne-gotiated deal and I ask my colleagues to do the same. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I have com-
pleted my time on the floor. 
I notice that two of my colleagues 
are here to speak to the passing of one of our Members of this House who served here for many, many years. 
f 
HONORING REPRESENTATIVE 
LOUIS STOKES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) is recognized for the 
remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to extend deepest thanks to Con-gressman G
ARAMENDI for sharing his 
time with us and, also, to Congress-woman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , who 
has been waiting almost an hour to share her memories of a very great American. 
We are here this evening, Mr. Speak-
er, and we rise to honor the illustrious career of a dear friend and stellar col-league, the late Congressman Louis Stokes from Cleveland, Ohio. 
Our hearts are heavy, but immensely 
grateful for his path-breaking life and legendary generous service. As the first African American Member of Congress elected to serve from Ohio, he wrote new history for America, for Ohio, every day of his life. Rising from the public housing 
projects of Cleveland, he and his broth-er Carl became revered as they built a more inclusive and representative America. What courage and passion that required. 
A proud, personable, and gracious 
man whose fashion and manner exuded dignity, it was actually never his aspi-ration to be a politician. He opted in-stead to serve the local neighborhoods of Cleveland, where he grew up, after returning from 3 years of service in the U.S. Army during World War II. 
After using his GI benefits to go to 
college, Lou served in the Veterans Ad-ministration and the Treasury Depart-ment before attending law school. He loved the law. He loved being a lawyer, and he loved writing laws here. 
His enlightened leadership moved 
America forward socially, economi-cally, and legally. In Congress, his gen-tlemanly demeanor and sharp intellect allowed him to chair, again, as the first African American, the Appropriations subcommittee on Veterans, Housing and Urban Development, and Inde-pendent Agencies. 
As a much newer, younger Member of 
Congress, I had the great privilege of serving under him as he chaired that important committee. 
He also chaired the House Select 
Committee on Assassinations and served on the House Select Committee to investigate covert arms transactions with Iran. His agile legal mind was evi-dent in the investigations he con-ducted. 
The people of Cleveland and Ohio 
have been blessed throughout his life and hold abiding gratitude for his ex-traordinary accomplishments and gen-erous spirit. I can still hear his laugh. 
I am privileged, actually, to have 
served with Congressman Stokes for al-most a quarter century and hold last-ing memories of his deep love for his wife, for his mother, for his brother, for his children, and his grandchildren. 
He had indefatigable and inspired ef-
forts to gain respect and equal justice in the law for all of our citizens. And he saw progress, great progress, in his lifetime that we have so far to go. 
I witnessed his perseverance in build-
ing America’s communities forward and his dedication to meeting our Na-tion’s obligations to veterans, to ad-vance space science, and to catapult Cleveland’s health and human services to the top rung of national assets. 
I have so many memories of Con-
gressman Stokes. I can remember one time in a subcommittee he had the head of Arlington Cemetery come up, and he had these big volumes that he brought with him of who were the vet-erans who were interred there. 
And Congressman Stokes pointed out 
to the entire committee, ‘‘Go down and read the roster.’’ And the roster said, ‘‘No name,’’ ‘‘No name,’’ ‘‘No name,’’ ‘‘No name.’’ And Congressman Stokes informed us that, in fact, those were Africa Americans who had died in serv-ice to our country, but they were bur-ied with no name at Arlington. And he 
made sure that that area was espe-cially recognized, and he was writing history for America for the first time. 
I thought, wow, this isn’t 1870. This 
was in the 1980s and 1990s. He was a great teacher. 
I shall sorely miss his dogged deter-
mination, easy smile, keen and meas-ured counsel, and persevering nature. 
The last time we were together was 
at a Fair Housing meeting in Cleve-land, Ohio, just a few months ago. Looking back on his generous attend-ance at age 90 and looking in really great shape, I think it was his way—he hadn’t told anyone yet what was ailing him, but I think it was his way of say-ing good-bye. 
What a gracious gentleman he was. 
What a gifted leader has lived among us. 
I am going to place in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD a special story that was 
in the Cleveland Plain Dealer entitled, ‘‘Lou Stokes—The Congressman, Lead-ing Lawyer, and Towering Political Presence Has Died,’’ written by Brent Larkin, Tom Diemer, and Sabrina Eaton of the Northeast Ohio Media Group. 
Though I won’t read the entire arti-
cle into the record tonight, let me just read a few sentences: 
‘‘We have been blessed as a family 
with a legacy we can always be proud of,’’ Lou Stokes said. ‘‘Together with Carl’’—his brother—‘‘we made a name that stood for something. What greater honor could have come to two brothers who grew up in poverty here in Cleve-land?’’ 
And he tells a story about his moth-
er. He would always get tears in his eyes when he would talk of his mother. She had become ill at one point, and he went to visit her. 
And he said, ‘‘I took her hands to 
give her some comfort and, when I felt those hard, cold hands from scrubbing floors in order to give me an education, I began to understand what her life was about, what her life meant.’’ And that piercing memory Lou carried with him every day of his life. 
‘‘Beginning in junior high school, 
Stokes took jobs delivering the Cleve-land News, shining shoes, and working in a small factory that made canned whipped cream.’’ 
When he was 16, a man named Isadore 
Apisdorf hired him to perform odd jobs at his Army-Navy surplus store on lower Prospect Avenue. Seeing some-thing in the youngster, Apisdorf ig-nored the risk to his business in those days and hired Stokes as a salesman. 
When speaking of his early years, 
Stokes always remembered to mention the kindness demonstrated to him by a man ‘‘who sort of acted like a father to me,’’ Congressman Stokes said. 
Stokes graduated from Central High 
School in 1943. And with World War II raging, he joined the Army and was as-signed to a segregated unit that re-mained Stateside, mainly in the south. 
Stokes recalled a layover his unit 
once had in Memphis where a group of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.051 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5819 September 8, 2015 
German prisoners of war in a train sta-
tion restaurant were treated better than the Black soldiers. 
Louis Stokes embodied so many 
memories and so much progress that he helped not just Cleveland, not just Ohio, but our country and people ev-erywhere to persevere, no matter what the odds. 
I shall miss him. What a gifted leader 
has lived among us. I know all of the people of Ohio join me, as do our col-leagues, in saying: May the angels carry him to a deserved, peaceful rest close to the heart of God. 
There are other Members that wish 
to speak this evening. I just feel very honored to be here. I can still see Lou in the cloakroom in the back with his good friend, Bill Clay, and some of the guys. We weren’t included, as women, in those conversations, but we re-spected them. 
And he was always cordial. He always 
sort of stood halfway turned so he could say hello to those Members going by. He had a special gracious manner about him. 
[From Cleveland.com, Aug. 19, 2015] 
LOUSTOKES —THECONGRESSMAN , L EADING  
LAWYER AND TOWERING POLITICAL PRES-
ENCE HASDIED 
(By Brent Larkin) 
CLEVELAND , OH.—Louis Stokes, whose 
iconic career in public life assures him a place as one of the most revered, respected and powerful figures in Cleveland history, died Tuesday night. 
He was 90. The older brother of former Mayor Carl B. 
Stokes had an aggressive form of cancer, di-agnosed in late June. 
A proud, personable and gracious man 
whose dress and manner exuded dignity, Stokes never wanted to be a politician, as-piring instead to become Cleveland’s leading black lawyer. 
But the reluctant officeholder who came to 
Congress in 1969 left it 30 years later as a towering political figure both in Washington and at home. 
Mayor Frank Jackson was one of dozens to 
publicly mourn the death of his longtime friend. 
‘‘Congressman Louis Stokes’ long career in 
public life was a model of how to serve with dignity, integrity and honor,’’ Jackson said. ‘‘His service paved the way for many who would follow in both public and private ca-reers. I know full well that, but for him, I would have never had the opportunity to be-come mayor.’’ 
For more than three decades, Stokes, his 
brother, former Council President George Forbes, and former Cleveland School Board President Arnold Pinkney dominated every aspect of black political life in the city. 
Now, only Forbes survives. ‘‘The four of us had parallel careers in pub-
lic life,’’ Forbes said. ‘‘It was not unusual for some of the things we did or said to be ques-tioned. But not Lou Stokes. If he said it, or did it, it was like a pronouncement from Sinai. It was the gospel. It was the last word. No one disagreed with him.’’ 
Stokes’ resume in the House included 
stints as chairman of the select committee that from 1976 to 1978 investigated the assas-sinations of President John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr., chairman of the House Ethics Committee, a member of the House select committee that investigated the Iran-Contra affair, and the first black to chair the Intelligence Committee and serve 
on the influential House Appropriations Committee. 
In Cleveland, Stokes’ political muscle was 
the 21st Congressional District Caucus, a po-litical organization founded by his late brother that became so powerful, its ability to influence election outcomes sometimes surpassed that of the Cuyahoga County Democratic Party. 
When Stokes and the caucus urged Demo-
crats in his district to vote against a sitting Democratic president in the Ohio presi-dential primary in 1980, they did just that, supporting Massachusetts Sen. Edward Ken-nedy over President Jimmy Carter by a mar-gin of nearly 2–1. 
Stokes never lost an election. Nor did he 
forget where he came from. 
And he never strayed from his commit-
ment to expand political and economic op-portunities for minorities. 
In an interview at his home just a month 
before his death and days after he learned of his terminal illness, Stokes emotionally reminisced on his storybook life. 
‘‘I was a very blessed guy,’’ he began. ‘‘I’ve 
been blessed with the opportunity to partici-pate in history, to rise to opportunities I never envisioned . . . and to provide for peo-ple opportunities that, in many cases, they would have never had. 
‘‘We have been blessed as a family with a 
legacy we can always be proud of. Together with Carl, we made a name that stood for something. 
‘‘What greater honor could have come to 
two brothers who grew up in poverty here in Cleveland?’’ 
HUMBLE BEGINNINGS  
Lou Stokes was born Feb. 23, 1925, the first 
of two children born to Charles and Louise Stokes. Carl was born a little more than two years later. 
Their father died when Lou was three, and 
Louise Stokes took an $8–a-day job as a do-mestic worker at homes in the eastern sub-urbs. To help raise the young boys in their small apartment on East 69th Street, Louise’s mother moved to Cleveland from Georgia. 
Stokes spoke often and with great emotion 
of his mother, and her repeated lectures on the importance of an education. 
‘‘One night, she was lying in bed ill and I 
went into her room and sat with her,’’ Stokes recalled during an interview last year at the Maltz Museum of Jewish Heritage. 
‘‘I took her hands to give her some com-
fort. And when I felt those hard, cold hands from scrubbing floors in order to give me an education, I began to understand what she meant.’’ 
Beginning in junior high, Stokes took jobs 
delivering the Cleveland News, shining shoes and working in a small factory that made canned whip cream. 
When Stokes was 16, Isadore Apisdorf hired 
him to perform odd jobs at his Army-Navy surplus store on lower Prospect Avenue. See-ing something in the youngster, Apisdorf ig-nored the risks to his business and hired Stokes as a salesman. 
When speaking of his early years, Stokes 
always remembered to mention the kindness demonstrated to him by a man ‘‘who sort of acted like a father to me.’’ 
Stokes graduated from Central High 
School in 1943. With World War II raging, he joined the Army and was assigned to a seg-regated unit that remained stateside, mainly in the South. Stokes recalled a layover his unit once had in Memphis where a group of German prisoners of war in a train station restaurant were treated better than the black soldiers. 
After the war, Stokes attended Western 
Reserve University on the G.I. Bill. He worked for a time for the Veterans Adminis-
tration and Treasury Department before graduating from Cleveland State Univer-sity’s Cleveland Marshall College of Law in 1953. 
Stokes opened up a small law office on St. 
Clair Avenue, and was later joined by his brother. Carl also became a lawyer and, in 1962, became the first black Democrat elect-ed to the Ohio House. 
Around this time, Stokes drew the atten-
tion of Norman Minor, considered one of the greatest lawyers in Ohio history and the greatest black lawyer Cleveland ever pro-duced. 
‘‘I tried to be like Norman Minor in every 
way I could,’’ Stokes recalled in 2014. ‘‘Carl loved politics. I didn’t have that love. I loved being a lawyer.’’ 
MAKING HISTORY  
On the night of Nov. 7, 1967, Stokes sat 
with Martin Luther King Jr. in the Rocke-feller Building just west of Public Square, and experienced what he described as ‘‘a pio-neering political event for America’’—Carl Stokes’ election as the nation’s first black, big-city mayor. 
In 1965 and again two years later, King had 
made numerous trips to Cleveland aimed at registering blacks to vote. Carl Stokes lost the 1965 mayoral primary by about 1,700 votes. Two years later, he beat Republican Seth Taft by about 2,500 votes. 
Lou Stokes said King was ‘‘tremendously 
helpful’’ to his brother in both those elec-tions. 
Less than a month after his brother’s win-
ning election, Stokes enjoyed his own first moment of fame, arguing a case before the U.S. Supreme Court. 
The case involved John Terry, a Cleveland 
man suspected of preparing to rob a Euclid Avenue store downtown in 1963. Terry and two others were stopped on the sidewalk by a Cleveland policeman, who frisked Terry and found a gun. 
The landmark case of Terry v. Ohio upheld 
the arrest, but allowed police to stop and frisk suspects only when the officer has a ‘‘reasonable suspicion’’ the suspect is about to commit a crime, and may be armed and dangerous. 
That same year, another landmark Su-
preme Court ruling known as ‘‘one man, one vote’’ led to Carl Stokes and Gov. James Rhodes collaborating in the creation of a new, majority-minority congressional dis-trict comprised of Cleveland’s East Side and some eastern suburbs. 
At his brother’s urging, a reluctant Lou 
Stokes put his law career on hold and be-came a candidate. In the Democratic pri-mary, Stokes beat 13 opponents, including George Forbes, Leo Jackson and George White. 
In January 1969, Stokes entered Congress 
along with Shirley Chisholm of New York and William ‘‘Bill’’ Clay of Missouri. Their elections brought to nine the number of blacks in Congress. 
Stokes immediately began to make his 
mark, becoming a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus a little more than a year after taking office. 
Always served well by his personality, 
Stokes was a tall, hard-working man with a loud, infectious laugh. His gentle nature masked a steely commitment—and, at times, he was viewed as a bit too thin-skinned. Nev-ertheless, among his colleagues, Stokes was always considered one of the body’s most popular members. 
When Tip O’Neill became speaker of the 
U.S. House in 1977, Stokes’ career took off. O’Neill’s respect for Stokes earned him pres-tigious and powerful committee assign-ments, which often translated into federal spending on projects important to Cleveland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.053 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5820 September 8, 2015 
‘‘We had a very special relationship,’’ 
Stokes said of O’Neill during his July 14 interview. ‘‘He used to call me ‘Louie, my pal.’ He gave me some very tough assign-ments.’’ 
In 1987, Stokes had a memorable back-and- 
forth with Oliver North during the Iran- Contra hearings, telling the Marine Corps lieutenant colonel, ‘‘While I admire your love for America, I just hope you will never forget that others, too, love America just as much as you do—and . . . will die for Amer-ica just as quickly as you will.’’ 
THE POWER BROKER  
Back in Cleveland, the 1971 decision by 
Carl Stokes to leave town for a television ca-reer in New York instead of seeking a third term as mayor created a significant power vacuum within the black political establish-ment. 
Stokes moved decisively to fill that vacu-
um, and Democratic leaders awarded him a co-chairmanship of the county party. But Forbes and Arnold Pinkney were becoming powerful black political figures in their own right. 
For the next 10 to 15 years, the inevitable 
tensions that arise with power-sharing led to public disagreements and some angry private moments—with Call and Post founder and publisher W.O. Walker often serving as a me-diator. 
Over time, those strains disappeared. And 
while Forbes would eventually cement a leg-acy as the most powerful City Council presi-dent in Cleveland history and Pinkney twice waged competitive campaigns for mayor and became a nationally recognized political consultant, there was never any doubt who owned the magic political name. 
That name at times moved Stokes and the 
21st Congressional District Caucus to part ways with the Democratic Party. And Stokes was not above using the caucus as a weapon to punish and defeat candidates he believed did not deserve black votes. 
The caucus’ influence was often most pro-
nounced in down-the-ballot races for judge and other offices. But in the 1977 election for mayor, one of the most competitive and dra-matic in the city’s history, support from the Stokes brothers probably made the dif-ference in Dennis Kucinich’s victory over Democratic Party-backed Edward Feighan. 
Tim Hagan served as Feighan’s de facto 
campaign manager. Several months after the election, he would become chairman of the county’s Democratic Party. 
‘‘If Congressman Stokes was with you, it 
gave you unquestioned credibility with the people he represented,’’ said Hagan. ‘‘It made the difference between winning or losing an election. Lou’s endorsement was the most important endorsement a candidate sought.’’ 
There were a few stumbles, but none 
major. And they did little or nothing to tar-nish Stokes’ relationship with his constitu-ents. [In 1983, following a late-night session of Congress, he was convicted on a minor charge of driving under the influence and also of running a red light; Stokes said he was overly tired but sober, but decided not to appeal the jury verdict.] In the early 1990s, he had 551 overdrafts at the House Bank, most for small amounts. 
In 1993, Stokes reached the height of his 
power in Congress, joining the prestigious ‘‘College of Cardinals’’ when he became chair of the Appropriations subcommittee for the Veterans Administration and Housing and Urban Development. It was a position that gave Stokes enormous say in how and where tens of billions in federal dollars were spent. The Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Cen-ter on East 105th Street is one of several Cleveland buildings named in his honor. 
But his enthusiasm for the job would soon 
wane. In 1994, Republicans took control of the House. Two years later, at age 71, Stokes 
had open heart surgery at the Cleveland Clinic and a tumor removed from his vocal cords. 
When, in April 1996, Carl Stokes died of 
cancer, Stokes lost his best friend. 
THE DENOUEMENT  
By 1998, after 30 years in office, Stokes de-
cided not to seek re-election. 
On the day he announced his retirement, 
Plain Dealer columnist Elizabeth Auster wrote, ‘‘Stokes brought more than money home from Washington. He also brought laughter and inspiration and pride. And sometimes those are harder to come by.’’ 
Then-Cleveland Mayor Michael White said 
of Stokes, ‘‘Someone will fill his seat, but I don’t think anyone will ever fill his shoes.’’ 
It was always a foregone conclusion 
Stokes’ job would pass to Stephanie Tubbs Jones, county prosecutor at the time. When Tubbs Jones died unexpectedly in 2008, Marcia Fudge became only the third person to hold the seat. 
In retirement, Stokes became senior coun-
sel at the Cleveland-based law firm of what was then Squire Sanders & Dempsey. He served on several corporate boards, including Forest City Enterprises. 
When asked in the July interview about 
the lack of civility in Washington today, Stokes said he was sometimes embarrassed to be a former member of Congress. 
‘‘I have members of Congress whom I see, 
on both sides of the aisle, and they tell me, ‘Louie, you wouldn’t want to be here now.’ It’s a waste of your time and intellect to be involved there now and see how difficult it is to concentrate on doing what’s best for peo-ple—considering you were sent there to help people. That’s gone now.’’ 
Stokes retired from the law firm in 2012, 
and resigned from the Forest City board last year. In recent months, he spent time assist-ing his daughter, Cleveland Municipal Court Judge Angela Stokes, who is contesting dis-ciplinary charges filed against her by the Ohio Supreme Court’s Disciplinary Counsel. 
Besides Angela, he is survived by his wife 
of 55 years, Jeanette (Jay); daughter Shelley Stokes-Hammond, retired public affairs di-rector at Howard University; daughter Lori, a television news anchor in New York City; son Chuck, editorial and public affairs direc-tor at a Detroit television station; and seven grandchildren. 
Funeral arrangements are pending. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, who I 
know was a very, very dear friend of Congressman Stokes. I thank her so much for joining us this evening. 
b2100 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join Congresswoman K
APTUR in sharing 
some sentiments. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand in recognition of 
the late Congressman Louis Stokes, a dear friend and a tremendous patriot, who dedicated his life to serving our great Nation. He was dedicated to ex-panding political and economic oppor-tunities for all Americans, and he was determined to transcend the culture of discrimination and injustice. 
Louis Stokes rose from humble be-
ginnings in the local housing projects of Cleveland, Ohio, to serve 30 years in the U.S. House of Representatives. He was first elected in 1968. Reluctant to enter the political arena, Stokes was persuaded to run for office by his younger brother, Carl B. Stokes, the 
first African American mayor of a major American city, elected in 1967. 
Prior to serving in Congress, Mr. 
Stokes served as a civil rights lawyer. He was the first African American to represent the State of Ohio in Congress and was a founding member of the Con-gressional Black Caucus. Throughout his tenure in the House, he chaired sev-eral congressional committees and was the first African American to win a seat on the House Committee on Ap-propriations. 
During his long tenure in Congress, 
he headed and participated in several major House investigations. In March of 1977, he was appointed to lead the Select Committee on Assassinations, formed to conduct an investigation of the circumstances surrounding the deaths of President John F. Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
He also served as the chairman of the 
House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and became the first Afri-can American Member of Congress to head this committee. 
He was the dean of the Ohio congres-
sional delegation. His work in the area of health led to his appointment as a member of the Pepper Commission of comprehensive health care, and he was the founder and chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust. In 1981, he chaired the House Committee on Standards of Offi-cial Conduct. 
When Louis Stokes retired in 1998, he 
became the first African American in the history of the U.S. Congress to re-tire after 30 years of service. Following his service in Congress, he became a senior counsel at Squire, Sanders & Dempsey, LLP, a global law firm, and distinguished visiting professor at the Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences at Case Western Reserve Uni-versity. 
He also served as a vice chairman of 
the Pew Environmental Health Com-mission at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and was appointed by the former Health and Human Services Secretary, Donna Shalala, as chairman of the Advisory Committee on Minor-ity Health. 
As a founding member of the Con-
gressional Black Caucus, he engineered a vehicle that would foster collabora-tion and strategic alliances for genera-tions. Because of his visionary leader-ship, we all benefit from an organiza-tion powerful enough to engage, em-power, and excite generations of Afri-can American leaders who influence the political landscape, impact the out-come of elections, and serve as strong voices for those weakened by poverty, discrimination, and lack of oppor-tunity. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud and honored 
to have had the privilege of serving with this Congressman. I was inspired by his intelligence, preparation, dig-nity, generosity, and forward thinking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.029 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5821 September 8, 2015 
He leaves behind a legacy that inspires 
not only those who served with him, but a generation of future leaders. 
I am grateful for this vision that he 
had, his integrity, his grace, his friend-ship, and his mentorship. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Thank you, Congress-
woman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, a long way from Cleveland, for your great service and for sharing your memories of our beloved friend, Con-gressman Louis Stokes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KAPTUR. I know others want to 
enter material in the R ECORD in mem-
ory of Congressman Stokes. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that all Members have 5 legisla-tive days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous material on the subject of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I also 
wanted to mention that Congressman Stokes’ beautiful wife, Jeanette, who was at his side through all his years of service; his daughters, Angela, Shelley, Lori; his son, Chuck; and seven grand-children. 
What an amazing family—the Stokes 
family has made many contributions to Ohio and to our country, but I think Jeanette and Congressman Stokes are proudest of the children and grand-children that they have raised. They have represented the family well dur-ing this most difficult time. 
HONORING SPEAKER JIM WRIGHT  
Ms. KAPTUR. I would like to turn to 
a different subject, if I might, in the re-maining time. 
Mr. Speaker, several weeks ago, 
there was a Special Order that was given on Speaker Jim Wright, and I was unable, because of duties in Ohio, to join my remarks to those of his friends and colleagues here in the Con-gress. I rise tonight to honor him for the leader and master of the legislative process that Speaker Jim Wright of Fort Worth, Texas, was. 
He approached life with an eager and 
courageous mission and a true demo-cratic heart. He loved this House. He just loved it. He just basked in its glory and its power, and he had the keenness of intellect, the balance of knowledge, the intuition, the direction, and the wisdom that comes from the long years of experience that he had at the level of Fort Worth and then the State of Texas and then, obviously, fed-erally. 
He was a veteran of World War II and 
had been a pilot and received the Dis-tinguished Flying Cross. He was truly—truly—a courageous hero for our country and chose to serve then in elected life. 
What I will forever remember of him 
was his dignity and his strength. His personal ability to also forgive those who sought to harm him and move on was an amazing trait, and I think it re-vealed some of what he was able to 
bring as a negotiator and a statesman to the work here. 
He was a passionate fighter for the 
people of our country, especially those of ordinary means who might not have their voices heard, and when he got into a topic that he loved, he was abso-lutely unstoppable. 
He was a gifted orator. He spoke with 
all of his heart, and he elevated this House and the people who served in it. He loved Congress. He referred to it as a heady place to be, where Members of both political parties should cooperate to make America a world leader and to build and support a strong middle class. 
His early life growing up during the 
Great Depression had a permanent im-print on him, and he never forgot the common person. His service in the Army during World War II instilled in him a life of service and a dedication to help those less fortunate, but also a passion for liberty. 
His legislative achievements were le-
gion. He helped create the Clean Water Act and the Interstate Highway Sys-tem, and he helped guarantee benefits for returning veterans. I remember what a master he was. I believe he chaired the House Public Works Com-mittee and rose from there. 
I can still see him making the case, 
right at this podium here in the House, for a modern transportation bill, clink-ing dimes in a large glass bowl to say that we have to pay our way forward here. He understood what it took to build and maintain a great nation’s prosperity. He was a terrific, terrific orator. 
In foreign affairs, Speaker Wright 
had a contribution that one could de-scribe as profound. He was a peace-maker. He visited the Middle East and facilitated the meeting that led to the accord between Israel and Egypt in 1977. 
More than a decade later, he led a 
successful push for a compromise that would end the war between the Sandi-nista government and the Contras in Nicaragua. Over time, his approach would lead to the end of U.S. military financing and the start of democrat-ically held elections there. How many Americans can say they have ever been involved in something of that mag-nitude? 
In his farewell speech before Con-
gress, Speaker Wright said: ‘‘When vengeance becomes more desirable than vindication, harsh personal at-tacks on one another’s motives, one another’s character, drown out the quiet logic of serious debate on impor-tant issues, things that we ought to be involved ourselves in, surely that is un-worthy of our institution, unworthy of our American political process. All of us in both parties must resolve to bring this period of mindless cannibalism to an end. There has been enough of it.’’ 
Speaker Wright returned to Fort 
Worth where he donated his official pa-pers to Texas Christian University’s li-brary and taught a TCU course called 
Congress and the Presidents for more than 20 years. His intention to keep the class small was simply impossible, as his enrollment grew at an increasing rate every year. 
Speaker Wright always treated me 
graciously. Here I was from Ohio, a completely different part of the coun-try, but I appreciate the fact that he assisted my efforts to seek a seat on the Committee on Appropriations—it took me over a decade to arrive there— since no one from our part of Ohio had ever served on it. 
He saw the exclusion, and he helped 
me. I am so grateful to him forever for that and what I have been able to do to help the country in that position. 
He and I shared many experiences 
and pursuits during our shared years in Congress, but one of my favorite memories is something we had in com-mon, and that was a love of gardening and roses. He was especially fond of a gray-purplish variety of rose that he had raised to perfection. He just loved life. 
Speaker Wright would often quote 
Horace Greeley in saying: ‘‘Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; riches take wings; those who cheer today may curse tomorrow; only one thing en-dures—character.’’ 
Speaker Wright was certainly a man 
of great character and great talent and ability and great accomplishment. 
We shall miss him greatly. May the 
hearts of his loved ones, his beloved wife, Betty; his four children; 15 grand-children; 24 great-grandchildren; and his sister Betty Lee Wright be warmed by the light of his memory and the leg-acy of liberty he bestowed upon us all and the great affection we shall always have for him in our hearts. 
May God bless the Wright family. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, Louis 
Stokes rose from the local housing projects to serve 30 years in the U.S. House, becoming a potent symbol for his Cleveland-based ma-jority-black district. Reluctant to enter the polit-ical arena, Stokes was persuaded to run for office by his prominent brother and by commu-nity members he had served for decades as a civil rights lawyer. 
His accomplishments were substantive and 
of historic proportions. The first Black to rep-resent Ohio, Stokes chaired several congres-sional committees (including the Permanent Select Intelligence Committee) and was the first African American to win a seat on the powerful House Appropriations Committee. 
He used his success to try to increase op-
portunities for millions of African Americans, saying, ‘‘I’m going to keep on denouncing the inequities of this system, but I’m going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself—to deny my own existence. I’ve beaten the system. I’ve proved it can be done—so have a lot of others.’’ Stokes contin-ued, ‘‘But the problem is that a black man has to be extra special to win in this system. Why should you have to be a super black to get someplace? That’s what’s wrong in the soci-ety. The ordinary black man doesn’t have the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.055 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5822 September 8, 2015 
same chance as the ordinary white man 
does.’’ 
Louis Stokes was born on February 23, 
1925, in Cleveland, Ohio, to Charles and Lou-ise Cinthy (Stone) Stokes. His father worked in a laundromat and died when Louis was young. Stokes and his younger brother, Carl, were raised by their widowed mother, whose salary as a domestic was supplemented by welfare payments. Louis Stokes supplemented the family income by shining shoes around the Cleveland projects and clerking at an Army/ Navy store. He attended Cleveland’s public schools and served as a personnel specialist in the U.S. Army from 1943 to 1946. He re-turned home with an honorable discharge, tak-ing jobs in the Veterans Administration and Treasury Department offices in Cleveland while attending college at night with the help of the GI Bill. He attended the Cleveland Col-lege of Western Reserve University from 1946 to 1948. Stokes eventually earned a J.D. from the Cleveland Marshall School of Law in 1953 and, with his brother, opened the law firm Stokes and Stokes. On August 21, 1960, Louis Stokes married Jeanette (Jay) Francis, and they raised four children: Shelly, Louis C., Angela, and Lorene. 
He devoted himself to his law practice, 
where he became involved in a number of civil rights—related cases—often working pro bono on behalf of poor clients and activists. He was an active participant in civic affairs. Working on behalf of the Cleveland NAACP, Stokes helped challenge the Ohio legislature’s redis-tricting in 1965 that followed the Supreme Court’s ‘‘one man, one vote’’ decision. 
The state legislature had fragmented the 
congressional districts that overlay Cleveland, diluting black voting strength. Stokes joined forces with Charles Lucas, a black Repub-lican, to challenge that action. They lost their case in U.S. District Court, but based on Stokes’s written appeal, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed with the brief in 1967. From that decision followed the creation of Ohio’s first majority-black district. Later that year, in De-cember 1967, Stokes made an oral argument before the U.S. Supreme Court in Terry v. Ohio, a precedent-setting case that defined the legality of police search and seizure proce-dures. 
At his brother Carl’s behest Louis Stokes 
made his first run for elective office in 1968. He sought to win the seat in the newly created congressional district that encompassed much of the east side of Cleveland. Stokes was hardly a typical newcomer to the political cam-paign. First, his brother, Mayor Stokes, put the services of his political network at Louis’s dis-posal. Stokes won by a landslide. He won his subsequent 14 general elections by lopsided margins in the heavily Democratic district tak-ing as much as 88 percent of the vote. 
As a freshman Representative, Stokes re-
ceived assignments on the Education and Labor Committee and the Internal Security Committee (formerly the House Un-American Activities Committee). He enthusiastically ac-cepted the former assignment, believing Edu-cation and Labor would be a prime platform from which he could push the agenda for his urban district: job training, economic oppor-tunity, and educational interests. But Stokes was less pleased with the Internal Security panel, which had lapsed into an increasingly irrelevant entity since its heyday investigating communists in the 1940s and 1950s. (House leaders disbanded it entirely in the mid- 
1970s.) 
During his second term in the House, 
Stokes earned a seat on the Appropriations Committee. During more than two decades on the committee, Stokes steered hundreds of millions of federal dollars into projects in his home state. He eventually became an Appro-priations subcommittee chair, or ‘‘cardinal,’’ for Veterans, HUD, and Independent Agencies. 
Stokes was the second African-American ‘‘car-dinal’’ ever (the first, Julian Dixon of California, chaired the DC Subcommittee). Years later, Stokes said of the Appropriations Committee, ‘‘It’s the only committee to be on. All the rest is window dressing.’’ In addition to chairing an Appropriations subcommittee, Stokes is one of fewer than two dozen African Americans ever to chair a House committee and one of just a handful to wield the gavel on multiple panels: the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence (100th Congress), the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct (97th–98th Con-gresses, 102nd Congress), and the Select Committee on Assassinations (95th Con-gress). 
The growing ranks of black Members sought 
to create a power base, realizing—in the words of Representative William (Bill) Clay, Sr. of Missouri they ‘‘had to parlay massive voting potential into concrete economic results.’’, As freshman House Members, Stokes and Clay quickly developed an enduring friendship and became strong supporters of the formation of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), to promote economic, educational, and social issues that were important to African Ameri-cans. This strategy dovetailed with Stokes’s perception of his role as an advocate for the ‘‘black community’’ in his district. Stokes served as chairman of the CBC for two con-secutive terms beginning in 1972, after Chair-man Charles Diggs, Jr., of Michigan resigned from the post. A centrist, Stokes was widely credited with shepherding the group away from the polarizing politics of various black factions toward a more stable and organized policy agenda. 
Using his position as CBC chairman and his 
increasing influence on the Appropriations Committee, Representative Stokes pushed a legislative agenda that mirrored the needs of his majority-black district. He earned a reputa-tion as a congenial but determined activist for minority issues, consistently scoring as one of the most liberal Members of the House in the Americans for Democratic Action and the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations vote tallies. He ad-vocated more funding for education (particu-larly for minority colleges), affirmative action programs to employ more blacks, housing and urban development projects, and initiatives to improve access to health care for working- class Americans. In the 1980s, Stokes vocal-ized black concerns that the Ronald W. Reagan administration was intent on rolling back minority gains made in the 1960s and 1970s. He described conservative efforts to scale back school desegregation efforts and affirmative action programs—as well as mas-sive spending on military programs—as a ‘‘full scale attack’’ on the priorities of the black community. He also was an early advocate of federal government intervention in the fight against HIV/AIDS. 
From his seat on the Permanent Select 
Committee on Intelligence, Stokes was a par-ticularly forceful critic of the Reagan adminis-
tration’s foreign policy. He gained national prominence as a member of the House Select Committee to Investigate Covert Arms Trans-actions with Iran when he grilled Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North in 1987 about his role in funding anticommunist Nicaraguan Contras through weapons sales to Tehran. At one juncture he reminded North, ‘‘I wore [the uni-
form] as proudly as you do, even when our government required black and white soldiers in the same Army to live, sleep, eat and travel separate and apart, while fighting and dying for our country.’’ 
House leaders repeatedly sought to cap-
italize on Stokes’s image as a stable, trust-worthy, and competent adjudicator—turning to him to lead high-profile committees and han-dle controversial national issues, as well as the occasional ethics scandals in the House. When Representative Henry Gonzalez of Texas resigned as chairman of the Select Committee on Assassinations, Speaker Thom-as P. (Tip) O’Neill of Massachusetts tapped Stokes to lead the panel, which was inves-tigating the circumstances surrounding the deaths of President John F. Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. In 1978, Stokes’s com-mittee filed 27 volumes of hearings and a final report that recommended administrative and legislative reforms. While the panel found that the King and the Kennedy murders may have involved multiple assassins (James Earl Ray and Lee Harvey Oswald have traditionally been described as lone killers), it concluded there was no evidence to support assertions of a broad conspiracy involving domestic groups or foreign governments—an assess-ment that has been upheld for the past three decades. The committee did suggest that Os-wald may have had an accomplice on Dealey Plaza, where Kennedy was killed in November 1963. 
Stokes’s chairmanship of the Select Com-
mittee on Assassinations led to his appoint-ment by Speaker O’Neill in 1981 as chairman of the House Committee on Standards of Offi-cial Conduct (often called the Ethics Com-mittee). Stokes steered the panel through a turbulent period that included investigations of Members implicated in the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s ABSCAM sting and a sex scan-dal that involved two House Members and cur-rent and former House Pages. 
During the 1990s, Stokes’s seniority made 
him an influential voice on the Appropriations Committee. In 1993, at the start of the 103rd Congress, he assumed the chairman’s gavel of the Subcommittee on VA, HUD, and Inde-pendent Agencies, which controlled one of the largest chunks of discretionary spending in the federal budget. Stokes prodded federal agen-cies to hire and serve more minorities. Repub-licans praised him for his nonpartisan leader-ship of the subcommittee, but when the GOP won control of the House in the 1994 elec-tions, and Stokes became the Ranking Mem-ber of the panel, he often found himself fight-ing Republican efforts to trim federal spending that involved cutting welfare programs, includ-ing public housing. 
In January 1998, Stokes announced his re-
tirement from the House, noting that he want-ed to leave ‘‘without ever losing an election.’’ Moreover, a new generation of rising black politicians  Cleveland was displacing those of 
Stokes’s generation. Among his proudest ac-complishments as a Representative, Stokes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.025 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5823 September 8, 2015 
cited his ability to bring Appropriations Com-
mittee money to his district to address needs in housing and urban development and the opportunities that allowed him to set ‘‘historic precedents’’ as an African American in the House. ‘‘When I started this journey, I realized that I was the first black American ever to hold this position in this state,’’ Stokes told a news-paper reporter. ‘‘I had to write the book . . . I was going to set a standard of excellence that would give any successor something to shoot for.’’ After his congressional career, Louis Stokes resumed his work as a lawyer. He was a great American Hero—to be ad-mired and remembered by us all. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-
member the life of a truly remarkable man— former Congressman Louis B. Stokes, who passed away last month at the age of 90. 
It was my honor to meet with Congressman 
Stokes when I was a staffer in the office of Congressman Ron Dellums. I later had the honor to serve with him as a member of the House of Representatives as we worked to secure funding for homeless shelters in my district. 
Congressman Stokes was a trailblazer. Born in Cleveland in 1925, he loved his 
home city and his home state of Ohio. And he was determined to improve the lives of every-one in his community. After serving in the mili-
tary, he returned home to become a civil rights attorney and work on behalf of the poor and disenfranchised. 
Raised in poverty along with his brother 
Carl, he dreamed of a more just and equal world. He refused to allow prejudice or adver-sity to slow him down. 
Through his life, Lou showed an unwavering 
commitment to the people of Cleveland, and particularly the vulnerable and voiceless. 
As the first African American member of 
Congress from Ohio—and an original co-founder of the Congressional Black Caucus and founding chair of the CBC’s Health Brain Trust—Congressman Stokes was a proud voice for civil rights and equality. 
And as the first African American to serve 
on the House Appropriations committee—the committee on which I now serve—Congress-man Stokes worked tirelessly to bring re-sources and opportunities to folks struggling across the country. 
In many ways, Congressman Stokes was 
ahead of his time. He was one of the earliest and most vocal supporters of addressing the burgeoning HIV/AIDS crisis. 
As a veteran, he fought to ensure every vet-
eran had the highest possible quality services and care upon returning home. And as the chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, he worked to ensure agency services reached communities of color. 
His work to combat discrimination in every 
form—housing, education, health care access, economic opportunity and more—continues to inspire me. 
While Congressman Stokes will be greatly 
missed, his legacy and work lives on. 
By opening doors of opportunity, and inspir-
ing generations of leaders in Cleveland, Ohio and beyond, Congressman Lou Stokes has made our nation a more just and equal place. He was a great man and a good friend who will be greatly missed. My thoughts and pray-ers are with his family and my deepest grati-tude for sharing this great human being with us. IRAN’S PAST BEHAVIOR IS AN IN-
DICATOR OF ITS FUTURE BE-HAVIOR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, it is a 
psychological fact of life that, when it comes to human beings, the best pre-dictor of future behavior is past behav-ior, period, end of story. 
Psychologists who study human be-
havior agree that past behavior is a useful marker for future behavior, but only under certain specific conditions. For example, high-frequency, habitual behaviors are more predictive than in-frequent behaviors. Predictions work best if done over short periods of time, based upon these behaviors. The antici-pated situation must be essentially the same as the past situation that acti-vated the behavior in the first place. Also, the behavior did not change by corrective or negative action or feed-back. The person must remain essen-tially unchanged in their consistent be-havior. The person must be fairly con-sistent in his or her behaviors over time. 
Forensic psychologists that observe 
such behavior often use metaphor to warn of serious danger by referring to such individuals as ‘‘a ticking time bomb’’ or as one ‘‘carrying a hand gre-nade, and it is just a matter of when the pin is pulled.’’ 
What happens if we apply these same 
criteria to Iran’s behavior? The result is the same. Psychologically, there is no reason to expect future behavioral change, given Iran’s 36 years of bad be-havior. 
The record of history since 1979 is 
clear with regard to Iran’s actions with the West and, in particular, the United States. For 30 of those 36 years, the United States has declared Iran as the most active state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
For 36 years, Iran has brutally mur-
dered more Americans than any other terror group or state sponsor of terror. Their clerics have declared fatwas on 
the United States; their leaders have dubbed us the Great Satan and have called Israel a one-bomb state, with pledges to eliminate their existence. 
b2115 
That brutal behavior earned them 
treatment, and rightfully so, as a pa-riah, shunned by global economy, di-plomacy, and withholding inter-national goodwill. 
So what a fantastic time to accom-
modate a terrorist state and make a deal. 
Some, such as Secretary of State 
John Kerry, dismiss all of Iran’s reti-cence as posturing rhetoric. How in God’s name can we be so naive at the highest levels of our Republic to be-lieve it? 
How in God’s name can we judge 
Iran’s actions worthy of fair treatment and goodwill? Perhaps we should take the teachings 
of Christ as a guide when he stated: 
Every good tree bears good fruit. A good 
tree cannot bear bad fruit, but a bad tree bears bad fruit. Therefore, by their fruits, you will know them. 
Christ’s words, of course, are true. 
Iranian deeds speak louder than words. The problem is both word and deed are reprehensible, which should cause us even more alarm. 
Don’t believe me? Here are the facts 
of Iranian actions under this regime. 
1979, hostage crisis. From the mo-
ment this regime came into being, the first act was to overrun the United States Embassy in Tehran, terrorizing 66 American hostages for 444 days, most of them, and forcing abandon-ment of our U.S. Embassy and con-sulates. 
1982–1992, Lieutenant Colonel William 
Buckley, the CIA Station Chief and Vietnam warrior, decorated for valor, is tortured and brutally murdered. 
David Anderson, a reporter of great 
renown, was captured and held for 7 years. 
American University President David 
Dodge was captured and held for a year. 
1983, April 18, the U.S. Embassy in 
Beirut is bombed, murdering 63, 17 of them Americans. The entire CIA Mid-dle East contingent is reportedly mur-dered. The entire operation was di-rected by Hezbollah and financed by Iran. 
October 23, the United States Marine 
barracks in Beirut was destroyed by the largest nonnuclear explosion deto-nated on Earth by the hand of an Ira-nian terrorist; 241 United States Ma-rines are slaughtered, and 100 are wounded. 
During the same attack, the French 
barracks are destroyed by another Ira-nian terrorist bomb that murders 58 French paratroopers. 
December 12, 1983, the U.S. Embassy 
in Kuwait was bombed by Iranian ter-rorists from Iranian-backed Hezbollah and Dawa, murdering 5 and wounding 86. Seventeen members of the Dawa are captured and arrested in connection. 
Iranian-sponsored terrorist acts then are perpetrated for years to come to try to negotiate their release. 
1984, September 20, United States 
Embassy annex in Beirut is destroyed by Iranian-backed Hezbollah terrorists, murdering 22 civilians and 2 U.S. sol-diers. 
1985, June 14, Trans World Airlines 
Flight 847 hijacked with 160 hostages. Robert Dean Stetham, a United States Navy diver, is forced to kneel in front of an open aircraft door, shot in the back of the head, and dumped onto the tarmac. The remaining hostages are re-leased, following terrorist releases from prisons in Israel and Lebanon. 
1989, July 13, Dr. Abdul Rahman 
Ghassemlou, the Secretary General of the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran, was assassinated by Iranian operatives, along with two associates in Vienna, where he was secretly meeting with en-voys sent by then-Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.027 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5824 September 8, 2015 
1991, August 8, the assassination of 
Shapour Bakhtiar, who was the last Iranian Prime Minister prior to the Is-lamic Revolution by Iranian operatives. In a botched attempt on Bakhtiar’s life in a Paris suburb before in 1980, his assailants murdered a French policeman and a female neigh-bor. 
1992, March 17, the Israeli Embassy 
bombing in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Iran’s terrorist proxy, Hezbollah, per-petrated the suicide bomb attack on the Israeli Embassy in Argentina, which murdered 29 people and wounded 242 others, the great majority of which were civilian bystanders in the vicinity of the embassy. 
On the 17th of September 1992, Kurd-
ish leader Dr. Mohammad Sadegh Saeid Sharafkandi and three other Ira-nian Kurds were assassinated at the Mykonos Cafe in Berlin. German courts linked the Iranian Government and Minister of Intelligence, Ali Fallahian, to the assassination. 
1994, July 18, Iran was directly re-
sponsible for the Argentinian-Israeli Mutual Association Jewish community center bombing in Buenos Aires, Ar-gentina, which murdered 85 and wound-ed 300. The AMIA attack remains the deadliest terrorist attack in Argen-tina’s history. 
In 2006, an Argentine court ‘‘declared 
former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani and eight others fugitives from justice in Argentina’’ for their role in the AMIA bombing. 
1996, June 25, 14 members of the Ira-
nian-backed Saudi branch of Hezbollah detonated a massive bomb in front of the Khobar Towers, a U.S. military housing complex in Saudi Arabia. The terrorist attack murdered 19 Ameri-cans and wounded 372 of our service men and women. 
The attackers detonated a parked 
truck laden with the equivalent of somewhere between 3,000 and 8,000 pounds of explosive in the Khobar Tow-ers parking lot. The resulting explosion ‘‘sheared the face off an eight-story structure which housed U.S. Air Force personnel.’’ 
2003–2011, following the 2003 U.S. in-
vasion of Iraq, Iran undermined U.S. operations by ‘‘consistently supplying weapons, its own advisers, and Iranian proxy Hezbollah advisers from Lebanon to multiple residence groups, both Sunni and Shia,’’ which targeted Coali-tion Forces. 
For the U.S., ‘‘concern revolved 
around Iran’s role in arming and assist-ing the Shiite militias.’’ In Iraq, ‘‘the top killer of U.S. troops’’ were IEDs, or 
improvised explosive devices, which were primarily supplied by Iran. In total, Iran’s support for Iraqi insur-gents led to the death of thousands of U.S. soldiers and others in Iraq. 
In 2010, United States Ambassador to 
Iraq James Jeffrey stated, ‘‘Up to a quarter, or 1,200 of the American cas-ualties, and some of the more horrific incidents in which Americans were kid-napped can be traced without doubt to these Iranian groups.’’ I should also personally note that 
many were my friends, and all were my brothers and sisters as fellow warriors. 
2006–2015, Iranian support for the 
Taliban against United States troops in Afghanistan has been ongoing since at least 2006. According to a RAND re-port, ‘‘although Iran has traditionally backed Tajik and Shia groups opposed to the Taliban, its enmity with the United States and tensions over the nuclear program led it to provide measured support to the Taliban.’’ 
According to the Treasury Depart-
ment, ‘‘since at least 2006, Iran has ar-ranged frequent shipments of small arms and associated ammunition, rock-et-propelled grenades, mortar rounds, 107 mm rockets, plastic explosives, and probably man-portable defense systems to the Taliban.’’ 
A member of my own staff left limbs 
in Afghanistan by these devices. 
Through ‘‘Qods force materials sup-
port,’’ the report states, ‘‘we believe Iran is seeking to inflict casualties on U.S. and NATO forces.’’ In 2010, mul-tiple media sources reported Iran as ‘‘paying Taliban fighters $1,000 for each U.S. soldier they kill in Afghanistan.’’ This is currently. 
Over a 6-month period in 2010, one 
‘‘Taliban treasurer’’ claimed to have collected more than $77,000 from an Ira-nian firm in Kabul as payment for kill-ing Americans. 
2011, October, U.S. authorities 
thwarted a terrorist plot in this town, Washington, D.C., which included ‘‘the assassination of Saudi Arabian Ambas-sador to the United States and subse-
quent bomb attacks on Saudi and Israeli Embassies.’’ 
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder 
stated that the plot was ‘‘directed and approved by elements of the Iranian Government and, specifically, senior members of the Quds Force’’—in this town. The two individuals charged were ‘‘Manssor Arbabsiar, a 56-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen holding both Iranian and U.S. passports, and Gholam Shakuri, an Iran-based mem-ber of Iran’s Quds Force.’’ 
U.S. authorities arrested Arbabsiar 
on September 29, 2011, with Shakuri re-maining at large. 
2012, in March, Azerbaijan. United 
States and Israeli officials were among those targeted for assassination by a group of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps from Iran-linked terror-ists. They were arrested in Baku, Azer-baijan. 
According to The Washington Post, 
‘‘United States and Middle Eastern of-ficials now see the attempts as part of a broader campaign by Iran-linked operatives to kill foreign diplomats in at least seven countries over a span of 13 months.’’ 
How right they were. 13–14 February, New Delhi, India, the 
wife of Israeli Defense attache and her driver were wounded after a device at-tached to their car exploded. The Delhi police concluded that the suspects were members of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. A similar device was defused in 
Tbilisi, Georgia, after being discovered on the underside of an Israeli dip-lomat’s car. 
The following day, three Iranian men 
accidentally detonated a cache of ex-plosives—darn—in Bangkok, Thailand. The explosives were intended to be used to assassinate Israeli diplomats. A multinational investigation has pro-duced ‘‘the clearest evidence yet that Iran was involved’’ in all three plots. 
18 July, a suicide bomber destroyed 
an Israeli tour bus in Burgas, Bulgaria, murdering the bus driver and five Israelis, and wounding more than 30 others. In an investigation in 2012, the Bulgarian Government found Iran and its proxy, Hezbollah, responsible for the attack. 
Behavior, behavior, 36 consistent 
years. But now President Obama wants to negotiate with terrorists to prevent war. 
Mr. Speaker, we are not the 
attackers here. Threat of war only comes from the United States when we are bullied, cajoled, attacked, or threatened. The President and Secre-taries Kerry, Lew, and Moniz want us to show goodwill for bad behavior. 
The American people are against it, 
as evidenced by the strong opposition from the majority of Americans who rightly deduce the deal would allow nu-clear capacity for Iran and makes a legal path to possess weapons of mass destruction. 
The President often makes political 
speeches demanding we keep dangerous firearms out of the hands of those with psychological problems, yet, under identical behavioral criteria, he would give nuclear capacity to Iran. 
While public multiple-victim shoot-
ings are horrific, imagine an Iran with a nuclear capacity. Given Iran’s pro-lific use of every form of weaponry and export of terror, are our leaders so naive to think Iran’s behavior would be any better than putting a weapon in the hands of a psychologically con-sistent and dangerous individual? 
Past behavior is the best predictor of 
future behavior. Any psychologist or criminologist will tell you this, yet the President is selling us on the deluded hope that this is somehow the right and only path to take. Nonsense. 
No alternative you say? How can that 
be? 
Our own administration does not 
even realize that Iran’s interpretation of this very deal and ours are separated by a fairly problematic gulf. 
In the last month, even the last few 
days, Iran’s President Rouhani and his foreign ministry have made public statements that declare the following regarding this good deal. According to Iran and its statements from its lead-ers, here is what they think they have agreed to: 
Iran can pursue the development of 
missiles without any restriction. 
They can violate the U.N. resolutions 
without violating the agreement. Iran says it is not a treaty but binding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.058 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5825 September 8, 2015 
Iran can violate the U.N. Security 
Council Resolution without violating the JCPOA, or the agreement. 
Iran intends to violate the United 
Nations Security Council Resolution restrictions on weapons sales and im-ports. In fact, they are already negoti-ating with Russia for the sale of SS–300 and –400 missiles. 
b2130 
And Iran also has not agreed to in-
spect Parchin itself, but it will refuse to let anyone else inspect it. 
These are from their own statements 
in recent days. Iran’s public state-ments declare, Mr. Speaker, that all sanctions will be lifted. 
Under Iran’s interpretation and even 
in the stated language of the agree-ment, this includes those, such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps— they are in the agreement; they are listed—and the Quds Force, the same organization that we just itemized all of these terrorist acts, both of these groups. Two of the most reprehensible terrorist organizations in the world are in this agreement for sanctions to be lifted. Read them. Annex II sanctions list. I have. 
This flies in the face of our Presi-
dent’s own statements and reassur-ances. Under Secretary of Treasury Szubin assures us that sanctions on these organizations will be maintained. 
Secretary of Treasury Lew even goes 
further and has stated recently that, ‘‘We will not be providing any sanc-tions relief to any of these lines of ac-tivity and will not be delisting from sanctions the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, the Quds Force, or any of their subsidiaries or senior offi-cials.’’ 
Then, why are they in the deal? Ac-
cording to the agreement and even Iran’s recent public statements, they believe that they will be lifted. 
Terrorists Soleimani, A.Q. Khan, nu-
merous organizations that I have had to fight on battlefields, now we will re-ward their bad behavior with goodwill. 
The Islamic Revolutionary Guards 
Corps and the Quds Force are both list-ed in this agreement and have sanc-tions against them lifted, according to interpretations of its terms. What a great deal. There is none better. This is the best we can do. 
President Hassan Rouhani declared 
last month, ‘‘After the agreement is implemented, the economic sanctions will be immediately removed, meaning, financial, banking, insurance, trans-portation, petrochemical sanctions. All economic sanctions will be removed.’’ 
Congratulations, Mr. President, on 
that good deal and that goodwill. 
Mr. Speaker, our Nation is in grave 
danger. We are trusting a psycho-logically fanatical and terrorist State with 36 consistent years of bad behav-ior to now behave well. 
Perhaps the only thing missing to 
shore up the President and Secretary Kerry’s reassurances is perhaps an air-plane on the tarmac with an open door with our United States leader waving a 
document in his hand, declaring, ‘‘Peace in our time.’’ 
The power of this Nation only rests 
with the consent of the people. That is where the Congress, both parties, this august body, comes in. 
But now our President even wants to 
find a political way to strip the Amer-ican people from a vote by their duly elected representatives to avoid the op-tics of an opposition. 
I guess he and President Hassan 
Rouhani of Iran do have something very much in common after all: not al-lowing a vote in their respective legis-lative bodies. One would expect that from a fanatical, unstable, religious dictatorship, but not in the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, the President is outside 
his constitutional authority. No other President in the history of our Nation has ever cobbled together sanctions provisions meant to prevent nuclear capacity, to provide a de facto treaty with a foreign rogue State and give them what the sanctions were intended to deny. 
The President has acted without the 
consent of the people. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, the people, through their duly elected Representatives, will now act without the consent of the President. 
Article I, Section 8, of the United 
States Constitution, a document I have defended since I was 18, states that the power to regulate commerce with for-eign nations rests in the Congress of these United States. 
Article II, Section 2, states that the 
President can only make a binding treaty with a foreign nation upon two- thirds consent with the Senate. 
Mr. Speaker, the President states 
that this is not a treaty. We agree. And, therefore, constitutionally, we are not bound to abide by it. Neither are the States. 
The Supremacy Clause does not 
apply here. It is not a treaty. Not hav-ing the effect of treaty law, the States are free to act. And today they are and will. And we will. 
I call upon my colleagues, people 
that have taken an oath to support and defend this republic, to stand with me. 
We will declare the lifting of sanc-
tions of terrorists as laid out in the agreement as null and void. It is illegal under past U.S. sanctions law. 
We will uphold United States sanc-
tions law against executive fiat action. We will make explicit the sense of Con-gress in upcoming State actions both legally and economically. 
We will prevent the lifting of sanc-
tions on scores of those listed in the agreement, thereby violating section 37 of Annex II of the Iran deal. 
We will send a strong message to Iran 
that the power of this republic does not rest with its President. It rests by the consent of the people. We are bound to uphold that trust as our constitutional duty. 
Mr. Speaker, I also call upon Ameri-
cans to stand with me. Pound the White House with calls and emails. 
Support State legislative actions and sanctions. Support your representa-tives, both State and assembly, and your U.S. Representatives in this fight. 
We ask the people to support us in 
this fight, not shoot us in the back, re-gardless of political party with anger and cynicism, leveling blame on those who oppose this deal rather than on the one who has created it. 
Then, if we do this, what will the fu-
ture look like? It will look like an Iran contained, not an Iran accommodated. It will look like a Nation that led rath-er than cowered. 
It will have a United States that 
stands firm when Iran, a signatory to 
the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, does—if they ever do—decide to go rogue, will be like North Korea, when a previous administration assured us that, if we reached out to them with the IAEA and lifting of sanctions and easing, that they would come around. 
They abandoned it. We should have 
known it. Their bad behavior was con-sistent. That future was predictable. They have nuclear weapons, and we knew it. We said we could trust them in a similar agreement. 
But our country will stand for free 
people and free economies on this globe. It is what we do. And if we fail in that task, who will take our place? 
How we fight today determines how 
we shape tomorrow. Accommodating terrorists and nations with 36 con-sistent years of bad behavior is not the best deal we have. If Iran, like Libya, displays good behavior first, then we will have a basis for discussion and fol-low-on goodwill, which we saw in that case. 
Until then, the power of the republic 
rests with its people, not with its exec-utive. Let us never waiver from that position. As long as we treasure this republic and its Constitution, this will defend. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
REMEMBERING FORMER 
CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) 
until 10 p.m. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise re-
gretting that I was unable to be here when M
ARCY KAPTUR , the gentlewoman 
from Ohio, was talking about Rep-resentative Louis Stokes. 
Congressman Stokes and I were very 
good friends. I had the opportunity to serve with him for many years. And I wanted to take this time, Mr. Speaker, to thank Ms. K
APTUR for leading the 
special order. 
On August 18, we learned of the pass-
ing of our friend, former Representa-tive Lou Stokes. 
He was a reluctant candidate, Mr. 
Speaker, who went on to serve his con-stituents for three decades. I have had the honor of serving here for 34 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.059 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5826 September 8, 2015 
But when I first came here, of course, 
I thought Lou Stokes had been here forever. I don’t really think I have been here forever. 
But he was a friend to all, respected 
by his colleagues on both sides of the aisle and beloved by his constituents. For three decades, he served here and left a lasting imprint on a State, our Nation, and, indeed, the world. 
Lou Stokes was the first African 
American to represent Ohio and the first to chair the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. He was chairman as well of the Black Caucus and a tireless campaigner for civil rights and equality. 
Moreover, he was also the first Afri-
can American to serve on the Appro-priations Committee, where he and I were colleagues. I sat just two chairs from him for almost a decade along with Ms. K
APTUR for a number of years. 
He chaired the Appropriations Sub-
committee for Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development. That chairmanship reflected Representative Stokes’ longstanding mission to ad-dress the unmet needs of millions of Americans living in inner city neigh-borhoods, like many of those in Cleve-land who sent him to Congress. 
Having been raised in a housing 
project himself along with his brother, former Cleveland Mayor Carl Stokes, he made it his mission to ensure that Congress was paying attention to the important issues of affordable housing, access to jobs, healthcare delivery, and crime prevention. 
As a veteran, Representative Stokes 
never wavered from his determination to make certain that Congress was meeting its responsibility to those who had served our Nation in uniform. 
I was saddened to learn of his pass-
ing. In his 90 years, Representative Stokes lived a very rich and full life. He was full of life and a deep and abid-ing love for his family, this House, the State, and Nation that he served so ably. 
Lou Stokes was a gentleman and a 
gentle man. He was a giant in integrity and in intellect, committed to common sense, courage, and seeking the right answers for his people, for his State, and for his country. 
It is a testament to him that his four 
children all followed him into careers that helped better their communities and our country. 
One is an administrator at Howard 
University. Another is a well-respected journalist and news anchor in New York. The third is a Cleveland munic-ipal court judge. And the fourth is an editor and public affairs director for a television station in Detroit. 
He was extraordinarily proud of his 
children and of his grandchildren. They, like all of us in this House who served with him, Mr. Speaker, were and are extraordinarily proud of Congress-man Louis Stokes. 
I join in extending my condolences to 
them, to their mother, Representative Stokes’ wife of 55 years, Angela, and to 
the seven grandchildren that Rep-resentative Stokes so cherished. 
The House of Representatives was 
made a better body by having Lou Stokes serve in this hall. A grateful Nation thanks him and his family for sharing his life with all of us who had the honor and privilege and joy of serv-ing by his side in this revered House of the people that he loved and who loved him. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. M CCOLLUM (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of funeral 
in district. 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 267. An act to authorize the transfer of 
certain items under the control of the Omar Bradley Foundation to the descendants of General Omar Bradley; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
S. 1362. An act to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
S. 1576. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to prevent fraud by representa-tive payees; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. 1596. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. 1826. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wis-consin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. H
ARRIS , on 
Thursday, August 6, 2015. 
H.R. 212. An act to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1138. An act to establish certain wil-
derness areas in central Idaho and to author-ize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of 
Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1531. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 2131. An act to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’. 
H.R. 2559. An act to designate the ‘‘PFC 
Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on July 31, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R 3236. To provide an extension of Fed-
eral-aid highway, highway safety, motor car-rier safety, transit, and other programs fund-ed out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
further reported that on August 6, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 2559. To designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. 
Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
H.R. 1531. To amend title 5, United States 
Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land manage-ment agencies to compete for vacant perma-nent positions under internal merit pro-motion procedures, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2131. To designate the Federal build-
ing and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Caro-lina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Cen-ter’’. 
H.R. 212. To amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1138. To establish certain wilderness 
areas in central Idaho and to authorize var-ious land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.061 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5827 September 8, 2015 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and 
third quarters of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JANICE ROBINSON, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 17 AND JULY 21, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Janice Robinson ....................................................... 7 /17 7 /21 France ....................................... ............ .................... 1,840.00 .................... 1,734.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,574.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,840.00 .................... 1,734.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,574.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
JANICE C. ROBINSON, July 28, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO UKRAINE, GEORGIA, AND IRELAND, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 28 AND J ULY 6, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine .......................................... ....... .................... 1,106.97 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.97 
Hon. David Price ...................................................... 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 1,106.97 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.97 
Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 1,106.97 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.97 
Hon. Rob Woodall .................................................... 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine ......................................... ........ .................... 1,106.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.98 
Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 1,106.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.98 
Hon. Lois Capps ...................................................... 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine ........................................ ......... .................... 1,106.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.98 
Justin Wein .............................................................. 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine .................................... ............. .................... 1,106.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.98 
Michael Shapiro ....................................................... 6 /29 7 /2 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 1,106.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,106.98 
Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia ........................................... ...... .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Hon. David Price ...................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Hon. Rob Woodall .................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia .......................................... ....... .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Hon. Lois Capps ...................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia ......................................... ........ .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Justin Wein .............................................................. 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia ..................................... ............ .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Michael Shapiro ....................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 915.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 915.00 
Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland ........................................... ....... .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Hon. David Price ...................................................... 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Hon. Rob Woodall .................................................... 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland .......................................... ........ .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Hon. Lois Capps ...................................................... 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland ......................................... ......... .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Justin Wein .............................................................. 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland ..................................... ............. .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Michael Shapiro ....................................................... 7 /5 7 /6 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 236.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 236.93 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 18,071.20 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 18,071.20 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM, July 28, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO LITHUANIA, FINLAND, POLAND, AND IRELAND,EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE  26 AND JULY 5, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ...................................... ........ .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. Dan Lipinski .................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ..................................... ......... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. Greg Walden .................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ...................................... ........ .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ....................................... ....... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ....................................... ....... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. Mike Kelly ........................................................ 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ................................... ........... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. Susan Brooks .................................................. 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ....................................... ....... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. Ann Wagner ..................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ...................................... ........ .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Mike Sommers ......................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ..................................... ......... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
David Stewart .......................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ................................... ........... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania .................................. ............ .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Ann Loupone ............................................................ 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania ................................... ........... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Tom Andrews ........................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Lithuania .................................... .......... .................... 824.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ......................................... ......... .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. Dan Lipinski .................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ........................................ .......... .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. Greg Walden .................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ......................................... ......... .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 6 /29 7 /1 Finland .......................................... ........ .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 6 /29 7 /1 Finland .......................................... ........ .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. Mike Kelly ........................................................ 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ...................................... ............ .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. Susan Brooks .................................................. 6 /29 7 /1 Finland .......................................... ........ .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. Ann Wagner ..................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ......................................... ......... .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Mike Sommers ......................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ........................................ .......... .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
David Stewart .......................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ...................................... ............ .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ..................................... ............. .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Amy Loupone ........................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ....................................... ........... .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Tom Andrews ........................................................... 6 /29 7 /1 Finland ....................................... ........... .................... 584.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 584.00 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ........................................... ........ .................... 303.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 303.00 
Hon. Dan Lipinski .................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland .......................................... ......... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Hon. Greg Walden .................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ........................................... ........ .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ............................................ ....... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ............................................ ....... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Hon. Mike Kelly ........................................................ 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ........................................ ........... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Hon. Susan Brooks .................................................. 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ............................................ ....... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Hon. Ann Wagner ..................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ........................................... ........ .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Mike Sommers ......................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland .......................................... ......... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
David Stewart .......................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ........................................ ........... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ....................................... ............ .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Amy Loupone ........................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Tom Andrews ........................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 237.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 237.00 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland .......................................... ........ .................... 1,040.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,040.00 
Hon. Dan Lipinski .................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ......................................... ......... .................... 341.00 (3) 1,595.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,936.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5828 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO LITHUANIA, FINLAND, POLAND, AND IRELAND,EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE  26 AND JULY 5, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Greg Walden .................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland .......................................... ........ .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ........................................... ....... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ........................................... ....... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Hon. Mike Kelly ........................................................ 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ....................................... ........... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Hon. Susan Brooks .................................................. 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ........................................... ....... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Hon. Ann Wagner ..................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland .......................................... ........ .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Mike Sommers ......................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ......................................... ......... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
David Stewart .......................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ....................................... ........... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ...................................... ............ .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Amy Loupone ........................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Tom Andrews ........................................................... 7 /2 7 /5 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 934.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 934.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 33,106.00 .................... 1,595.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. 34,701.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. JOHN A. BOEHNER, Aug. 5, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1  AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Ann Kirkpatrick ............................................... 4 /1 4 /2 Ethiopia .......................................... ...... .................... 398.04 .................... 55.22 .................... 141.03 .................... 594.29 
4 /2 4 /3 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 573.00 .................... 538.10 ........ ............ .................... .................... 1,111.10 
4 /3 4 /3 Burundi ................................................. .................... .................... .................... 6 4.05 .................... .................... .................... 64.05 
4 /3 4 /4 Spain .................................................... .................... 95.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 95.00 
Hon. Jim Costa ........................................................ 5 /5 5 /7 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 715.00 .................... 162.08 .................... 328.86 .................... 1,205.94 
Hon. K. Michael Conaway ........................................ 5 /25 5 /26 Germany ............................................. ... .................... 343.16 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 343.16 
5 /26 5 /27 Estonia .................................................. .................... 249.40 .................... 236.49 .... ................ 66.16 .................... 552.05 
5 /27 5 /28 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 372.38 .................... 88.47 ........... ......... .................... .................... 460.85 
5 /28 5 /29 Romania ............................................... .................... 257.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 257.00 
5 /29 5 /29 Italy ....................................................... .................... 24.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 24.00 
5 /29 5 /30 Spain .................................................... .................... 160.12 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 160.12 
Jackie Barber ........................................................... 5 /25 5 /26 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 331.97 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 331.97 
5 /26 5 /27 Estonia .................................................. .................... 226.87 .................... 236.49 .... ................ 66.16 .................... 529.52 
5 /27 5 /28 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 372.37 .................... 88.47 ........... ......... .................... .................... 460.84 
5 /28 5 /29 Italy ....................................................... .................... 12.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 12.00 
5 /29 5 /30 Spain .................................................... .................... 97.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 97.70 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 4,228.01 .................... 1,469.37 .................... 602.21 .................... 6,299.59 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Sam Farr ......................................................... 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ........................................ ........ .................... 949.00 .................... 1,948.33 .................... 0.00 .................... 2,897.33 
Hon. Barbara Lee .................................................... 4 /9 4 /12 Panama .......................................... ...... .................... 949.00 .................... 2,487.60 .................... 222.09 .................... 3,658.69 
Hon. David Joyce ..................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa .......................................... .......... .................... 336.31 .................... .................... .................... 214.63 .................... 550 .94 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 715.00 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 1,321.83 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Hon. David Valadao ................................................. 5 /7 5 /9 Europe ............................................ ....... .................... 357.50 .................... .................... .................... 490.95 .................... 848.45  
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,493.30 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,493.30 
Hon. Betty McCollum ............................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Qatar .............................................. ....... .................... 114.00 .................... .................... .................... 62.00 .................... 176.00 
5 /3 5 /5 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 112.00 .................... ................. ... .................... 12.00 .................... 124.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 105.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 52.00 .................... 157.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,332.55 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,332.55 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 5,287.31 .................... 20,377.66 .................... 2,288.14 ................. ... 27,953.11 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Visit to Ukraine, Romania, Poland, Lithuania— 
March 26–April 2, 2015: 
Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Romania .......................................... ..... .................... 651.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 651.51 
3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 745.23 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 745.23 
3 /31 4 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 275.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /1 4 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 324.57 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 324.57 
Hon. Mike Rogers .................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Romania ........................................ ....... .................... 651.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 651.51 
3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 745.23 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 745.23 
3 /31 4 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 275.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /1 4 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 324.57 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 324.57 
Tim Morrison ............................................................ 3 /27 3 /29 Romania .................................... ........... .................... 572.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 572.93 
3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 745.22 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 745.22 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5829 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
3 /31 4 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 275.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /1 4 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 324.56 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 324.56 
John P. MacNaughton .............................................. 3 /27 3 /29 Romania ........................................... .... .................... 572.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 572.93 
3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 745.22 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 745.22 
3 /31 4 /1 Poland ................................................... .................... 275.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /1 4 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 324.56 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 324.56 
Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. Ukraine ....................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,694.00 .................... 3,648.63 ... ................. 7,342.63 
Romania ............................................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,926.44 .................... 1,926.44 
Visit to Romania, Israel—March 29–April 4, 
2015: 
Hon. Michael Turner ................................................ 3 /29 3 /31 Romania ......................................... ...... .................... 510.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 510.00 
3 /31 4 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,650.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,650.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,063.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,063.16 
Hon. Loretta Sanchez .............................................. 3 /29 3 /31 Romania .......................................... ..... .................... 510.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 510.00 
3 /31 4 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,650.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,650.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,063.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,063.16 
Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 3 /29 3 /31 Romania ...................................... ......... .................... 510.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 510.00 
3 /31 4 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,650.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,650.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,657.46 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,657.46 
Jesse Tolleson .......................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Romania .................................... ........... .................... 510.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 510.00 
3 /31 4 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,650.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,650.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,709.96 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,709.96 
Douglas Bush .......................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Romania ...................................... ......... .................... 510.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 510.00 
3 /31 4 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,650.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,650.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,579.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,579.96 
Visit to Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Malay-
sia—March 27–April 3, 2015: 
Hon. Rob Wittman ................................................... 3 /29 3 /29 Korea ........................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... ....................
3 /29 3 /31 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 277.73 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 277.73 
3 /31 4 /2 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 275.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /2 4 /3 Thailand ................................................ .................... 235.12 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 235.12 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,696.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,696.60 
Hon. Madeleine Bordallo ......................................... 3 /29 3 /29 Korea .............................................. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /29 3 /31 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 277.73 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 277.73 
3 /31 4 /2 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 275.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /2 4 /3 Thailand ................................................ .................... 235.12 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 235.12 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,803.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,803.40 
Ryan Crumpler ......................................................... 3 /29 3 /29 Korea ........................................ ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... ....................
3 /29 3 /31 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 277.73 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 277.73 
3 /31 4 /2 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 275.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /2 4 /3 Thailand ................................................ .................... 235.12 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 235.12 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,803.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,803.40 
Brian Garrett ........................................................... 3 /29 3 /29 Korea ...................................... ............... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... ....................
3 /29 3 /31 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 277.73 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 277.73 
3 /31 4 /2 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 275.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 275.00 
4 /2 4 /3 Thailand ................................................ .................... 235.12 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 235.12 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,803.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,803.40 
Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. Vietnam ....................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 40 0.33 .................... 400.33 
Malaysia ............................................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 832.87 .................... 832.87 
Thailand ................................................ .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 405.60 .................... 405.60 
Visit to Tunisia, Nigeria, Djibouti, Kenya, Sen-
egal—April 6–13, 2015 with CODEL Gillibrand: 
Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Tunisia .......................................... ........ .................... 212.03 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 212.03 
4 /8 4 /9 Nigeria .................................................. .................... 287.67 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 287.67 
4 /9 4 /9 Djibouti ................................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
4 /9 4 /12 Kenya .................................................... .................... 740.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 740.00 
4 /12 4 /13 Senegal ................................................. .................... 260.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 260.00 
Visit to Panama—April 9–11, 2015 with CODEL 
Duncan: 
Hon. Bradley Byrne .................................................. 4 /9 4 /11 Panama .......................................... ...... .................... 786.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 786.00 
Visit to Afghanistan, Qatar, Kuwait—May 1–6, 
2015: 
Hon. Martha McSally ............................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Qatar .............................................. ....... .................... 114.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 114.00 
5 /3 5 /5 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 28.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 28.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Kuwait ................................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Qatar ............................................ ......... .................... 114.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 114.00 
5 /3 5 /5 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 28.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 28.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Kuwait ................................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Jaime Cheshire ........................................................ 5 /2 5 /3 Qatar .......................................... ........... .................... 114.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 114.00 
5 /3 5 /5 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 28.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 28.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Kuwait ................................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Craig Greene ............................................................ 5 /2 5 /3 Qatar ........................................ ............. .................... 114.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 114.00 
5 /3 5 /5 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 28.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 28.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Kuwait ................................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Visit to Germany, Austria, Egypt, Portugal, Tuni-
sia—May 1–10, 2015 with CODEL Nunes: 
Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 5 /2 5 /3 Tunisia ........................................ .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... ....................
5 /3 5 /5 Egypt ..................................................... .................... 1,0604.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 604.00 
5 /5 5 /7 Austria .................................................. .................... 1,073.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,073.50 
5 /7 5 /9 Germany ................................................ .................... 715.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 715.00 
5 /9 5 /10 Portugal ................................................ .................... 138.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 138.00 
Visit to the Czech Republic, Ukraine, Romania, 
Bulgaria, Turkey, Georgia—May 2–9, 2015: 
Hon. Joe Wilson ....................................................... 5 /2 5 /4 The Czech Republic ............................. . .................... 136.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 136.00 
5 /4 5 /5 Romania ............................................... .................... 191.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 191.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 377.20 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 377.20 
5 /6 5 /7 Turkey ................................................... .................... 430.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 430.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Georgia ................................................. .................... 610.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 610.00 
5 /8 5 /9 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 237.60 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 237.60 
Hon. Madeleine Bordallo ......................................... 5 /2 5 /4 The Czech Republic .............................. ..... ............... 136.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 136.0 0 
5 /4 5 /5 Romania ............................................... .................... 191.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 191.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 377.20 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 377.20 
5 /6 5 /7 Turkey ................................................... .................... 430.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 430.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Georgia ................................................. .................... 610.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 610.00 
5 /8 5 /9 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 237.60 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 237.60 
Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. Romania ....................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 824 .00 .................... 824.00 
Bulgaria ................................................ .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 3,839.06 .................... 3,839.06 
Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 928.65 .................... 928.65 
Georgia ................................................. .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,572.06 .................... 1,572.06 
The Czech Republic .............................. .................... .................... .................... 76.50 ............. ....... 1,293.48 .................... 1,369.98 
Visit to Honduras, Guatemala—May 3–7, 2015: Hon. Austin Scott .................................................... 5 /3 5 /4 Honduras ........................................ ...... .................... 238.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 238.00 
5 /4 5 /7 Guatemala ............................................ .................... 430.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 430.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 89 6.95 .................... 896.95 
Hon. Marc Veasey .................................................... 5 /3 5 /4 Honduras ......................................... ..... .................... 238.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 238.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5830 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
5 /4 5 /7 Guatemala ............................................ .................... 430.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 430.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 89 6.95 .................... 896.95 
Hon. Catherine Sendak ............................................ 5 /3 5 /4 Honduras ............................................ .. .................... 238.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 238.00 
5 /4 5 /7 Guatemala ............................................ .................... 628.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 628.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 89 6.95 .................... 896.95 
Michael Amato ......................................................... 5 /4 5 /7 Guatemala ...................................... ...... .................... 628.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 628.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 89 6.95 .................... 896.95 
Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. Honduras ...................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 880 .00 .................... 880.00 
............. ................. Guatemala ............................................ .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 2,294.00 .................... 2,294.00 
Visit to United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, 
Djibouti—May 21–28, 2015: 
Alexander Gallo ........................................................ 5 /22 5 /23 United Kingdom .............................. ...... .................... 612.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 612.15 
5 /23 5 /24 Germany ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
5 /24 5 /26 Djibouti ................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
5 /26 5 /27 Spain .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... ....................
Mark Morehouse ...................................................... 5 /22 5 /23 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 612.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 612.15 
5 /23 5 /24 Germany ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
5 /24 5 /26 Djibouti ................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
5 /25 5 /27 Spain .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... ....................
Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. United Kingdom ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,248.80 .................... .................. .. .................... 1,248.80 
Visit to Japan, Republic of South Korea—May 21– 
31, 2015: 
Hon. Mike Rogers .................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Jim Cooper ...................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Mo Brooks ....................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. John Fleming ................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Doug Lamborn ................................................. 5 /25 5 /27 Japan ............................................ ........ .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Rick Larsen ..................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Timothy Morrison ..................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Leonor Tomero ......................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 658.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. South Korea ................... ....................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4,07 8.90 .................... 4,078.90 
Japan .................................................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 9,241.37 .................... 9,241.37 
Visit to Kuwait, Iraq—June 26–30, 2015: 
Hon. Rob Wittman ................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Iraq ............................................ ........... .................... 22.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 22.00 
6 /29 6 /30 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 105.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 105.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,794.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,794.60 
Hon. Madeleine Bordallo ......................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Iraq ............................................... ........ .................... 22.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 22.00 
6 /29 6 /30 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 105.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 105.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,931.10 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,931.10 
Ryan Crumpler ......................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Iraq ......................................... .............. .................... 22.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 22.00 
6 /29 6 /30 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 105.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 105.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,930.80 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,930.80 
Brian Garrett ........................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Iraq ....................................... ................ .................... 22.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 22.00 
6 /29 6 /30 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 105.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 105.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,930.80 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,930.80 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 46,601.54 .................... 151,786.90 .................... 35,753,19 .............. ...... 234,141.63 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Aug. 3, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED  BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. John Kline ........................................................ 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ...................................... ............ .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 474.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 474.46 
Hon. Suzanne Bonamici .......................................... 5 /22 5 /24 Norway .............................................. .... .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 440.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 440.90 
Hon. Virginia Foxx .................................................... 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ....................................... ........... .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 474.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 474.46 
Hon. Tim Walberg .................................................... 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ......................................... ......... .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 474.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 474.46 
Hon. Rick Allen ........................................................ 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ...................................... ............ .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 474.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 474.46 
Juliane Sullivan ....................................................... 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ...................................... ............ .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 440.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 440.90 
Brian Newell ............................................................ 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ..................................... ............. .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 440.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 440.90 
Janelle Belland ........................................................ 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ...................................... ............ .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 440.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 440.90 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5831 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED  BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
30, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Jean Hinz ................................................................. 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ................................... ............... .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 440.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 440.90 
Elizabeth Podgorski ................................................. 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ......................................... ......... .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 440.90 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 440.90 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 25,550.94 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 25,550.94 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, July 29, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN  APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Joe Barton ....................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 333.76 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 333.76 
3 /29 3 /29 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 394.98 .................... (3) .................... 185.00 .................... 579.98 
3 /30 3 /30 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 459.33 .................... (3) .................... 269.70 .................... 729.03 
3 /31 3 /31 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 398.04 .................... (3) .................... 196.25 .................... 594.29 
4 /1 4 /2 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 480.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 480.00 
4 /3 4 /4 Spain .................................................... .................... 334.28 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 334.28 
Hon. Yvette Clarke ................................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Panama ........................................ ........ .................... 524.00 .................... 3,414.63 .................... 1,0005.00 .................... 4,943.63 
Hon. Fred Upton ...................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ........................................ ........ .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... 5,085.00 .................... 5,436.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... 4,864.74 .................... 5,478.01 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... 4,064.55 .................... 4,812.94 
Hon. Frank Pallone .................................................. 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ......................................... ....... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Hon. Joe Pitts .......................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ..................................... ........... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Hon. Greg Walden .................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ......................................... ....... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Hon. Bob Latta ........................................................ 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ....................................... ......... .................... 263.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 263.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 351.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 486.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 486.39 
Hon. Cathy McMorris Rodgers ................................. 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ................................................ . ................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Hon. Mike Pompeo ................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal .......................................... ...... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Hon. Bill Johnson ..................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ....................................... ......... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Hon. Jerry McNerney ................................................ 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal .......................................... ...... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Alexa Marrero ........................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ..................................... ........... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Tom Hassenboehler ................................................. 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ........................................... ..... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Joan Hillebrands ...................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ....................................... ......... .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Theresa Gambo ........................................................ 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal ........................................ ........ .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Jeff Carroll ............................................................... 5 /4 5 /5 Portugal .................................. .............. .................... 351.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 351.74 
5 /5 5 /7 Belgium ................................................ .................... 613.27 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 613.27 
5 /7 5 /9 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 748.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 748.39 
Hon. Gregg Harper ................................................... 5 /25 5 /26 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 658.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 658.00 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 5 /25 5 /26 Japan ............................................. ....... .................... 658.00 .................... 10,728.80 .................... .................... .................... 11, 386.80 
5 /27 5 /29 South Korea .......................................... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
David Redl ............................................................... 6 /23 6 /25 Argentina ................................. ............. .................... 682.44 .................... 11,316.53 .................... .................... ................. ... 11,998.97 
David Goldman ........................................................ 6 /23 6 /23 Argentina ..................................... ......... .................... 682.44 .................... 12,066.53 .................... .................... .................... 1 2,748.97 
Hon. Bill Flores ........................................................ 6 /27 6 /30 Kuwait ..................................... .............. .................... 105.00 .................... 12,438.90 .................... .................... ................ .... 12,543.90 
6 /27 6 /29 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 22.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 30,519.87 .................... 49,965.39 .................... 15,670.24 ............... ..... 96,155.55 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. FRED UPTON, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. David Schweikert ............................................ 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ............................................. ... .................... 786.00 .................... 865.10 .................... .................... .................... 1,651.10 
Hon. Robert Pittenger .............................................. 5 /5 5 /5 France ............................................ ....... .................... 330.00 .................... 7,640.50 .................... 827.00 .................... 8,797.50 
5 /5 5 /7 Austria .................................................. .................... 667.20 .................... 551.44 ...... .............. 1,320.00 .................... 2,538.64 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5832 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
5 /7 5 /9 Germany ................................................ .................... 775.56 .................... (3) .................... 1,088.89 .................... 1,844.45 
5 /9 5 /10 Portugal ................................................ .................... 137.50 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 137.50 
Hon. Juan Vargas .................................................... 5 /6 5 /8 Mexico ........................................... ........ .................... 786.00 .................... 561.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,329 .00 
Hon. Randy Hultgren ............................................... 5 /22 5 /24 Norway ........................................... ....... .................... 784.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 784.54 
5 /24 5 /26 Sweden ................................................. .................... 744.23 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 744.23 
5 /26 5 /28 Finland .................................................. .................... 572.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 572.00 
5 /28 5 /30 Estonia .................................................. .................... 474.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 474.46 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 6,019.49 .................... 9,618,04 .................... 3,235.89 .................. .. 18,873.42 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, July 31, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN AP R. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 5 /25 5 /26 Honduras .................................... .......... .................... 185.99 .................... 1,059.30 .................... .................... .................... 1 ,245.29 
5 /26 5 /28 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 417.41 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 417.41 
5 /28 5 /30 Guatemala ............................................ .................... 400.29 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 400.29 
Jennifer Hendrixson White ....................................... 3 /29 4 /1 Korea ............................................... ...... .................... 985.00 .................... 10,423.20 .................... .................... .................... 11,4 08.20 
4 /1 4 /2 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 514.73 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 514.73 
4 /2 4 /4 Japan .................................................... .................... 649.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 649.26 
Eddy Acevedo ........................................................... 6 /4 6 /7 Haiti ......................................... ............. .................... 673.00 .................... 900.40 .................... .................... .................... 1,573.40 
Mark Walker ............................................................. 6 /4 6 /7 Haiti ........................................ .............. .................... 678.00 .................... 900.40 .................... .................... ................... . 1,578.40 
Sadaf Khan .............................................................. 6 /4 6 /7 Haiti ........................................ .............. .................... 683.00 .................... 900.40 .................... .................... ................... . 1,583.40 
Rebecca Ulrich ........................................................ 5 /25 5 /27 Guatamala .................................... ........ .................... 380.20 .................... 1,049.30 .................... .................... .................... 1,4 29.50 
5 /27 5 /29 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 421.40 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 421.40 
5 /29 5 /31 Honduras .............................................. .................... 420.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 420.00 
Sadaf Khan .............................................................. 5 /25 5 /27 Guatemala .................................. .......... .................... 390.20 .................... 1,049.30 .................... .................... .................... 1 ,439.50 
5 /27 5 /29 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 417.40 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 417.40 
5 /29 5 /31 Honduras .............................................. .................... 440.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 440.00 
Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 5 /6 5 /7 Mexico ......................................... .......... .................... 768.00 .................... 742.39 .................... .................... .................... 1,5 10.39 
Scott Cullinane ........................................................ 3 /29 4 /3 Moldova ...................................... .......... .................... 910.00 .................... 3,353.60 .................... .................... .................... 4 ,263.60 
4 /3 4 /4 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 361.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 361.00 
Naz Durakoglu ......................................................... 3 /29 4 /3 Moldova ....................................... ......... .................... 900.00 .................... 3,377.60 .................... .................... .................... 4, 277.60 
4 /3 4 /4 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 351.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 351.00 
Hon. Dana Rohrabacher .......................................... 5 /6 5 /8 Switzerland ........................................... .................... 741.00 .................... 13,258.40 .................... .................... .................... 13,999.40 
5 /8 5 /9 Serbia ................................................... .................... 276.00 .................... ............. ....... ....................41,643.00 .................... 1,919.00 
5 /9 5 /11 Bosnia ................................................... .................... 194.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 194.00 
5 /10 5 /11 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 178.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 178.00 
5 /11 5 /12 Kosovo ................................................... .................... 164.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 164.00 
Paul Behrends ......................................................... 5 /6 5 /8 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 741.00 .................... 13,258.40 .................... .................... .................... 13, 999.40 
5 /8 5 /9 Serbia ................................................... .................... 276.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 276.00 
5 /9 5 /11 Bosnia ................................................... .................... 194.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 194.00 
5 /10 5 /11 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 178.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 178.00 
5 /11 5 /12 Kosovo ................................................... .................... 164.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 164.00 
Thomas Alexander ................................................... 4 /23 4 /24 Mexico .......................................... ......... .................... 362.00 .................... 1,255.95 .................... .................... .................... 1, 617.95 
Leah Campos ........................................................... 4 /7 4 /9 Uruguay ........................................ ........ .................... 504.00 .................... 1,636.50 .................... .................... .................... 2,1 40.50 
Kristen Marquardt ................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Turkey ........................................... ........ .................... 995.17 .................... 4,196.80 .................... .................... .................... 5,1 91.97 
5 /5 5 /8 Jordon ................................................... .................... 1,009.01 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,009.01 
Mira Resnick ............................................................ 5 /4 5 /5 Turkey ....................................... ............ .................... 190.98 .................... 4,594.59 .................... .................... ................... . 4,785.57 
5 /5 5 /8 Jordan ................................................... .................... 794.89 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 794.89 
Hon. Reid Ribble ..................................................... 5 /2 5 /4 Czech Republic .................................. ... .................... 760.37 .................... 11,571.20 .................... .................... .................... 12,331. 57 
5 /4 5 /5 Romania ............................................... .................... 201.58 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 201.58 
5 /5 5 /6 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 392.49 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 392.49 
5 /6 5 /8 Georgia ................................................. .................... 610.62 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 610.62 
5 /8 5 /9 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 226.95 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 226.95 
Hon. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 786.00 .................... 1,348.60 .................... .................... .................... 2,13 4.60 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ....................................... ......... .................... 761.00 .................... 2,164.50 .................... .................... .................... 2, 925.50 
Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ........................................... ..... .................... 262.00 .................... 1,989.10 .................... .................... .................... 2,251. 10 
Hon. David Cicilline ................................................. 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 786.00 .................... 2,163.60 .................... .................... .................... 2,94 9.60 
Hon. Juan Castro ..................................................... 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 786.00 .................... 859.10 .................... .................... .................... 1,645. 10 
Mark Walker ............................................................. 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ...................................... .......... .................... 786.00 .................... 984.10 .................... .................... .................... 1,7 70.10 
Rebecca Ulrich ........................................................ 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ........................................ ........ .................... 786.00 .................... 1,019.10 .................... .................... .................... 1,8 05.19 
Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ....................................... ......... .................... 761.00 .................... 1,019.10 .................... .................... .................... 1, 780.10 
Doug Campbell ........................................................ 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 766.00 .................... 1,019.10 .................... .................... .................... 1,78 5.10 
Hon. Matt Salmon ................................................... 5 /3 5 /7 Vietnam ........................................... ..... .................... 1,149.12 .................... 15,309.70 ....................41A5,018.68 .................... 21,477.50 
5 /7 5 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,306.35 .................... .............. ...... ....................41A8,298.38 .................... 9,604.73 
Hon. Alan Lowenthal ............................................... 5 /3 5 /7 Vietnam ............................................ .... .................... 971.34 .................... 16,087.80 .................... .................... .................... 17,059 .14 
5 /7 5 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 935.04 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 935.04 
Hon. Tom Emmer ..................................................... 5 /3 5 /7 Vietnam ........................................... ..... .................... 915.76 .................... 12,578.70 .................... .................... .................... 13,49 4.46 
5 /7 5 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,072.99 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 1,072.99 
Amy Chang .............................................................. 5 /3 5 /7 Vietnam ....................................... ......... .................... 941.14 .................... 15,221.90 .................... .................... .................... 1 6,163.04 
5 /7 5 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 989.10 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 989.10 
Joseph Brady Howell ................................................ 5 /3 5 /7 Vietnam ........................................... ..... .................... 859.01 .................... 15,309.90 .................... .................... .................... 16,16 8.91 
5 /7 5 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 960.43 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 960.43 
Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 5 /23 5 /25 Peru ............................................ .......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
5 /25 5 /28 Colombia ............................................... .................... 1,041.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,041.00 
5 /28 5 /28 El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
5 /28 5 /30 Panama ................................................ .................... 544.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 544.00 
Thomas Hill ............................................................. 5 /2 5 /5 Egypt ........................................ ............. .................... 797.52 .................... 6,100.60 ....................41A184.00 .................... 7,082.12 
5 /5 5 /8 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 663.00 .................... ............. ....... ....................41A116.54 .................... 779.54 
5 /8 5 /9 Malta .................................................... .................... 231.35 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 231.35 
Joan Condon ............................................................ 5 /2 5 /5 Egypt ......................................... ............ .................... 801.00 .................... 6,585.10 .................... .................... ................... . 7,386.10 
5 /5 5 /8 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 663.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 663.00 
5 /8 5 /9 Malta .................................................... .................... 238.23 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 238.23 
Jessica Kelch ........................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Egypt ........................................ ............. .................... 797.52 .................... 4,197.60 .................... .................... .................. .. 4,995.12 
5 /5 5 /8 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 663.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 663.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 43,825.84 .................... 177,485.33 .................... 15,260.60 .............. ...... 236,571.77 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
4Indicates delegation costs 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5833 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN A PR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent or 
U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
STAFFDEL Rebecca Ulrich: 
Hon. Jeff Miller .................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Guatemala ...................................... .... .................... 370.00 .................... * 1,049.30 .................... .................... .................... 1,419. 30 
5 /27 5 /29 El Salvador ......................................... .................... 422.40 .................... ................ .......... .................... .................... .................... 422.40 
5 /29 5 /31 Honduras ............................................ .................... 460.00 .................... ................ .......... .................... .................... .................... 460.00 
Alex Carnes .......................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Guatemala ..................................... ..... .................... 397.00 .................... * 1,049.30 .................... .................... .................... 1,446 .30 
5 /27 5 /29 El Salvador ......................................... .................... 403.40 .................... ................ .......... .................... .................... .................... 403.40 
5 /29 5 /31 Honduras ............................................ .................... 430.00 .................... ................ .......... .................... .................... .................... 430.00 
CODEL Kirsten Gillibrand: Hon. Kathleen Rice .............................................. 4 /7 4 /8 Tunisia .............................................. .. .................... 215.42 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 215.42 
4 /8 4 /9 Chad ................................................... .................... 286.37 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 286.37 
4 /9 4 /10 Kenya .................................................. .................... 728.67 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 728.67 
4 /11 4 /12 Senegal ............................................... .................... 242.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 242.98 
Per Diem Returned: ............................................. ............. ................. .................................. ........................... .................... (247.49) .................... .......................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 247.49 
CODEL Martha McSally: Hon. Norma Torres ............................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Qatar ................................................ ... .................... 62.00 .................... ** 12,581.05 .................... .................... .................... 12,643 .05 
5 /3 5 /5 Afghanistan ........................................ .................... 12.00 .................... .................... ...... .................... .................... .................... 12.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Kuwait ................................................. .................... 355.00 .................... ............... ........... .................... .................... .................... 355.00 
CODEL Mike Rogers: Hon. Mark Walker ................................................ 5 /25 5 /27 Japan .............................................. .... .................... 665.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 665.00 
5 /28 5 /29 South Korea ........................................ .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
STAFFDEL Mandy Bowers: Mandy Bowers ..................................................... 4 /3 4 /3 Turkey .............................................. ... .................... .................... .................... .......................... .................... .................. .. .................... 0.00 
4 /4 4 /7 Malaysia ............................................. .................... 546.00 .................... *** 14,160.80 .... ................ .................... .................... 14,706.80 
4 /8 4 /12 Australia ............................................. .................... 1,233.00 .................... ............. ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,233.00 
Alan Carroll ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /3 Turkey .......................................... ....... .................... .................... .................... .......................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 0.00 
4 /4 4 /7 Malaysia ............................................. .................... 819.00 .................... *** 10,689.70 .... ................ .................... .................... 11,508.70 
4 /8 4 /12 Australia ............................................. .................... 1,233.00 .................... ............. ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,233.00 
Lewis Burke ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /3 Turkey ........................................... ...... .................... .................... .................... .......................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 0.00 
4 /4 4 /7 Malaysia ............................................. .................... 546.00 .................... *** 8,799.90 ..... ............... .................... .................... 9,345.90 
4 /8 4 /12 Australia ............................................. .................... 1,233.00 .................... ............. ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,233.00 
Nicole Tisdale ...................................................... 4 /3 4 /3 Turkey ........................................... ...... .................... .................... .................... .......................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 0.00 
4 /4 4 /7 Malaysia ............................................. .................... 546.00 .................... *** 14,160.80 .... ................ .................... .................... 14,706.80 
4 /8 4 /12 Australia ............................................. .................... 1,233.00 .................... ............. ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,233.00 
C. Hayes .............................................................. 4 /3 4 /3 Turkey ......................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... .......................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 0.00 
4 /4 4 /7 Malaysia ............................................. .................... 546.00 .................... *** 14,660.80 .... ................ .................... .................... 15,206.80 
4 /8 4 /12 Australia ............................................. .................... 1,233.00 .................... ............. ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,233.00 
Additional expenses: 
Local Staff Overtime ......................... 4 /4 4 /7 Malaysia ............................................. ................... . .................... .................... .......................... .................... 302.34 .................... 302.34 
Transportation ................................... 4 /8 4 /12 Australia ............................................. ............. ....... .................... .................... .......................... .................... 2,034.00 .................... 2,034 .00 
CODEL Michael McCaul: Hon. Michael McCaul .......................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel .................................................. . .................... 1,500.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 408.41 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 408.41 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Hon. William Keating ........................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ................................................ ... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 408.41 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 408.41 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Hon. John Katko ................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ............................................. ...... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.96 .................... **** 1,606.10 .... ................ .................... .................... 1,982.06 
Hon. Will Hurd ..................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ............................................ ....... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... **** 5,303.90 .... ................ .................... .................... 5,687.90 
Hon. Barry Loudermilk ......................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ................................................. .. .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.22 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 408.41 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 408.41 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Hon. Kathleen Rice .............................................. 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ............................................... .... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.96 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Brendan Shields .................................................. 5 /2 5 /5 Israel .............................................. ..... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.97 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.97 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Laura Fullerton .................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ............................................ ....... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.96 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Miles Taylor ......................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel .......................................... ......... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.97 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.97 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Susan Phalen ...................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ............................................. ...... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ..................................................... .................... 1,150.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.96 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Lanier Avant ........................................................ 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ........................................... ........ .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.96 .................... **** 3,050.60 .... ................ .................... .................... 3,426.56 
Nicole Tisdale ...................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ........................................... ........ .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. .................... 718.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.21 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. .................... 375.97 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.97 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Additional expenses: 
Transportation, OT, etc. .............................. 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ................................................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .......................... .................... 27,539.45 ................. ... 27,539.45 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5834 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN A PR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent or 
U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Vehicle rental, etc. ..................................... 5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................. ..... ............... .................... .................... .......................... .................... 1,655.87 ................. ... 1,655.87 
Bus rental, OT, etc. .................................... 5 /6 5 /7 Germany .............................................. ........ ............ .................... .................... .......................... .................... 3,971.78 .................... 3,971.78 
Rental van, OT, etc. ................................... 5 /7 5 /8 Belgium .............................................. ......... ........... .................... .................... .......................... .................... 4,433.62 .................... 4 ,433.62 
Trans, OT, Equip rental .............................. 5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................. ........ ............ .................... .................... .......................... .................... 22,207.37 ................... . 22,207.37 
Gifts for official visit ................................. 5 /2 5 /11 All ....................................................... . ................... .................... .................... .......................... .................... 656.06 ............... ..... 656.06 
Committee total ..................................... ............. ................. ............................................. ................ .................... 78,126.22 .................... 87,112.25 .................... 62,800.49 .................... 2 28,038.96 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
* For STAFFDEL Ulrich, airfair all inclusive. ** For CODEL McSally, airfare inclusive of multiple legs of trip. *** For STAFFDEL Bowers, airfares inclusive of multiple legs of trip. **** Flight from Brussels to US. ***** Flight from Germany to US. ****** Flight from Brussels to US. 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, July 15, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................. 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ............................................ .......... .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Tom Marino ..................................................... 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ........................................... ........... .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Mike Bishop .................................................... 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ........................................... ........... .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Pedro Pierluis .................................................. 5 /21 5 /30 Peru .......................................... ............ .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
John Manning .......................................................... 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Danielle Brown ........................................................ 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Branden Ritchie ....................................................... 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Robert Parmiter ....................................................... 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Anthony Grossi ......................................................... 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ........................................ .............. .................... 614.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,677.00 .................... 2,291.00 
............. ................. Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. Panama ................................................ .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 5,526.00 .................... .................... .................... 15,093.00 ...... .............. 20,619.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Tim Walberg .................................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 315.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 315.00 
3 /29 3 /30 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 396.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 396.00 
3 /30 3 /31 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 485.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 485.00 
3 /31 4 /1 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 400.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 400.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5835 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
4 /1 4 /3 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 480.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 480.00 
4 /3 4 /4 Spain .................................................... .................... 236.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 236.00 
Hon. Jason Chaffetz ................................................ 4 /23 4 /24 Mexico .......................................... ......... .................... 300.00 .................... 777.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,07 7.00 
Hon. Stacey Plaskett ............................................... 4 /23 4 /24 Mexico .......................................... ......... .................... 362.00 .................... 1,052.00 .................... .................... .................... 1, 414.00 
Cordell Hull .............................................................. 4 /22 4 /24 Mexico ................................... ................ .................... 724.00 .................... 688.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 1,412.00 
Hon. Jason Chaffetz ................................................ 5 /2 5 /5 Saudi Arabia ...................................... ... .................... 946.00 .................... 12,361.00 .................... .................... .................... 13,307. 00 
Andrew Dockham ..................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Saudi Arabia ...................................... ... .................... 946.00 .................... 12,691.00 .................... .................... .................... 13,637. 00 
Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. .............................. ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 2,978.00 .................... 2,978.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 5,590.00 .................... 27,569.00 .................... 2,978.00 ................. ... 36,137.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Aug. 7, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND J UNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Pete Sessions .................................................. 4 /30 5 /5 Israel/Turkey ................................... ...... .................... 551.00 .................... 429.57 .................... 1,142.88 .................... 2,123.45 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany ................................................ .................... 231.00 .................... 41.79 ......... ........... 324.28 .................... 597.07 
5 /8 5 /10 Bel/France ............................................. .................... 429.00 .................... 172.53 ....... ............. 538.95 .................... 1,140.48 
Lackey Miles ............................................................ 5 /22 5 /24 El Salvador ................................ ........... .................... 519.90 .................... 1,841.23 .................... .................... .................... 2,361.13 
Hon. James McGovern ............................................. 5 /22 5 /24 El Salvador ........................................ ... .................... 519.90 .................... 1,841.23 .................... .................... .................... 2,361.13  
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,250.80 .................... 4,326.35 .................... 2,006.11 .................. .. 8,583.26 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. PETE SESSIONS, Chairman, July 29, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EX PENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Barbara Comstock .......................................... 5 /21 5 /30 Peru ................................................ ......
Colombia El Salvador Panama .................... 2,291.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 2,291.00 
Hon. John Mica ........................................................ 6 /19 6 /23 France ....................................... ............ .................... 2,074.00 .................... 4,560.90 .................... 84.00 .................... 6,718.90 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 4,365.00 .................... 4,560.90 .................... 84.00 .................... 9 ,009.90 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, July 31, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Charles Rangel ............................................... 4 /9 4 /12 Panama ............................................ .... .................... 786.00 .................... 3,094.15 .................... .................... .................... 3,880.1 5 
Hon. Vern Buchanan ............................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel .............................................. ....... .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /3 5 /3 Iraq ....................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. 1,150.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,150.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................... .................... 654.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 654.00 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany ................................................ .................... 384.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 384.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium ................................................ .................... 375.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.96 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................... .................... 1,947.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,947.00 
Hon. George Holding ................................................ 5 /7 5 /9 Europe ............................................ ....... .................... 715.00 .................... 1,897.90 .................... .................... .................... 2,61 2.90 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 138.00 
Hon. John Larson ..................................................... 5 /23 5 /28 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... 1,455.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,455.00 
Hon. Vern Buchanan ............................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Germany ........................................... ..... .................... 334.28 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 334.28 
3 /29 3 /29 Romania ............................................... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /29 3 /30 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 395.01 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 395.01 
3 /30 3 /31 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 486.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 486.00 
3 /31 4 /1 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 398.04 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 398.04 
4 /1 4 /3 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 573.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 573.00 
4 /3 4 /3 Burundi ................................................. .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
4 /3 4 /4 Spain .................................................... .................... 104.12 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 104.12 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5836 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 10,245.41 .................... 6,142.05 .................... .................... ...... .............. 16,387.46 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. PAUL RYAN, Chairman, July 31, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPEND ED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Mike Pompeo ................................................... 4 /5 4 /8 Middle East ....................................... ... .................... 97.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 97.00 
4 /8 4 /9 Middle East .......................................... .................... 339.82 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 339.82 
4 /10 4 /11 Middle East .......................................... .................... 414.20 .................... ............... ..... .................... 39.93 .................... 454.13 
4 /11 4 /12 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 54.92 .................... 54.92 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,208.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,208.00 
Hon. Eric Swalwell ................................................... 4 /5 4 /8 Middle East ..................................... ..... .................... 87.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 87.00 
4 /10 4 /11 Middle East .......................................... .................... 414.20 .................... ............... ..... .................... 39.93 .................... ....................
4 /11 4 /12 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 54.92 .................... 454.13 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,339.60 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,339.60 
Timothy Bergreen ..................................................... 4 /5 4 /8 Middle East ..................................... ..... .................... 97.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 97.00 
4 /8 4 /9 Middle East .......................................... .................... 339.82 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 339.82 
4 /10 4 /11 Middle East .......................................... .................... 414.20 .................... ............... ..... .................... 39.93 .................... 454.13 
4 /11 4 /12 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 54.92 .................... 54.92 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,536.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,536.00 
Chelsey Campbell .................................................... ............. ................. Middle East .................. ........................ .................... 97.00 .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... 97.00 
4 /8 4 /9 Middle East .......................................... .................... 339.82 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 339.82 
4 /10 4 /11 Middle East .......................................... .................... 414.20 .................... ............... ..... .................... 39.93 .................... 454.13 
4 /11 4 /12 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 54.92 .................... 54.92 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,536.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,536.00 
Hon. Lynn Westmoreland ......................................... 4 /7 4 /9 Central America .................................... ... ................. 361.63 .................... .................... .................... 257.14 .................... 618.77 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 670.61 .................... ............... ..... .................... 670.61 
Hon. IIeana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 4 /7 4 /9 Central America .................................... .. .................. 361.63 .................... .................... .................... 257.14 .................... 618.77 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 670.61 .................... ............... ..... .................... 670.61 
Hon. James Himes ................................................... 4 /7 4 /9 Central America ................................... . .................... 361.63 .................... .................... .................... 257.14 .................... 618.77 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 670.61 .................... ............... ..... .................... 670.61 
Hon. Jackie Speier ................................................... 4 /7 4 /9 Central America ................................. ... .................... 361.63 .................... .................... .................... 257.14 .................... 618.77 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 670.61 .................... ............... ..... .................... 670.61 
Andrew House .......................................................... 4 /7 4 /9 Central America ................................ .... .................... 361.63 .................... .................... .................... 257.14 .................... 618.77 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 670.61 .................... 184.10 ........ ............ 854.71 
Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 4 /7 4 /9 Central America ................................. ... .................... 361.63 .................... .................... .................... 257.14 .................... 618.77 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 670.61 .................... ............... ..... .................... 670.61 
Robert Minehart ....................................................... 4 /7 4 /9 Central America ................................ .... .................... 361.63 .................... .................... .................... 257.14 .................... 618.77 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 670.61 .................... ............... ..... .................... 670.61 
Hon. Jeff Miller ........................................................ 4 /10 4 /12 Europe ..................................... .............. .................... 834.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 834.37 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,365.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,365.40 
Hon. Michael Turner ................................................ 4 /10 4 /12 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 834.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 834.37 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,365.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,365.40 
Jacob Crisp .............................................................. 4 /10 4 /12 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 834.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 834.37 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,365.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,365.40 
Hon. Chris Stewart .................................................. 5 /4 5 /6 Africa ........................................... ......... .................... 935.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 935.37 
5 /7 5 /8 Africa .................................................... .................... 555.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 555.00 
5 /8 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 385.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 633.32 .................... 1,018.32 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,294.02 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,294.02 
Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 5 /4 5 /6 Africa ........................................... ......... .................... 935.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 935.37 
5 /7 5 /8 Africa .................................................... .................... 555.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 555.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,926.02 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,926.02 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa ........................................... ......... .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 577. 95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 715.00 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 1,321.83 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa ........................................... ......... .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 577. 95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 848.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 848.00 
Hon. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 5 /2 5 /3 Africa ............................................... ..... .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 577.95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 715.00 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 1,321.83 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa ......................................... ........... .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 57 7.95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 357.50 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 964.33 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,834.30 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,834.30 
Damon Nelson ......................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa .......................................... .......... .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 577 .95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 715.00 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 1,321.83 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Timothy Bergreen ..................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa .......................................... .......... .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 577 .95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 715.00 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 1,321.83 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Kristin Jepson .......................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa ....................................... ............. .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 577.95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 715.00 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 1,321.83 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Robert Minehart ....................................................... 5 /2 5 /3 Africa ......................................... ........... .................... 336.32 .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... 57 7.95 
5 /3 5 /5 Africa .................................................... .................... 604.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 131.40 .................... 735.40 
5 /5 5 /7 Europe ................................................... .................... 769.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 209.62 .................... 979.12 
5 /7 5 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 715.00 .................... 115.88 ...... .............. 490.95 .................... 1,321.83 
5 /9 5 /10 Europe ................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 201.25 .................... 339.25 
Diane Rinaldo .......................................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 841.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 841.38 
5 /27 5 /29 Europe ................................................... .................... 426.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 473.51 .................... 899.51 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5837 September 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPEND ED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
30, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,087.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,087.66 
Amanda Rogers-Thorpe ........................................... 5 /25 5 /27 Asia ................................................ ....... .................... 841.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 841.38 
5 /27 5 /29 Europe ................................................... .................... 426.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 473.50 .................... 899.50 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,087.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,087.66 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 33,143.34 .................... 124,298.89 .................... 13,249.16 .............. ...... 170,691.39 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
* In accordance with title 22, United States Code, Section 1754(b)(2), information as would identify the foreign countries in wh ich Committee Members and staff have traveled is omitted. 
HON. DEVIN NUNES, Chairman, July 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEE 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
HON. PAUL RYAN, Chairman, July 1, 2015 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEE 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, July 15, 2015. 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND  JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Erika Schlager ......................................................... 4 /13 4 /18 Austria ..................................... ............. Euro 1,870.00 .................... 1,771.10 .................... .................... .................... 3,641.10 
5 /20 5 /23 Czech Republic ..................................... Koruna 832.00 .................... 2,696.30 .................... . ................... .................... 3,528.30 
Alex Johnson ............................................................ 4 /23 4 /28 France ..................................... .............. Euro 2,531.78 .................... 2,133.70 .................... .................... .................... 4,665.48 
............. ................. Denmark ............................................... Krone .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
6 /3 6 /10 Turkey ................................................... Lira 2,574.00 .................... 2,817.50 ................ .... .................... .................... 5,391.50 
............. ................. Greece ................................................... Euro .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Robert Hand ............................................................ 4 /23 4 /28 Denmark ..................................... .......... Krone 513.00 .................... 1,541.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,054.00 
Shelly Han ............................................................... 5 /26 6 /3 South Korea ................................ .......... Won 2,544.00 .................... 2,818.00 .................... .................... .................... 5,362.00 
............. ................. China .................................................... Renminbi .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Janice Helwig ........................................................... 4 /13 6 /30 Austria .................................... .............. Euro 26,286.00 .................... 4,667.85 .................... .................... .................... 30,953.85  
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 37,150.78 .................... 18,445.35 .................... .................... ..... ............... 55,596.13 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, July 31, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2423. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Clarification of United States Antitrust Laws, Immunity, and Li-
ability Under Marketing Order Programs [Docket No.: AMS-FV-14-0072; FV14-900-2 FR] received August 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2424. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Cranberries Grown in 
States of Massachusetts, et al.; Revising De-termination of Sales History [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0091; FV15-929-1 FR] received Au-gust 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2425. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Fruit, Vegetable, and 
Specialty Crops--Import Regulations; Changes to Reporting Requirements To Add Electronic Form Filing Option [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0093; FV15-944/980/999-1 FIR] re-ceived August 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2426. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department 
of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Olives Grown in Cali-fornia; Increased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0105; FV15-932-1 FR] received Au-gust 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2427. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Amendment of Asian Longhorned Beetle Quarantine Areas in Mas-sachusetts and New York [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0016] received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.011 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5838 September 8, 2015 
2428. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Cotton and Tobacco Program, Agri-cultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cotton Research and Promotion Program: Procedures for Conduct of Sign-up Period [AMS-CN-12-0059] received August 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
2429. A letter from the Board Chairman and 
CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s Major final rule — Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Haz-ards (RIN: 3052-AC93) received August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
2430. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a notification of the President’s intent to exempt all military personnel accounts, including Coast Guard personnel accounts, from any discretionary cap sequestration in FY 2016, if a sequestra-tion is necessary, pursuant to Sec. 255(f) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
2431. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the OMB Seques-tration Update Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to Sec. 254 of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
2432. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General John D. Johnson, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2433. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Contracts or Delivery Orders Issued by a Non-DoD Agency (DFARS Case 2015-D014) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0039] (RIN: 0750-AI63) received Au-gust 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
2434. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Con-tractor Personnel Supporting U.S. Armed Forces Deployed Outside the United States (DFARS Case 2014-D023) (Docket No.: 2015- 0010] (RIN: 0750-AI45) received August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
2435. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Use of Military Construction Funds (DFARS Case 2015-D006) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0019] (RIN: 0750-AI52) received August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2436. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Acquisi-tion of the American Flag (DFARS Case 2015- D005) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0014] (RIN: 0750-AI51) received August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2437. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Item Unique Identification Prescription Correc-tion (DFARS Case 2014-D021) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0041] (RIN: 0750-AI65) received Au-gust 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
2438. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s interim rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Net-work Penetration Reporting and Contracting for Cloud Services (DFARS Case 2013-D018) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0039] (RIN: 0750-AI61) received August 26, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
2439. A letter from the OSD Federal Reg-
ister Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final rule — Limitations on Terms of Consumer Credit Extended to Service Members and Dependents [DOD-2013- OS-0133] (RIN: 0790-AJ10) received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
2440. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the ‘‘Annual Report to the Congress on the Presidential $1 Coin Program’’, pursu-ant to Sec. 104 of the Presidential $1 Coin Act of 2005, Pub. L. 109-145; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2441. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility, Sul-livan County, NY, et al. [Docket ID: FEMA- 2015-0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8391] received August 10, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2442. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Dela-ware County, PA, et al. [Docket ID: FEMA- 2015-0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8393] received August 13, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2443. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s report entitled ‘‘Audit of the Ex-change Stabilization Fund’s Fiscal Years 2014 and 2013 Financial Statements’’, pursu-ant to Sec. 10 of the Gold Reserve Act of 1934, as amended, 31 U.S.C. 5302; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2444. A letter from the Secretary, Division 
of Corporation Finance, Securities and Ex-change Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s Major final rule — Pay Ratio Dis-closure [Release Nos.: 33-9877; 34-75610; File No.: S7-07-13] (RIN: 3235-AL47) received Au-gust 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2445. A letter from the Secretary, Division 
of Trading and Markets, Securities and Ex-change Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s Major final rule — Registration Process for Security-Based Swap Dealers and Major Security-Based Swap Participants [Release No.: 34-75611; File No.: S7-40-11] 
(RIN: 3235-AL05) received August 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
2446. A letter from the Managing Associate 
General Counsel, Government Account-ability Office, transmitting the Office’s Major rule — Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Hazards (RINs: 1557-AD84, 7100 AE-22; 3064-AE27; 3052-AC93; 3133-AE40) received Au-gust 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2447. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s Major final rule — Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Hazards (RIN: 3064-AE27) received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
2448. A letter from the General Counsel, 
National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Major final rule — Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Hazards (RIN: 3133-AE40) received Au-gust 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2449. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final priority — Technical Assistance Center for Vocational Rehabilitation Agency Program Evaluation and Quality Assurance [Docket ID: ED-2015- OSERS-0048] [CFDA No.: 84.263B.] received August 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2450. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final priority — Rehabilitation Training: Vocational Reha-bilitation Technical Assistance Center —— Youth with Disabilities [CFDA No.: 84.264H.] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2451. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final priority and definitions — Demonstration and Training Program: Career Pathways for Individuals with Disabilities [CFDA Number: 84.235N.] [Docket ID: ED-2015-OSERS-0061] received August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2452. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final priority — Rehabilitation Training: Vocational Reha-bilitation Workforce Innovation Technical Assistance Center [CFDA Number: 84.264G.] [Docket ID: ED-2015-OSERS-0069] received August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2453. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final priority and definitions — Rehabilitation Training: Voca-tional Rehabilitation Technical Assistance Center — Targeted Communities [CDFA Number: 84.264F.] [Docket ID: ED-2015- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5839 September 8, 2015 
OSERS-0070] received August 21, 2015, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2454. A letter from the Acting Director, 
MSHA, Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Department of Labor, transmit-ting The Department’s final rule — Fees for Testing, Evaluation, and Approval of Mining Products [Docket No.: MSHA-2014-0016] (RIN: 1219-AB82) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
2455. A letter from the Program Manager, 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Closed-Circuit Escape Respirators; Extension of Transition Period [Docket No.: CDC-2015-0004; NIOSH-280] (RIN: 0920-AA60) received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2456. A letter from the Chair, Community 
Preventive Services Task Force, transmit-ting the Community Preventive Services Task Force’s 2014-2015 Annual Report to Con-gress, pursuant to the Public Health Service Act, Sec. 399U(b)(6); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
2457. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel, Regulatory Affairs, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Substantial Product Hazard List: Seasonal and Decorative Lighting Products [CPSC Docket No.: CPSC-2014-0024] received August 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2458. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel, Regulatory Affairs, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Substantial Product Hazard List: Extension Cords [CPSC Docket No.: CPSC-2015-0003] received August 20, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2459. A letter from the Administrator, U.S. 
Energy Information Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petro-leum and Petroleum Products Produced in Countries Other Than Iran’’, the twenty-sec-ond in a series of reports required by Sec. 1245(d)(4)(a) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for FY 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2460. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
General Counsel, Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for External Power Supplies [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP-0043] (RIN: 1904-AD36) received August 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2461. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Countermeasures Injury Com-pensation Program: Pandemic Influenza Countermeasures Injury Table (RIN: 0906- AA79) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2462. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s report entitled ‘‘Health, United States, 2014’’, pursuant to 
Sec. 308 of the Public Health Service Act, Pub. L. 78-410; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2463. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Iowa; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0103; FRL-9926-85- Region 7] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2464. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Wash-ington [EPA-R10-OAR-2007-0112; FRL-9932-21- Region 10] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2465. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Ala-bama, Mississippi, and South Carolina; Cer-tain Visibility Requirements for the 2008 Ozone Standards [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0177 FRL-9932-30-Region 4] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2466. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Florida; Miscellaneous Changes [EPA-R04-OAR-2015- 0336; FRL-9932-25-Region 4] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2467. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Geor-gia; Atlanta; Requirements for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015- 0248; FRL-9932-20-Region 4] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2468. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Arizona; In-frastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead (Pb) and the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Am-bient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA- R09-OAR-2014-0258; FRL-9926-72-Region 9] re-ceived August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2469. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; State of Col-orado; Interstate Transport of Pollution for the 2006 24-Hour PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R08- OAR-2012-0346; FRL-9932-04-Region 8] re-ceived August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2470. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; State of Wy-oming; Interstate Transport of Pollution for 
the 2006 24-Hour PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R08- OAR-2012-0351; FRL-9932-05-Region 8] re-ceived August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2471. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Definitions of Low Pressure Gas Well and Storage Vessel [EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0505; FRL-9931-76-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS49) received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2472. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, Butte County Air Quality Management District, Feather River Air Quality Management Dis-trict, and San Luis Obispo County Air Pollu-tion Control District; Correction [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0246; FRL-9931-19-Region 9] re-ceived August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2473. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Acetic acid; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2014-0793; FRL-9930-20] received Au-gust 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2474. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana and Ohio; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2010 NO2 and SO2 NAAQS [EPA-R05- OAR-2012-0991; EPA-R05-OAR-2013-0435; FRL- 9932-15-Region 5] received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2475. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Movement of the Northern Virginia Area from Virginia’s Nonattain-ment Area List to its Maintenance Area List [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0454; FRL-9932-35-Region 3] received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2476. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fludioxonil; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0496; FRL-9931-06] received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2477. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Hexythiazox; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0804; FRL-9931-30] received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
2478. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Lavandulyl Senecioate; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0017; FRL-9930-16] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5840 September 8, 2015 
received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2479. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Data Requirements Rule for the 2010 1-Hour Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0711; FRL-9928- 18-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR19) received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2480. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Missouri, Controlling Emissions During Episodes of High Air Pollution Potential [EPA-R07-OAR- 2014-0602; FRL-9932-39-Region 7] received Au-gust 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2481. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Klamath Falls, Or-egon Nonattainment Area; Fine Particulate Matter Emissions Inventory and SIP Strengthening Measures [EPA-R10-OAR-2013- 0005; FRL-9932-40-Region 10] received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2482. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Island; Rhode Island Low Emission Vehicle Program [EPA-R01-OAR-2009-0541; A-1-FRL- 9932-46-Region 1] received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2483. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Interstate Pol-lution Transport Requirements for the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0537; FRL-9932-55-Region 3] received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2484. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Alcoa BART [EPA-R05-OAR-2014- 0660; FRL-9932-18-Region 5] received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2485. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Nebraska; Cross-State Air Pollution Rule [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0565; FRL-9932-84-Region 7] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2486. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan and Wisconsin; 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS PSD and Visibility Infrastructure SIP Re-
quirements [EPA-R05-OAR-2009-0805; FRL- 9932-65-Region 5] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2487. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V Permitting for Greenhouse Gases: Removal of Certain Va-cated Elements [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0414; FRL-9932-11-OAR] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2488. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Idaho: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram; Revision [EPA-R10-RCRA-2015-0307; FRL-9932-87-Region 10] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2489. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; IL; MN; Determinations of Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard for Chicago and Eagan [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0408; EPA-R05- OAR-2015-0409; FRL-9932-63-Region 5] re-ceived August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2490. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Dis-approval of Air Quality State Implementa-tion Plans (SIP); State of Nebraska; Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard (NAAQS) [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0270; FRL- 9932-78-Region 7] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2491. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Kansas; Cross-State Air Pol-lution Rule [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0564; FRL- 9932-83-Region 7] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2492. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — NORTH CAROLINA: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions [EPA-R04-RCRA-2015-0294; FRL-9932-93-Re-gion 4] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2493. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Klamath Falls, Or-egon Nonattainment Area; Fine Particulate Matter Emissions Inventory and SIP Strengthening Measures [EPA-R10-OAR-2013- 0005; FRL-9932-40-Region 10] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2494. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Kansas; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0512; FRL-9932- 81-Region 7] received August 19, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2495. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Missouri; Cross-State Air Pollution Rule [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0556; FRL-9932-95-Region 7] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2496. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mon-tana; Revisions to the Administrative Rules of Montana; Correction [EPA-R08-OAR-2010- 0304; FRL-9932-53-Region 8] received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2497. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of North Carolina’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gasoline Volatility Standard for Mecklenburg and Gaston Counties [EPA- HQ-OAR-2015-0208; FRL-9931-94-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS64) received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2498. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Promulgation of State Im-plementation Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2008 Lead, and 2010 NO2 National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Colorado [EPA-R08-OAR-2012- 0972; FRL-9932-52-Region 8] received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2499. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Methane sulfonic acid; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0633; FRL-9931-07] received August 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2500. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Difenoconazole; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0470; FRL- 9929-61] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2501. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Illinois; Disapproval of State Board Infrastructure SIP Require-ments for the 2006 PM2.5 and 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R05-OAR-2009-0805; EPA-R05- OAR-2011-0969; FRL-9932-97-Region 5] re-ceived August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2502. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5841 September 8, 2015 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Revi-sions to the New Source Review (NSR) State Implementation Plan (SIP) for Albuquerque- 
Bernalillo County; Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) Permitting [EPA-R06- OAR-2013-0616; FRL-9931-35-Region 6] re-ceived August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2503. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Michigan: Final Authoriza-tion of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revision [EPA-R05-RCRA-2014-0689; FRL-9933-29-Region 5] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2504. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michi-gan; Michigan State Board Requirements [EPA-R05-OAR-2014-0657; FRL-9933-11-Region 5] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2505. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mis-souri; 2013 Missouri State Implementation Plan for the 2008 Lead Standard [EPA-R07- OAR-2015-0223; FRL-9933-09-Region 7] re-ceived August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2506. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Dimethomorph; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0531; FRL- 9932-26] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2507. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Sec-ondary Aluminum Production [EPA-HQ- OAR-2010-0544; FRL-9932-44-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AQ40) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2508. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Dis-approval of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Nebraska; Revision to the State Im-plementation Plan (SIP) Infrastructure Re-quirements for the 1997 and 2006 Fine Partic-ulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standards and the Revocation of the PM10 Annual Standard and Adoption of the 24hr PM2.5 Standard [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0269; FRL-9933-04-Region 7] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2509. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Expanding the Economic and Innova-tion Opportunities of Spectrum Through In-centive Auctions; Channel Sharing by Full Power and Class A Stations Outside the Broadcast Television Spectrum Incentive Auction Context [GN Docket No.: 12-268] [MB 
Docket No.: 15-137] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2510. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revisions to Auxiliary Installations, Re-placement Facilities, and Siting and Mainte-nance Regulations [Docket No.: RM12-11-003; Order No.: 790-B] received August 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2511. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final revised interpretations — Final Action Concerning Review of Interpre-tations of Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act; Rule Governing Disclosure of Written Con-sumer Product Warranty Terms and Condi-tions; Rule Governing Pre-Sale Availability of Written Warranty Terms; Rule Governing Informal Dispute Settlement Procedures; and Guides for the Advertising of Warranties and Guarantees (RIN: 3084-AB24; 3084-AB25; 3084-AB26) received August 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2512. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Certification; Mica-Based Pearlescent Pigments; Confirma-tion of Effective Date [Docket Nos.: FDA- 2014-C-1616 and FDA-2015-C-0245] received Au-gust 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2513. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, National Institutes of Health, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Institutes of Health Undergraduate Scholarship Program Regarding Professions Needed by National Research Institutes [Docket No.: NIH-2007-0930] (RIN: 0925-AA10) received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2514. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Office of Administra-tion, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Mis-cellaneous Corrections [NRC-2015-0105] (RIN: 3150-AJ60) received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2515. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Definitions and Stand-ards for Grid-Enabled Water Heaters [Docket No.: EERE-2015-BT-STD-0017] (RIN: 1904- AD55) received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2516. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Clothes Washers [Docket No.: EERE-2013-BT-TP-0009] (RIN: 1904-AC97) re-ceived August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
2517. A letter from the Chair of the Incen-
tive Auctions Task Force, Office of Strategic Planning and Policy Analysis, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Expanding the Economic and Innovation Opportunities of Spectrum Through Incentive Auctions [GN Docket No.: 12-268] received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2518. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report by the Department on progress toward a negotiated solution of the Cyprus question covering the period of April 1 through May 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 620C(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, and in accordance with Sec. 1(a)(6) of Executive Order 13313; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2519. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Persons to the Entity List; and Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List Based on Removal Requests [Docket No.: 150427401-5401-01] (RIN: 0694- AG61) received August 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2520. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to Sec. 1512 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), as amended by Sec. 146 of the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-277), and the President’s Sep-tember 29, 2009 delegation of authority [74 Fed. Reg. 50,913 (Oct. 2, 2009)]; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2521. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to Sec. 1512 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), as amended by Sec. 146 of the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-277), and the President’s Sep-tember 29, 2009 delegation of authority [74 Fed. Reg. 50,913 (Oct. 2, 2009)]; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2522. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination consistent with the provisions of 22 U.S.C. Sec. 2291-4, as amended, a copy of Presidential Determina-tion No. 2015-10 determining that Colombia meets the statutory requirements relating to the interdiction of aircraft reasonably sus-pected to be engaged in illicit drug traf-ficking; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
2523. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements, other than treaties en-tered into by the United States, to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
2524. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report prepared by the Department concerning international agree-ments, other than treaties entered into by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5842 September 8, 2015 
the United States, to be transmitted to the 
Congress within the sixty-day period speci-fied in the Case-Zablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
2525. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-065; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2526. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-043; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2527. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-035; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2528. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-044; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2529. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-074; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2530. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-034; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2531. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-028; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2532. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-025; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2533. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of proposed issuance of an export license, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-039; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2534. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Secretary’s determina-tions, certifications, and notifications, pur-suant to the Iran Freedom and Counter-Pro-liferation Act of 2012, Secs. 1244(c)(1), 1246(a)(1), and 1247(a); ; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2535. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emer-gencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Cote d’Ivoire that was de-clared in Executive Order 13396 of February 7, 2006; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2536. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emer-gencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a final report on the national emergency with respect to the risk of nuclear proliferation created by the accumulation of a large vol-ume of weapons-usable fissile material in the 
territory of the Russian Federation that was declared in Executive Order 13617 of June 25, 2012; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2537. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emer-gencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism that was declared in Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2538. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting as re-quired by Sec. 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1622(d), notification that the national emergency declared, with respect to Export Control Regulations, in Executive Order 13222 of August 17, 2001 is to continue in effect beyond August 17, 2015; (H. Doc. No. 114—55); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
2539. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-141, ‘‘Title IX Athletic Equity Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2540. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-142, ‘‘Naval Lodge Building, Inc. Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2015’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2541. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-140, ‘‘Ruby Whitfield Way Des-ignation Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2542. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-143, ‘‘Margaret Peters and Roumania Peters Walker Tennis Courts Des-ignation Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2543. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-144, ‘‘Closing of Public Streets adjacent to Squares 603S, 605, 607, 661, 661N, and 665, and in U.S. Reservations 243 and 244, S.O. 13-14605, Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2544. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-146, ‘‘Sale of Synthetic Drugs Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2545. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-147, ‘‘Ward 5 Paint Spray Booth Moratorium Temporary Act of 2015’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2546. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-145, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cultiva-tion Center Expansion Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2547. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting a report pursuant to the Federal Va-cancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 2548. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2549. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2550. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2551. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2552. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998 (Pub. L. 105-270), the De-partment’s FY 2012 and FY 2013 report on in-ventories of commercial and inherently gov-ernmental activities; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2553. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursu-ant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
2554. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting a report pursuant to the Federal Va-cancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
2555. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting The Corporation’s 2015 Annual Performance Plan, pursuant to the Government Perform-ance and Results Act of 1993 (as amended) and the GPRA Modernization Act of 2010; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
2556. A letter from the General Counsel, 
General Services Administration, transmit-ting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacan-cies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
2557. A letter from the Administrator, Na-
tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s Fed-eral Activities Inventory Reform Inventory for FY 2012 and 2013, pursuant to the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-270; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2558. A letter from the Chairman, National 
Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203(a) of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107- 174; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 
2559. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s annual report prepared in accordance with Sec. 203 of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107- 174; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 
2560. A letter from the HR Specialist (Exec-
utive Resources), Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5843 September 8, 2015 
Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2561. A letter from the Special Counsel, 
U.S. Office of Special Counsel, transmitting the Report to Congress for FY 2014; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2562. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Special Regulations; Areas of the National Park Sys-tem, Cuyahoga Valley National Park, Bicy-cling [NPS-CUVA-18292; PPMWCUVAR0, PPMRSNR1Z.Y00000] (RIN: 1024-AE18) re-ceived August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2563. A letter from the Departmental Pri-
vacy Officer, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Privacy Act Regula-tions; Exemption for the Indian Arts and Crafts Board [156D0102DM/DS10700000- DMSN00000.000000/DX.10701.CEN00000] (RIN: 1090-AB10) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2564. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; North Atlantic Swordfish Fishery [Docket No.: 120627194-3657-02] (RIN: 0648- XE005) received August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2565. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the West Yakutat District of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XE064) received August 18, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub. L. 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2566. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s 2012 Annual Report for the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement, pursuant to the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2567. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Surfclam and Ocean Quahog Fisheries [Docket No.: 130822745-5611-02] (RIN: 0648-BD64) received August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2568. A letter from the Acting Secretary, 
Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the 
Commission’s Thirty-Seventh Hart-Scott- Rodino Annual Report, pursuant to Sec. 7A of the Clayton Act and the Hart-Scott-Ro-dino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2569. A letter from the Chairman, Adminis-
trative Conference of the United States, transmitting the notice of adoption of Rec-ommendation 2015-1, Promoting Accuracy and Transparency in the Unified Agenda [80 Fed. Reg. 36757 (June 26, 2015)]; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 2570. A letter from the Director, Adminis-
trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the report of the Administra-tive Office of the United States Courts on ap-plications for delayed-notice search warrants and extensions during FY 2014, as required by 18 U.S.C. 3103a(d); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2571. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers who were employed at Westinghouse Electric Corp. in Bloomfield, New Jersey, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 and 42 C.F.R. pt. 83; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
2572. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial 
Conference of the United States, transmit-ting the Report of the Proceedings of the Ju-dicial Conference of the United States for the March 2015 session, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 331; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2573. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s annual report of the Review Panel on Prison Rape, pursuant to Sec. 4(c)(1)(A) of the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003, 42 U.S.C. 15603(c)(1)(A), also including a status report from the Department’s Bu-reau of Justice Statistics entitled ‘‘PREA Data Collection Activities, 2015’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2574. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s report entitled, ‘‘Solutions for Safer Communities: FY 2013 Annual Report to Congress’’, in accordance with Secs. 522, 810, and 1406 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et. seq.), as amended; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2575. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-
preme Court, transmitting notification that the Supreme Court will open the October 2015 term on Monday, October 5, 2015 at 10:00 a.m. and will continue until all matters be-fore the Court ready for argument have been disposed of or decided; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2576. A letter from the Chair, United States 
Sentencing Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Report to Congress: Impact of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (as directed by Sec. 10 of Pub. L. 111-220), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994-995, and its specific authority under 28 U.S.C. 995(a)(20); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2577. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the biennial report on the status of the Missouri River Bank Sta-bilization and Navigation Fish and Wildlife Mitigation Project, Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, and Nebraska, pursuant to Sec. 4003(e) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2578. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Revision of Freedom of Information Act Regulation [Docket No.: FR-5624-F-02] (RIN: 2501-AD57) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2579. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Bremerton, WA [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1067; Airspace 
Docket No.: 14-ANM-15] received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2580. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Re-stricted Areas R-4501A, R-4501B, R-4501C, R- 4501D, R-4501F, and R-4501H; Fort Leonard Wood, MO [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0640; Air-space Docket No.: 14-ACE-4] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2581. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class D and E Airspace; Independence, KS [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0565; Airspace Docket No.: 14- ACE-7) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2582. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Headland, AL [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0046; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-23] re-ceived August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2583. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Greenville, SC [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0044; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO-3] re-ceived August 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2584. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Campbellsville, KY [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0458; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO- 2] received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2585. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Dyersburg, TN [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0968; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-17] re-ceived August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2586. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0921; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-073-AD; Amendment 39-18193; AD 2015-13-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2587. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc. [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2906; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-068-AD; Amendment 39-18213; AD 2015-15-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5844 September 8, 2015 
6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2588. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2957; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NM-089-AD; Amend-ment 39-18218; AD 2015-15-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2589. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2463; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-086-AD; Amendment 39-18216; AD 2015-15-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2590. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class B Airspace; New Orleans, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2219; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWA- 5] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2591. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pratt & Whitney Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1127; Directorate Identifier 2014-NE-16-AD; Amendment 39- 18203; AD 2015-14-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2592. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-neous Amendments [Docket No.: 31030; Amdt. No.: 521] received August 6, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2593. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International, Inc. Turbo-prop Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2006-23706; Directorate Identifier 2006-NE-03-AD; Amendment 39-18177; AD 2015-12-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2594. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Defuniak Springs, FL [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0045; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO- 22] received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2595. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31025; 
Amdt. No.: 3650] received August 6, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2596. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0926; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-085-AD; Amendment 39-18204; AD 2015-14-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2597. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31024; Amdt. 3649] received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2598. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0428; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-067-AD; Amendment 39-18205; AD 2015-14-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2599. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31023; Amdt. No. 3648] received August 6, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2600. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0086; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-191- AD; Amendment 39-18206; AD 2015-14-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2601. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0570; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-094-AD; Amendment 39-18201; AD 2015-14-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2602. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31022; Amdt. No.: 3647] received August 6, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2603. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; GA 8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1123; Directorate Identifier 2014-CE-037-AD; Amendment 39- 18209; AD 2015-16-02 R1] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-
ceived August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2604. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0778; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-095-AD; Amendment 39-18220; AD 2015-15-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2605. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Various Transport Category Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2962; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-071-AD; Amendment 39- 18221; AD 2012-11-09 R1] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2606. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; PILATUS AIRCRAFT LTD. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1177; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-009-AD; Amendment 39- 18208; AD 2015-14-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2607. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0011; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-046- AD; Amendment 39-18194; AD 2015-12-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2608. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0164; Directorate Identifier 2014-NE-02-AD; Amendment 39- 18191; AD 2015-13-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2609. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-1052; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-140-AD; Amendment 39-18210; AD 2015-15-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2610. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0679; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-182- AD; Amendment 39-18211; AD 2015-15-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5845 September 8, 2015 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2611. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0572; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-027-AD; Amendment 39-18214; AD 2015-15-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2612. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0088; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-179-AD; Amendment 39-18217; AD 2015-15-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2613. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0748; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-013- AD; Amendment 39-18219; AD 2015-15-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2614. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0165; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NE-02-AD; Amendment 39-18212; AD 2015-15-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2615. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-
eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Securement of Unat-tended Equipment [Docket No.: FRA-2014- 0032; Notice No.: 2] (RIN: 2130-AC47) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2616. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0348; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-033-AD; Amendment 39-18225; AD 2015-15-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2617. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0095; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-01-AD; Amendment 39- 18228; AD 2015-16-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2618. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 
2014-0652; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-076- AD; Amendment 39-18223; AD 2015-15-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2619. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3139; Direc-torate Identifier 2012-NM-139-AD; Amend-ment 39-18224; AD 2015-15-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2620. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2013-0834; Directorate Identifier 2012-NM-045- AD; Amendment 39-18227; AD 2015-16-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2621. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0487; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-026-AD; Amendment 39-18226; AD 2015-16-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2622. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Kidde Graviner [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0751; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-188-AD; Amendment 39-18229; AD 2015-16-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2623. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0826; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-221- AD; Amendment 39-18222; AD 2015-15-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2624. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31027; Amdt. No.: 3652] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2625. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31026; Amdt. No.: 3651] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2626. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31029; Amdt. No.: 3654] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2627. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31028; Amdt. No.: 3653] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2628. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Water Quality Standards Regulatory Revisions [EPA-HQ-OW-2010-0606; FRL-9921-21-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF16) received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2629. A letter from the Chairman, Office of 
Proceedings and the Office of Economics, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Regulations Governing Fees for Services Performed in Connection with Licensing and Related Services — 2015 Update [Docket No.: EP 542 (Sub-No. 23)] re-ceived August 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2630. A letter from the Chief Impact Ana-
lyst, Office of Regulation Policy, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Loan Guaranty: Adjust-able Rate Mortgage Notification Require-ments and Look-Back Period (RIN: 2900- AP25) received August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
2631. A letter from the Chief Impact Ana-
lyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Man-agement, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Addi-tional Compensation on Account of Children Adopted Out of Veteran’s Family (RIN: 2900- AP18) received August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
2632. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Vet-erans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Vet Centers (RIN: 2900-AP21) received August 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
2633. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Squaw Valley- Miramonte Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015-0002; T.D. TTB-129; Ref: Notice No.: 146] (RIN: 1513-AC12) received August 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5846 September 8, 2015 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
2634. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘2012 Regional Partnership Grants to In-crease the Well-Being of and to Improve the Permanency Outcomes for Children Affected by Substance Abuse: Second Annual Report to Congress’’, as required by the Child and Family Services Improvement Act, Pub. L. 112-34; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2635. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury providing additional information regarding the Treas-ury’s ability to continue to finance the gov-ernment and the extraordinary measures taken to avoid default; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2636. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Determination of Distributive Share When Partner’s Interest Changes [TD 9728] (RIN: 1545-BD71) received August 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2637. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Extension of Time to File Certain Information Returns [TD 9730] (RIN: 1545-BM50) received August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2638. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Basis in Interests in Tax-Exempt Trusts [TD 9729] (RIN: 1545-BJ42) received August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2639. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Updated Static Mortality Tables for Defined Benefit Pension Plans for 2016 [No-tice 2015-53] received August 13, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2640. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Procedures for Advance Pricing Agreements (Rev. Proc. 2015-41) received Au-gust 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2641. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Procedures for Requesting Competent Authority Assistance under Tax Treaties (Rev. Proc. 2015-40) received August 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2642. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — Sep-tember 2015 (Rev. Rule. 2015-19) received Au-gust 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2643. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transfers of Property to Partnerships with Related Foreign Partners and Con-trolled Transactions Involving Partnerships 
[Notice 2015-54] received August 21, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2644. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-55] received August 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2645. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 4980I — Excise Tax on High Cost Employer-Sponsored Health Coverage [Notice 2015-52] received August 21, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2646. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Income tax treatment of 2014 fuel credits allowable under section 6426(c) and section 6426(d) [Notice 2015-56] received August 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2647. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Federal Tax Treatment of Identity Protection Services Provided to Data Breach Victims (Announcement 2015-22) received Au-gust 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2648. A letter from the Lead Regulations 
Writer, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Social Security Number Card Applications [Docket No.: SSA-2014-0042] (RIN: 0960-AH68) received August 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2649. A letter from the General Counsel, Of-
fice of the General Counsel, Office of Compli-ance, transmitting the Office’s report on the Occupational Safety and Health Inspections conducted during the 112th and 113th Con-gresses, as provided in Sec. 215(e)(1) of the Congressional Accountability Act, 2 U.S.C. 1341(e)(1); jointly to the Committees on House Administration and Education and the Workforce. 
2650. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulations and Disclosure Law Division, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Liberalization of Certain Documentary Evidence Required as Proof of Exportation on Drawback Claims [CBP Dec. 15-11] (RIN: 1515-AE02) received August 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; jointly to the Committees on Home-land Security and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 1344. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hear-
ing newborns, infants, and young children; with an amendment (Rept. 114–241). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 2820. A bill to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–242). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. KLINE: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 3154. A bill to allow manu-facturers to meet warranty and labeling re-quirements for consumer products by dis-playing the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 243). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 1462. A bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome (Rept. 114–244). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 1725. A bill to amend and re-authorize the controlled substance moni-toring program under section 3990 of the Public Health Service Act, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–245). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 758. A bill to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–246). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2954. A bill to designate the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’ (Rept. 114–247). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. S. 261. An act to designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse (Rept. 114–248). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3114. A bill to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engi-neers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–249). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 487. A bill to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or trans-fer certain lands (Rept. 114–250). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 959. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–251). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1949. A bill to provide for the consideration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Lib-erty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia (Rept. 114–252). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1937. A bill to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.000 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5847 September 8, 2015 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-
retary of Agriculture to more efficiently de-velop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing com-petitiveness (Rept. 114–253, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 2791. A bill to require that certain Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon; and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–254). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. S. 501. An act to make tech-nical corrections to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–255). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 408. Resolution providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 64) disapproving of the agreement trans-mitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–256). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1937 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 3442. A bill to provide further means 
of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal responsibility; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 3443. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
funds under title X of the Public Health Service Act to Planned Parenthood Federa-tion of America, Inc., or its affiliates, sub-sidiaries, successors, or clinics during a pe-riod of review by the Government Account-ability Office and the Congress; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself and Mrs. 
B
ROOKS of Indiana): 
H.R. 3444. A bill to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to reduce Medicaid and CHIP fraud in the territories of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself, Mr. 
PITTS, and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): 
H.R. 3445. A bill to prohibit the sale of 
arms to Bahrain; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. 
L
EVIN, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. K IND, Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 3446. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to require the Secretary to provide for the use of data from the second preceding tax year to carry out the sim-plification of applications for the estimation and determination of financial aid eligi-bility, to increase the income threshold to qualify for zero expected family contribu-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 3447. A bill to extend the deadline for 
commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 3448. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to prohibit the taking of any endangered species or threatened species of fish or wildlife in the United States as a trophy and the importation of any such tro-phy into the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 3449. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to extend honorary citi-zenship to otherwise qualified noncitizens who enlisted in the Philippines and died while serving on active duty with the United States Armed Forces during certain periods of hostilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 3450. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to prohibit private educational lenders from requiring accelerated repay-ment of private education loans upon the death or disability of a cosigner of the loan; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 3451. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to make student loans dischargeable; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 3452. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come any amount awarded under a Federal Pell Grant and any portion of a scholarship used by a full-time student for room and board; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for 
himself and Mr. L
UCAS ): 
H.R. 3453. A bill to clarify the regulatory 
treatment of Federal Home Loan Bank prod-ucts; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 3454. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of Energy to con-duct a fuel system requirements harmoni-zation study, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.J. Res. 65. A joint resolution to authorize 
the use of the United States Armed Forces to achieve the goal of preventing Iran from ob-taining nuclear weapons; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. H
OYER , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. 
REICHERT ): 
H. Con. Res. 73. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 2nd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congres-sional Flag Presentation Ceremony; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H. Con. Res. 74. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for an event to commemorate the 20th Anniver-sary of the Million Man March; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H. Res. 409. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to ex-clude certain organizations from the defini-tion of earmark; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. B RAT): 
H. Res. 410. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 does not apply to the Joint Comprehen-
sive Plan of Action regarding Iran and sub-mitted to Congress on July 19, 2015, because the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is a treaty and, pursuant to Article II of the U.S. Constitution, the Senate must give its ad-vice and consent to ratification if the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is to be effec-tive and binding upon the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
108. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of Texas, rel-ative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 37, urging the United States Congress to di-rect the Department of Defense to relocate the United States Africa Command to Elling-ton Field Joint Reserve Base in Houston; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
109. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 8, recognizing the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the Older Americans Act of 1965, and the successful im-plementation of that act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
110. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Oregon, relative to House Joint Memorial 16, urging Congress to work with Turkish diplomats, European Union, and NATO allies to stop mass arrests and detain-ment of journalists in Turkey; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
111. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 167, urging the United States Congress and the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take such ac-tions as are necessary to rectify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and inte-rior energy producing states; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
112. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 228, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to reestablish a right-of- way through the Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge in order to provide access to 
property owned by the Avoyelles Parish School Board; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
113. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Missouri, relative to House Con-current Resolution No. 15, calling upon the President and administration officials to support the increased importation of oil from Canadian oil sands and to approve the newly routed TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
114. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Texas, relative to House Concur-rent Resolution 80, urging the Congress of the United States to provide federal funding for necessary repairs to the Battleship Texas; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
115. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 207, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to regulate airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and passenger delays resulting from lost, dam-aged, or delayed luggage; ; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
116. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Missouri, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 29, urging the President of the United States and the Con-gress of the United States to repeal the ex-cise tax on medical devices; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.036 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5848 September 8, 2015 
117. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 2, designating the year of 2015 as ‘‘State of California Year of Com-memoration of the Centennial Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923’’; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Education and the Workforce. 
118. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 225, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to work to adopt policies that will help with the stability and the via-bility of the domestic shrimp industry, in-cluding support for the Imported Seafood Safety Standards Act; jointly to the Com-mittees on Natural Resources and Energy and Commerce. 
119. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Oregon, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 12, urging the Congress of the United States of America to support devel-oping a solution to the financial issues that arise from the operation of the marijuana in-dustry; jointly to the Committees on the Ju-diciary and Financial Services. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 3442. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 2: The Congress 
shall have Power . . . To borrow Money on the credit of the United States. 
Article I, section 8, clause 18: The Congress 
shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 3443. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Con-stitution 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 3444. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN: 
H.R. 3445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and 
Clause 18 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 3446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 3447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, Congress 
may enact laws necessary and proper to the execution of its enumerated powers. As this legislation solely amends the amount of time available for execution of previously granted authority, it is merely technical in nature and an appropriate exercise of Con-gress’ authority to amend its previous ac-tions through necessary and proper statutes. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 3448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 3449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, the reported bill is authorized by Congress’s power to: ‘‘To establish an uni-form Rule of Naturalization. . . .’’ 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 3450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 3451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 3452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia: 
H.R. 3453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Con-
gress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States’’) 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress 
shall have the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes.) 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 3454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Cl. 3 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.J. Res. 65. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §8, cl. 11 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E SHOO , and Mrs. 
LAWRENCE . 
H.R. 110: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 169: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 188: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 209: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 217: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. G OOD-
LATTE . 
H.R. 244: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER and Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 249: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 267: Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 292: Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 499: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 511: Mr. M CHENRY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. I SRAEL , and Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS . 
H.R. 556: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 581: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 584: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 592: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
JONES , and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 653: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 662: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 671: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
RYANof Ohio. 
H.R. 682: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 700: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 702: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 716: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 721: Mr. S TEWART , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
HONDA , and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 731: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 763: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 766: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
JOLLY . 
H.R. 822: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 829: Mr. H ECKof Washington and Ms. 
ESHOO . 
H.R. 838: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 842: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mr. I SSA, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 845: Mr. R EICHERT and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 879: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 885: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 902: Mr. S ARBANES and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 920: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 921: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. G RAHAM , 
and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 927: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 932: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 953: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 973: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 980: Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. M ICA, 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
GALLEGO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1000: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 1035: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1054: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1061: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1111: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1117: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1132: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 1170: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1188: Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1196: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1197: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1221: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. O LSON , Ms. 
LOFGREN , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.001 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5849 September 8, 2015 
H.R. 1233: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1258: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Mr. N EAL, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. J OYCE , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H IMES, Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 1292: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. I SRAEL , and 
Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1298: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 1299: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1301: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1303: Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 1304: Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1312: Ms. D ELAURO , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1321: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. D ELBENE, 
and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1356: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1375: Mr. I SRAEL , Miss R ICEof New 
York, and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. H IMES, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and 
Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1424: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1434: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1439: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1441: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1464: Ms. L EE, Ms. H AHN, and Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1496: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. T AKANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ENGEL , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
H.R. 1550: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
NUNES , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1567: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1568: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. H IG-
GINS. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 1603: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. Z ELDIN , 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. B RAT, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M ARINO , and Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 1644: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. 
ROTHFUS . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York. 
H.R. 1706: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. H.R. 1714: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
SHUSTER . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. W ESTMORELAND and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH . 
H.R. 1725: Ms. K USTER and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania and 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1739: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1749: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P OCAN , and 
Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1769: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. J ONES , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah. 
H.R. 1786: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. N EAL, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. G RAHAM , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1818: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1854: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. 
CICILLINE . 
H.R. 1856: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANCE , 
and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1887: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1908: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1934: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1943: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. N ORTON , 
and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1988: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 1989: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1996: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 2009: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2016: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. H ARPER and Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 2027: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2037: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2044: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. G RAHAM , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. 
VISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 2061: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California. 
H.R. 2083: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H URT of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 2102: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 2114: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2147: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2148: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 2150: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2173: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 2191: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2210: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2229: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 2257: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2266: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. A SHFORD and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 2303: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2311: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2327: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2368: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2369: Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 2391: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2407: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 2449: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M ENG, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 2461: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2494: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2513: Mr. H ILLand Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 2524: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2540: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. W ESTMORELAND , and Mrs. 
BLACKBURN . 
H.R. 2595: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2602: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 2609: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2652: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 2658: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2660: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2675: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
CRAMER and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 2730: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 2737: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2749: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2753: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 2759: Ms. E SHOO and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2764: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
DELAURO , and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2766: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2769: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 2808: Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 2815: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2846: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. C RAMER , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. 
KINGof New York. 
H.R. 2849: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2853: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 2855: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2858: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. B UCHANAN , and 
Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 2894: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut and 
Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2900: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2901: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
POSEY , and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 2912: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 2913: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 2923: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2938: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2940: Ms. H AHN, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2948: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2972: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2994: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2998: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 3011: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. K ELLY of Mis-
sissippi. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.042 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5850 September 8, 2015 
H.R. 3013: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 3025: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 3035: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 3037: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 3040: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3048: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3052: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 3067: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S ABLAN , 
and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3071: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 3072: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 3092: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 3093: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 3099: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 3110: Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 3118: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3123: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 3126: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 3134: Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. C OLLINS  
of Georgia. 
H.R. 3137: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3138: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H ARRIS , 
and Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 3139: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ARR, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
ADERHOLT , and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 3150: Mr. B UTTERFIELD and Mr. 
Pierluisi. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. S CHWEIKERT and Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK . 
H.R. 3155: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. 
DELBENE. 
H.R. 3156: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. 
DELBENE. 
H.R. 3158: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. 
DELBENE. 
H.R. 3164: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. E NGEL , and 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 3171: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 3177: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3180: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 3184: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 3193: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3197: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3199: Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. 
BURGESS . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3237: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3243: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 3248: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 3251: Mr. H UELSKAMP and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 3278: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 3285: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 3287: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 3290: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. P AYNE and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3296: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 3308: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 3309: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 3326: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 3337: Ms. F UDGE and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3338: Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. R OSS, Ms. E STY, and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 3340: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 3341: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and 
Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 3365: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H.R. 3366: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 3378: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
GALLEGO , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3393: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 3403: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 3406: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 3411: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 3423: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . 
H.R. 3441: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS . 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS . 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.J. Res. 51: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.J. Res. 52: Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. R EED. 
H.J. Res. 58: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.J. Res. 64: Mr. C OOK, Mr. M CCAUL, Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Ms. F OXX, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, and Mr. N UNES . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. B OSTand Ms. S INEMA . 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Ms. M OORE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
GALLEGO , and Mr. D OGGETT . 
H. Con. Res. 69: Mr. C HABOT . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. 
CUELLAR . 
H. Res. 130: Ms. B ASSand Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 145: Mr. F ARR, Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H. Res. 177: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H. Res. 210: Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 211: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H. Res. 214: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. M OULTON , and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. F ARR, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H. Res. 230: Ms. E STY, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas, Ms. F UDGE , and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H. Res. 286: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. L YNCH and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H. Res. 290: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and 
Ms. E SHOO . 
H. Res. 343: Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
WALZ, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER . 
H. Res. 346: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H. Res. 367: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. D ENT. 
H. Res. 374: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H. Res. 402: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. CHAFFETZ  
The provisions of H.J. Res. 64, Dis-
approving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of House rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on the Judiciary in H.J. Res. 64 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  
The provisions in H.J. Res. 64 that war-
ranted a referral to the Committee on Finan-cial Services do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. ROYCE  
The provisions of H.J. Res. 64 (Dis-
approving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran) that warranted a referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. RYAN 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.J. Res. 64, ‘‘Disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 3412: Mr. V EASEY . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the Clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
19. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the City Commission of the City of Lauderhill, FL, relative to Resolution No. 15R-07-161, condemning the Dominican Re-public’s impending mass deportation of Hai-tian immigrants; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
20. Also, a petition of the Oakland County 
Board of Commissioners, Oakland County, MI, relative to Miscellaneous Resolution No. 15154, objecting to the development of a nu-clear waste repository in close proximity to the Great Lakes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
21. Also, a petition of City Council of Ana-
heim, CA, relative to Resolution No. 2015-222, urging the 114th United States Congress to adopt H.R. 2140 — The Vietnam Human Rights Act of 2015, that would attach human rights conditions to trade and security agreements with Vietnam to promote free-dom, human rights, and the rule of law as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.046 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5851 September 8, 2015 
part of United States-Vietnam relations; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
22. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-
son, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urg-ing Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the indi-vidual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would require that at least one of the two houses of Con-gress approve, by majority vote of all mem-bers elected and serving in that body, a re-prieve or pardon granted by the President of 
the United States to a person earlier having been properly found guilty of committing an offense against the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
23. Also, a petition of the New Orleans City 
Council, Louisiana, relative to Resolution No.: R-15-337, recognizing August 6, 2015, as the 50th Anniversary of the signing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 24. Also, a petition of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-cisco, CA, relative to Resolution No. 270-15, commemorating the 71st Anniversary of the Port Chicago disaster and urging the Presi-dent of the United States and the U.S. Con-gress to exonerate the 50 sailors convicted of 
mutiny in the incident with the designation of Honorable Discharge; jointly to the Com-mittees on Armed Services and the Judici-ary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.002 H08SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6437 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2015 No. 128 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, our King, we praise You 
for providing for our needs. Great is Your faithfulness. 
Abide with our lawmakers, enabling 
them to discover the unshakeable even as they labor during shaken times. In this perishable world, show them what is truly secure and constant. Lord, keep them humble, tolerant, and open- minded, always aware of their limited, fallible knowledge. Remind them that the anvil of Your everlasting truth will wear out the many hammers of skep-ticism, cynicism, and despair. 
Lord, thank You for being the same 
yesterday, today, and forever. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B AR-
RASSO ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
RESOLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today we will begin consideration of the resolution to disapprove the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action nego-tiated by China, France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the United King-dom, the Islamic Republic of Iran, and 
the United States. This resolution seeks to constrain Iran’s nuclear weap-ons program. I will ask all Senators to be present in the Chamber beginning tomorrow afternoon to commence de-bate on this important issue. 
Let me extend my appreciation for 
the time and research many of our col-leagues have given to understanding the details, the strengths, and the weaknesses of this agreement. For many, this has been a very difficult de-cision. For some, it was made even more difficult by assertions from the administration that the only choice was between this agreement and war. Of course, that was never, never true. All such political statements really say is that the administration lacks the will and the leadership to pursue a stronger agreement, additional sanc-tions, and policies intended to end Iran’s enrichment program if it cannot attain congressional agreement on the President’s deal with Iran. 
The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review 
Act passed the Senate by a vote of 98 to 1 earlier this year. It provided each of us with the opportunity to truly rep-resent our constituents on this impor-tant issue. I expect that every Senator who voted for that measure is now en-titled to an up-or-down vote—not a fili-buster or artificial limits on passage but an important vote—on this resolu-tion. 
Along with the Americans we were 
sent here to represent, countries, busi-nesses, and proliferation networks seeking to expand ties with Iran stand to have a simple question answered. All of the people involved in this around the world deserve to have a simple question answered: Does the Senate disapprove of this deal with Iran? Does the Senate disapprove of this deal with Iran? The Senate should not hide be-hind procedural obfuscation to shield the President or our individual views. 
This debate should not be about a 
President who will leave office in 16 months; it should be about where our 
country will be in 16 years. 
The Democratic leader said that his 
party strove to preserve the Corker- Cardin bill and that it was incumbent on Congress to review this agreement with the thoughtful, level-headed proc-ess this agreement deserves. I agree that is exactly what is needed right now. I know that is exactly what near-ly every Senator in this body voted for. And I call on every Senator to resist attempts to obstruct a final vote and deny the American people and Congress the say they deserve on this extremely important matter. 
The facts have already led many of 
our Democratic colleagues—including the top Democrat on the Foreign Rela-tions Committee in the Senate and the Foreign Affairs Committee in the House, as well as the likely next leader of the Democratic Party in the Sen-ate—to come out in opposition to this agreement. Certainly those were not easy decisions for them. But these Democrats are joined in their skep-ticism by Americans of every political persuasion who believe this deal will make our country less safe—less safe. 
Even those lawmakers who have 
come out in favor of the President’s agreement use terms such as ‘‘deeply flawed’’ to describe it. Let’s remember why that is. The American people were led to believe that negotiations with Iran would be about ending its nuclear program, but that is not what the deal before us would do. We know the Presi-dent’s deal with Iran will not end its nuclear program but will instead leave Iran with a threshold nuclear capa-bility recognized as legitimate by the international community—quite the opposite of the original goal. We know the President’s deal with Iran will leave it with thousands of centrifuges, an advanced research and development program, and access to billions of dol-lars, at least some of which the Presi-dent himself has acknowledged will be used to support terrorism. We know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.000 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6438 September 8, 2015 
the President’s deal with Iran will 
allow it to further ballistic missile re-search and strengthen its economy. In short, by almost any measure, we know Iran will emerge stronger from this deal in nearly every aspect of its na-tional power and better positioned to expand its sphere of influence. 
The Iranian nuclear program was 
never intended to produce nuclear en-ergy for peaceful civilian purposes. That was never what they had in mind. Certainly Iran does not need an under-ground enrichment facility for those purposes or long-range ballistic mis-siles. Iran has employed every aspect of national power to defend the regime and the Islamic revolution to include support for terrorism, unconventional warfare, public diplomacy, cyber war-fare, suppression of internal dissent, and, of course, support for proxies and terrorist groups. 
We already know Iran is undertaking 
many activities relevant to the devel-opment of a nuclear explosive device. As the International Atomic Energy Agency revealed in a November 2011 re-port, it has attempted to, No. 1, pro-cure nuclear-related equipment and materials through individuals and enti-ties related to the military; No. 2, de-velop pathways for the production of nuclear material; No. 3, acquire nu-clear weapons development informa-tion and documentation from a clan-destine nuclear supply network; and No. 4, develop an indigenous design of a nuclear weapon, as well as test compo-nents. All of that has been done, ac-cording to the IAEA. 
Moreover, as Secretaries of State 
Henry Kissinger and George Shultz re-cently observed: 
The final stages of the nuclear talks have 
coincided with Iran’s intensified efforts to expand and entrench its power in neigh-boring states. 
They warned: 
Iranian or Iranian client forces are now the 
pre-eminent military or political element in multiple Arab countries. Unless political re-straint is linked to nuclear restraint, an agreement freeing Iran from sanctions risks empowering Iran’s hegemonic efforts. 
I will have more to say later in the 
week concerning my opposition to this agreement, and I expect every Senator will wish to explain his or her respec-tive vote. But I would ask every Sen-ator to keep this in mind as well: The President has said that ‘‘no deal is bet-ter than a bad deal.’’ And while he will be out of office in a few months, the rest of the country and the world will have to deal with the predictable con-sequences of the President’s deal for far longer than the next year and a half. 
If lawmakers determine that this 
deal is indeed a bad one, then they have a duty to vote that way. We can work together to prepare suitable sanc-tions legislation and other measures required to maintain our capabilities to deal with the threat from Iran, but no matter what, we should conduct a respectful and serious debate that is consistent with the serious ramifica-
tions of this agreement. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
WELCOMING EVERYONE BACK 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, first of all, 
I am very happy to welcome everyone back from our long recess. I am sure everyone worked as hard as I did. I had a week off, and I enjoyed it very much. 
I also think it is important to recog-
nize the new class of pages we have. I am always very happy to see these bright young men and women here who will devote the rest of the semester to us. They do so much and get so little recognition for it, so I appreciate all they do for us. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I gave a 
speech this morning at Carnegie En-dowment for International Peace, and it is, I think, directly how I feel about this. I am glad it got some coverage this morning. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
full remarks of the speech I made this morning at 10 o’clock be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATOR HARRY REID: REMARKS ON IRANNU-
CLEAR AGREEMENT , CARNEGIE ENDOWMENT  
FOR INTERNATIONAL PEACE , W ASHINGTON , 
D.C. 
When the Senate is gaveled into session a 
few hours from now, a debate that has ig-nited passions from Tehran to Tel Aviv, from Beijing to Berlin, and from coast to coast across the United States will take center stage in the world’s greatest deliberative body. 
The question at hand is no small matter: Is 
the agreement between Iran and the inter-national community, led by the United States, the best pathway to peace and secu-rity for America, Israel and our partners and interests? 
I believe the answer is yes. And today I am 
gratified to say to my fellow Americans, our negotiating partners, and our allies around the world: this agreement will stand. Amer-ica will uphold its commitment and we will seize this opportunity to stop Iran from get-ting a nuclear weapon. 
While the formal debate begins this after-
noon, the private negotiations that brought us to this point have been going on for years—and the public’s review of the agree-ment has gone on for months. 
During that long period, President Obama 
and Secretary Kerry were clear in their goals: above all, that the United States will not allow Iran to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
The United States also would not sign any 
agreement that takes Iran at its word or re-lies on trust Iran has not earned. 
And at the most difficult crossroads of this 
time-consuming and technical negotiation, President Obama and Secretary Kerry made clear that the hard choices belonged to Iran. 
Now it’s our turn. Now the United States 
has a choice to make: We can enforce an agreement that forces Iran to walk away 
from any nuclear-weapons program, or we can walk away from that agreement and as-sume responsibility for the consequences. 
We can take the strongest step ever toward 
blocking Iran from getting a nuclear bomb, or we can block this agreement and all but ensure Iran will have the fissile material it would need to make a bomb in a matter of months. But we cannot have it both ways. 
Make no mistake: blocking the bomb and 
blocking this agreement are two distinct choices that lead to very different futures. 
I’ve spent a lot of time talking, listening, 
and thinking about the various elements of this agreement, and so have my colleagues. I’ve heard from nuclear scientists, the intel-ligence community and our military leaders. 
I’ve listened to diplomats and experts. I’ve been briefed by Secretary Kerry and 
Undersecretary Sherman, by Secretaries Lew and Moniz—the brilliant nuclear physicist who knows more than almost anyone of the reality of this threat, the science behind the agreement and the agreement itself. 
I’ve heard ardent supporters and pas-
sionate opponents. I’ve talked with Nevadans from all walks of life. I’ve spoken with Israel’s leaders, including Prime Minister Netanyahu and Ambassador Dermer. And I’ve read the text of this agreement care-fully. 
In all my years, I cannot think of another 
debate with so much expertise, passions and good faith on both sides. 
It is clear to me and to the overwhelming 
majority of my caucus that this agreement gives us the best chance to avoid one of the worst threats in today’s world—a nuclear- armed Iran. In fact, I believe this agreement is not just our best chance to avert what we fear most—I fear it is our last best chance to do so. 
Before I explain why, let me first acknowl-
edge some of the people who helped us get to this historic moment. 
I mentioned President Obama and his Cabi-
net Secretaries, who achieved a remarkable diplomatic breakthrough. 
I also want to acknowledge my colleagues, 
led by Senator Menendez, who helped set the stage for those negotiations by rallying the Senate and the world behind sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table. 
I also acknowledge Senators Cardin and 
Corker for their leadership. The legislation they wrote created the process to review the agreement in the Congress. 
I support this agreement—and the United 
States Senate will support President Obama’s veto of any effort to undermine it— for two simple reasons: 
First, this agreement will do a tremendous 
amount of good. 
And second, blocking this agreement would 
lead to a tremendous amount of bad out-comes. 
The bottom line is that enforcing this 
agreement can prevent the things we most dread—but undermining it would permit those very same dreadful consequences. 
And those consequences are, in fact, unac-
ceptable. 
We all recognize the threat Iran poses to 
Israel, with powerful weapons and hateful words, with anti-Semitic smears and pledges of the Jewish state’s destruction. No one can underestimate this menace. And no one should dismiss how much more dangerous Iran would be in this regard if it were armed with a nuclear bomb. 
We also recognize the threat of the Iranian 
Revolutionary Guard Corps—the threat from Iran’s support for Hezbollah and Assad—of Iran’s brazen human rights violations toward its own people and the Americans it holds as political prisoners and those who have dis-appeared. We recognize the danger Iran poses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.004 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6439 September 8, 2015 
to our allies, our interests, and our own 
troops and diplomats serving in the Middle East. 
No one is blind to the threat Iran poses. 
But again, no one should forget that Iran would become a threat of an entirely dif-ferent magnitude if it ever were to have a nuclear weapon. I cannot think of a single challenge in the region that wouldn’t get worse in that nightmare scenario. 
That is why our goal, first and foremost, 
must be to keep Iran from getting its hands on one. 
We have no illusions about the Iranian re-
gime—which is exactly why when we are pre-sented with the best way to stop its nuclear ambitions, we must not let that chance slip through our fingers. We must support and enforce the agreement we have reached. 
The agreement that Congress now assumes 
the responsibility to review does a better job than any other proposal of reducing Iran’s chance to get a bomb. 
When our negotiators came to the table, 
they did so with Andrew Carnegie’s advice in mind. The man who gave his name and for-tune to this institution once said that ‘‘our duty is with what is practicable now—with the next step possible in our day and genera-tion.’’ 
In our day, we know it is not practical to 
bomb away knowledge of how to build a nu-clear weapon or erase that knowledge with sanctions. So our negotiators said, even though we cannot take away the recipe to build a bomb, we can take away both the in-gredients and the use of equipment to cook one. That’s what we’re doing—but only if the United States upholds and enforces this agreement. 
The good news is this agreement does more 
than take away Iran’s ability to build a bomb—it gives us the ability to watch its every move. 
Through strict limits and intrusive inspec-
tions, this agreement takes away Iran’s highly enriched material, and takes away Iran’s ability to make more of it. 
This agreement takes away Iran’s ability 
to build any facilities or fissile material se-cretly and with impunity. 
The agreement Iran signed forbids it from 
pursuing, building, or having a nuclear weap-on ever. There is no expiration date on that commitment—and it is not grounded in any way in trust. 
This isn’t a peace treaty with Iran or a gift 
out of the goodness of our hearts. If we trust-ed Iran, we wouldn’t need the video cameras and inspectors and seals and all manner of technology to make sure Iran complies. 
We’re not asking Iran to promise us any-
thing and taking it at its word—we are de-manding Iran prove to us it is complying with every last letter of this agreement. 
Before it gets sanctions relief, Iran has to 
take specific actions. And if it doesn’t hap-pen, as some fear, sanctions will be imposed on Iran. 
We have done everything possible to make 
sure that if Iran cheats, we’ll know, we’ll know quickly, and we’ll act immediately and with the international community behind us. 
That makes us safer. That makes Israel 
safer. That makes the world safer. That’s what nuclear experts around the world know, what diplomats know, and what the over-whelming majority of my caucus knows. That is why this agreement will stand. 
And to make sure this agreement succeeds, 
Congress must provide the oversight to en-sure monitoring and enforce verification. At the same time, Congress must continue to hold the line against Iranian arms traf-ficking, its funding of terrorism, and de-manding the return of Americans who have been taken as political prisoners and those who disappeared—priorities that were never meant to be part of this negotiation but 
must never be forgotten. 
This agreement offers a number of dif-
ferent ways to cut off Iran’s pathways to a bomb. There is, on the other hand, one sure-fire way to open Iran’s path to destruction— and that is to reject this agreement. 
As I mentioned, the second reason I sup-
port this agreement is because of what hap-pens if we walk away from it. That would leave Iran with no limitations on any nu-clear weapons program and leave the United States with no leverage to do anything about it. 
If we walk away from the agreement we 
helped secure, think about what happens the very next day: Iran gets to keep as many centrifuges as it wants, and build as many more as it would like. Iran gets to build its stockpile of the kind of uranium and pluto-nium you’d need to build a bomb. Iran gets to test more advanced technologies that bring it closer to a bomb—and to do so as quickly as it wants. And when those weapons are ready, Iran gets to point them at Israel— or worse, launch them and make good on its threat to wipe Israel off the map. 
Iran also gets to kick out the inspectors 
and hide all of this from the world. 
Forget worries about 15 years or 20 years 
from now. All of this is what would happen tomorrow. 
If we walk away from this agreement, the 
international sanctions regime also falls apart, meaning the tool Congress imposed to bring Iran to the table disappears from our arsenal. 
Sanctions don’t work if it’s our idea 
alone—the world has to be on the same page. Here’s why: America doesn’t do business with Iran. We haven’t for decades. But other countries made their own economic sac-rifices in the name of pressuring Iran—and now they want to buy Iran’s oil and trade with it. 
So as much as we’d like for the sanctions 
that brought Iran to the table to also bring Iran to its knees, it’s only with international cooperation that sanctions actually do any-thing. Like it or not, we need our partners in this effort. And our partners have told us in no uncertain terms that if the United States walks away, we’ll walk away alone. 
Sanctions have isolated Iran and brought 
us to this moment. But if we squander it and turn our backs on our international part-ners, it is we—the United States—who will be isolated. And worse, we would surrender our leverage to negotiate in the future. 
Put it all together, and what does it mean 
if America blocks this agreement instead of blocking Iran’s pathways to a bomb? It means Iran gets more money and more impu-nity to develop a nuclear weapon. It means we get far less scrutiny and far less security. It means we’ll have put ourselves at a dis-advantage at the very moment we let Iran become more dangerous. 
Of course we still have the military option. 
President Obama has been crystal clear about that. But military strikes cannot solve this problem nearly as effectively as the solution before us today. Clearly, a mili-tary option could also come with significant costs and risks for both Israel and the United States. After all, that’s why diplomacy is our first resort and the military option is our last. 
This is why I believe blocking the agree-
ment would actually achieve the opposite of what opponents intend. Instead of being tougher on Iran, voting against this agree-ment is a vote against a smart international sanctions regime, against inspections, against any international requirement that Iran backs off its nuclear program in any way. Blocking this agreement pushes the Iranians closer to a bomb rather than push-ing it farther away. General Brent Scowcroft’s national-secu-
rity expertise served four Republican presi-dents. As he said, we would be sowing further turmoil in the Middle East rather than seiz-ing a chance and a responsibility to stabilize it. That would be a tragedy of our own mak-ing—one we cannot allow. 
I respect greatly the concerns I’ve heard 
about what this agreement means for Israel. I believe this agreement makes Israel safer, and in no small part that is why I support it. 
Over my decades in the Senate, my support 
for the safety and security of the Israeli peo-ple has been at the core of my views on the Middle East and the national security of the United States. From the Bonds for Israel dinners I attended 50 years ago, to the his-tory of my own wife’s family, my support for the State of Israel and the Jewish people has been personal and unimpeachable. And I have not been afraid to disagree with the President of the United States when it comes to Israel, whether on settlements or when the Administration opposed Congress passing specific sanctions. 
We must build on our firm commitment to 
make sure Israel can defend itself. It will take more money and military support, but we must provide the one true democracy in the region and the one and only Jewish state in the world with the resources it needs. 
The United States must also maintain its 
staunch support of Israel, including by using our veto in the United Nations for resolu-tions that isolate Israel unfairly or make it less secure. 
I have read closely the letter that Sec-
retary Kerry sent to the Senate on Sep-tember 2. That letter lays out a number of important steps that the United States would take to support Israel’s security. 
One of those steps is protecting Israel’s 
Qualitative Military Edge. Another is nego-tiating a new ten-year Memorandum of Un-derstanding on military assistance. And yet another step is continuing to work with Israel on joint efforts to deal with shared threats, as well as confronting both conven-tional and asymmetric threats. 
I’ve also closely reviewed the legislation 
that Senator Cardin is proposing, which will provide additional security assistance and assurances to Israel. 
After looking at the letter and the legisla-
tion, I plan work with the White House and with both Democrats and Republicans to guarantee that the United States is doing ev-erything possible to protect the safety and security of Israel. 
And as the Administration has promised, 
we’ll continue funding the missile-defense system that has already saved so many Israeli civilian lives. We’ll also grow our strategic relationship even stronger, collabo-rating to detect and destroy tunnels used to terrorize Israeli civilians. 
Now, after all the good this agreement will 
do in blocking Iran’s pathways to a bomb— after all the dangers rejecting it will do by letting Iran grow more dangerous while our clout and credibility slip down the drain— after all the assurances that our commit-ment to Israel’s security is stronger than ever—after all that, some still say they want a better deal. 
But there is no such thing. There is no 
more plausible alternative. There is no bet-ter deal. 
Opponents of this agreement, who I re-
spect, talk often about how very real the Ira-nian threat is to Israel and the region—and it absolutely is. But for all the talk about what is real, the idea that we can somehow get a better deal is imaginary. 
Diplomats, scientists and our international 
counterparts tell us it is fantasy. The agree-ment before us is the result of many years of hard work. We live in the real world—and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.001 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6440 September 8, 2015 
the real world, this really is the best option 
to keep Iran from a nuclear bomb. 
Let me say a brief word about the details 
of getting this done. 
The Senate, of course, has an important 
oversight role to play. When we voted nearly unanimously for the Iran Review Act, we voted to give the Senate that role. We voted to consider three possible outcomes: no ac-tion at all, a resolution of approval, or a res-olution of disapproval. It is absurd to argue—as some are doing now—that by vot-ing for a process with three possible and very different outcomes, senators somehow obli-gated themselves to vote to advance a spe-cific outcome. They did no such thing. 
I hope we can avoid the usual and unneces-
sary procedural hurdles. Democrats have al-ready agreed to forgo our opportunity to fili-buster, and I’ve offered Leader McConnell the chance to go straight to a vote on pas-sage of the resolution. But of course, as he has noted many times in the past, every-thing of importance in the Senate requires 60 votes. So passage will require 60 votes. 
There is no precedent in recent history for 
an issue of this magnitude getting consider-ation in the Senate without having to secure 60 votes. This is not about how any one lead-er manages the floor—this is a precedent stretching back decades. 
Finally, of all the many important things 
at stake here, American leadership is one of them. 
After convening our international partners 
in common cause, rallying the world behind tough sanctions, after negotiating and nego-tiating and negotiating some more—the way America acts now will inform the way we are viewed on the world stage and the credibility with which we can negotiate in the future. 
If America reneges on this agreement, we 
will lose more than the compliance of our ad-versary—we will lose the confidence of our allies. 
America led the negotiations to stop any 
Iranian nuclear program, and now it is time for Congress to reaffirm America’s leader-ship by supporting this agreement. We can-not and will not allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon. Neither the United States, nor Israel, our Gulf partners, a volatile Middle East, or anyone in the world can risk that danger. I believe it is our responsibility to avoid that threat. 
Let’s heed Andrew Carnegie’s reminder of 
our duty to respect what is practical and to respond with pragmatic solutions—solutions like the one before us. As he said, ‘‘When a statesman has in his keeping the position and interests of his country, it is not with things as they are to be in the future, but with things as they are in the present.’’ 
The agreement on the table at present is a 
good one. 
It is our best chance to ensure Iran never 
builds the worst weapon on earth. I will do everything in my power to make sure it is enforced and effective—to make sure, in turn, we are safer and more secure—in our day and generation, and in the days and gen-erations to come. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I note that 
there are a lot of things in this speech that I think are important, but the one thing certainly that is so vitally im-portant is that no one has come up with an alternative. Any alternative is imaginary. It is fantasy land. I speak about that in my remarks. 
Today we face one of the most crit-
ical national security issues of our time: whether to support the Iran agreement which would stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. That is what the agreement is—to stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. From the beginning, Senate Demo-
crats have done everything possible to move the debate on the Iran agreement forward in the quickest way possible. We agreed to skip procedural votes and allow the Senate to begin debate on the resolution itself. And today I am pro-posing that the Senate move forward in the most efficient way possible. I am proposing that after the Senate con-cludes 3 days of serious debate on this issue, we then move to a vote on pas-sage of the resolution, of course with a 60-vote threshold. But Republicans are insisting that the Senate go through all procedural steps, including cloture, on their own bill. 
As the Republican leader, Senator 
M
CCONNELL , has stated numerous 
times—not a few times, not many times, but numerous times—requiring 60 votes on matters of enormous impor-tance is simply ‘‘the way the Senate operates.’’ 
Here are a few examples of the state-
ments he has made. I could spend lit-erally all afternoon talking about quotes that are very similar to what I am about to recite. July 30, 2011, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL : 
Now, look, we know that on controversial 
matters in the Senate, it has for quite some time required 60 votes. So I would say again to my friend— 
That is me— 
it is pretty hard to make a credible case that denying a vote on your own proposal is any-thing other than a filibuster. 
Listen, everybody, that is what Sen-
ator M CCONNELL said. Again, just a few 
days later: 
I wish to make clear to the American peo-
ple Senate Republicans are ready to vote on cloture on the Reid proposal in 30 minutes, in an hour, as soon as we can get our col-leagues over to the floor. We are ready to vote. By requiring 60 votes, particularly on a matter of this enormous importance, is not at all unusual. It is the way the Senate oper-ates. 
Again he came back a few months 
later: 
Mr. President, I can only quote my good 
friend the majority leader who repeatedly has said, most recently in 2007, that in the Senate it has always been the case we need 60 votes. This is my good friend the majority leader when he was the leader of this major-ity in March of 2007, and he said it repeat-edly both when he was in the minority as leader of the minority or leader of the major-ity, that it requires 60 votes certainly on measures that are controversial. 
He also said a short time later: 
So who gets to decide who is wasting time 
around here? None of us. None of us have that authority to decide who is wasting time. But the way you make things happen is you get 60 votes at some point, and you move a matter to conclusion, and the best way to do that is to have an open amend-ment process. That is the way this place used to operate. 
So says Senator M CCONNELL . 
A few months later: 
Madam President, reserving the right to 
object, what we are talking about is a per-petual debt ceiling grant, in effect, to the President. Matters of this level of con-troversy always require 60 votes. So I would ask my friend— That is me— 
if he would modify his consent request to set 
the threshold for this vote at 60? 
We could fill in month by month, but 
let’s go to August 6 of this year, just a short time ago: 
Well, as we all know, it takes 60 votes to 
do everything except the budget process. We anticipate having a vote to proceed to the 20- week Pain-Capable bill sometime before the end of the year as well. 
Recently, the Republican leader told 
his own Senators and conservative news outlets that any attempts to defund Planned Parenthood or repeal ObamaCare would need at least 60 votes. So why is the Iran agreement any different? It isn’t. 
Even more perplexing is that some 
would argue that because the Senate 
passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act, all Senators would then be obligated to vote for any cloture vote. Voting for the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act was a vote to review the agreement, not a commitment to vote either for or against it. Voting for the Iran review act did not commit any Senator to take a particular position on the Iran agreement. Voting for the Iran review act was simply a vote to review the Iran agreement, and that is what we have done. It was a vote for three possible outcomes: a resolution of approval, a resolution of dis-approval, or no action at all. It did not and does not obligate Senators to ad-vance any one result. The Iran review act clearly included a 60-vote threshold for either a resolution of approval or disapproval. That is it. Every Senator knew that. For any Senator to suggest otherwise is absurd and factually wrong. Incorrect. 
No Senator who voted for the Iran re-
view act voted to give up the 60-vote threshold. In fact, everyone who voted for it actually voted for the 60-vote threshold. In fact, one Republican Member, the junior Senator from Ar-kansas, said the reason he didn’t vote for it is because it required a 60-vote threshold. 
If, however, we are forced to have a 
vote on cloture, it will be because the Republican leader has rejected Demo-crats’ reasonable and responsible pro-posal. 
There is not on either side of this 
aisle a more respected U.S. Senator than the Senator from Virginia, T
IM 
KAINE. He was coauthor of the Iran nu-
clear agreement, referred to properly as the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. He said this morning: 
I was the co-author of the Iran Nuclear 
Agreement Review Act under which Congress is considering the international agreement to prohibit Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. The bipartisan bill—to give Con-gress a deliberate and constructive review of the final nuclear agreement with Iran—was drafted so that 60 votes would be required in the Senate to pass either a motion of ap-proval or a motion of disapproval. 
Let me read this again. One of the 
people who helped write this bill, a re-spected Member of this body, said: 
I was the co-author of the Iran Nuclear 
Agreement Review Act under which Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.002 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6441 September 8, 2015 
is considering the international agreement 
to prohibit Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. The bipartisan bill—to give Con-gress a deliberate and constructive review of the final nuclear agreement with Iran—was drafted so that 60 votes would be required in the Senate to pass either a motion of ap-proval or a motion of disapproval. 
He continued: 
We should follow the procedure that was 
explicitly discussed and agreed to when we voted on this act, which passed the Senate 98 to 1. 
That is a direct quote from one of the 
authors of this legislation. 
It was never any Senator’s intention 
to forgo the 60-vote threshold. 
Republicans are trying to pull a bait- 
and-switch that is born out of despera-tion. They haven’t had a good August; let’s face it. 
Are Republicans stalling on this 
issue so they don’t have to work with Democrats to keep our government open and funded? There wasn’t a day that went by during the recess that we didn’t have some Republican Senator talk about closing the government. Every time that happened, the Repub-lican leader would say: Well, we are not going to do that. So there is a lot of talk among Republican circles about the Republicans doing everything they can to force votes on things that have nothing to do with funding this govern-ment long term. So are Republicans stalling on this issue so they don’t have to work with Democrats to keep our government open and funded? Do they want to wait until the last minute to jam us with something? 
Are Republicans stalling on this 
issue so they don’t have to work with us on a bipartisan cyber security bill? Every day that goes by without legisla-tion in this body is a day that bad guys are doing bad things to our businesses and to our country—stealing our names and addresses, trade secrets, ev-erything they can, is what they are doing. 
Perhaps Republicans are stalling on 
this critical legislation so they don’t have to address our distressed infra-structure, insolvent highway system, crumbling roads and bridges? 
I hope that instead of forcing the 
Senate to jump through unnecessary procedural hurdles, the Republicans will join with the Senate Democrats and agree to vote on final passage. 
It takes a lot of nerve for the Repub-
lican leader, after the numerous 
speeches he has given about the 60-vote threshold on everything important—is he suggesting this Iran agreement is not important? 
Let’s hope that instead of forcing the 
Senate to jump through unnecessary procedural hurdles—in fact, the Repub-licans are filibustering their own reso-lution. I hope they will join with Sen-ate Democrats and agree to vote on final passage. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H.J. Res. 61, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2640 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a substitute amendment at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2640. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike line three and all that follows and 
insert: 
That Congress does not favor the agree-
ment transmitted by the President to Con-gress on July 19, 2015, under subsection (a) of section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2160e) for purposes of prohibiting the taking of any action involving any meas-ure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to such agreement under subsection (c)(2)(B) of such section. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2641 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2640 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2641 
to amendment No. 2640. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2642 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2641 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2642 
to amendment No. 2641. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2643 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the text proposed to be strick-en. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2643 
to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2640. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on that amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2644 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2643 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2644 
to amendment No. 2643. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘4’’. 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2645 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a motion to 
commit with instructions at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to commit the joint resolution 
to the Foreign Relations Committee with in-structions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 2645. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 5 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on the motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2646 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the instructions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2646 
to the instructions (amendment No. 2645) of the motion to commit H.J. Res. 61. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.007 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6442 September 8, 2015 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2647 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2646 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2647 
to amendment No. 2646. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the pending amend-ments, with the exception of the McConnell substitute amendment, be withdrawn; that no other amendments, points of order, or motions be in order to the joint resolution or the McCon-nell substitute prior to the vote on the McConnell substitute; that at 5:30 p.m. on Thursday, September 10, the Senate proceed to vote on the McConnell sub-stitute amendment; that the amend-ment be subject to a 60-affirmative- vote threshold; further, that if the McConnell amendment is agreed to, H.J. Res. 61, as amended, be read a third time and passed; that the time today until 5 p.m. be equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees; that following leader remarks on Wednesday, September 9, until 6 p.m., the time be equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees; and that following leader re-marks on Thursday, September 10, until 5:30 p.m., the time be equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees. 
Mr. President, that is my unanimous 
consent request. 
Let me say a brief word, and I will 
turn it over to my friend the Repub-lican leader. 
If the Republicans want more debate 
time, they can have it, but I think 3 days would be adequate. There is a definite time for doing this, and I think that is important. 
If anyone thinks this is not a serious 
issue, I don’t know what could be a se-rious issue. Based upon the underlying foundation that has been laid by my friend for these many years, this is going to require a 60-vote threshold. Everyone knows that. This goes back long before this dialogue started today on the floor. It has been going on for some time, as my friend the assistant Democratic leader, when he has an op-portunity to address the Senate, will discuss. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that on Thurs-day, September 10, at 3 p.m., the sub-stitute amendment to H.J. Res. 61 be agreed to, the joint resolution, as amended, be read a third time, and the 
Senate vote on passage of the resolu-tion, as amended. 
Mr. REID. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
also want to propound the following re-quest. I ask unanimous consent that if cloture is invoked on the substitute amendment to H.J. Res. 61, the amend-ment be agreed to, the joint resolution, as amended, be read a third time, and there be 4 hours of debate equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on passage of the resolution, as amend-ed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, for all the reasons I have mentioned previously and the fact that I believe the Republican lead-er is way ahead of himself, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this has 
been one of the most extraordinary measures that has come before the Senate in the time that I have served here. It is rare to have an issue of this historic moment, of this importance, one that literally raises a question about war and peace in the Middle East, and one that has been considered so carefully by both sides of the aisle for such a long period of time. 
When I left for the August recess, 
here in the Senate most of the Mem-bers on my side of the aisle—the Demo-cratic side—were still processing and reviewing the proposed agreement. And, over the course of August, these Members announced their public posi-tions on the matter. 
As of today, there are 41 of the 46 
Democratic Senators who have an-nounced they will support the Iran agreement. There are another four who are opposed to it, and one who is yet to announce her position. We expect that to happen shortly. 
This is a unique matter. I asked my 
staff and others to research one par-ticular aspect of this debate. The as-pect I asked them to research was a letter sent on March 9 of this year by 47 Republican Senators. Forty-seven Republican Senators sent a letter to the leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Ayatollah. 
To take you back in history, at that 
point in time when 47 Republican Sen-ators sent that letter, the United States of America was in negotiation with Iran to see whether or not we could come to any kind of an agree-ment or understanding when it came to limit Iran’s development of a nuclear weapon, something that I am sure all of us—both political parties—want to stop from happening. But in the midst of this delicate negotiation that was going on in Switzerland, 47 Republican Senators, including every Member of the Senate Republican leadership, sent 
a letter to the Ayatollah in Iran. It said: 
It has come to our attention while observ-
ing your nuclear negotiations with our gov-ernment that you may not fully understand our constitutional system. Thus, we are writing to bring to your attention two fea-tures of our Constitution—the power to make binding international agreements and the different character of federal offices— which you should seriously consider as nego-tiations progress. 
Forty-seven Republican Senators 
wrote to the Ayatollah in the midst of these delicate negotiations. It went on to say: 
First, under our Constitution, while the 
president negotiates international agree-ments, Congress plays the significant role of ratifying them. In the case of a treaty, the Senate must ratify it by a two-thirds vote. A so-called congressional executive agreement requires a majority vote in both the House and the Senate (which, because of procedural rules, effectively means a three-fifths vote in the Senate). 
Forty-seven Republican Senators are 
advising the Ayatollah in Iran, in March, that he should know more about our constitutional form of gov-ernment and understand that it will take Senate approval, which they say effectively means a three-fifths vote. They continue: 
Anything not approved by Congress is a 
mere executive agreement. 
Second, [the 47 Republican Senators ad-
vised the Ayatollah] the offices of our Con-stitution have different characteristics. For example, the president may serve only two 4- year terms, whereas senators may serve an unlimited number of 6-year terms. As applied today, for instance, President Obama will leave office in January, 2017, while most of us will remain in office far beyond then—per-haps decades. 
Then the 47 Republicans Senators, in 
their March letter to the Ayatollah of Iran, say: 
What these two constitutional provisions 
mean is that we will consider any agreement regarding your nuclear-weapons program that is not approved by the Congress as noth-ing more than an executive agreement be-tween President Obama and Ayatollah Khamenei. The next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time. 
We hope this letter enriches your knowl-
edge of our constitutional system and pro-motes mutual understanding and clarity as nuclear negotiations progress. 
Forty-seven Republican Senators in 
March of this year, writing to the Aya-tollah and basically telling him: Don’t get your hopes up if you are negoti-ating with the United States, remind-ing him they will have the last word as Members of Congress, and also stipu-lating that a three-fifths vote will be required in the U.S. Senate. 
Then they go on to say: Keep in mind 
we are going to be here a lot longer than any President; we may be the last person or the last group to make a de-cision on the future of these agree-ments. Then they are basically remind-ing them that Presidents come and go, and don’t assume the next President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.015 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6443 September 8, 2015 
will even honor an agreement reached 
by this President. 
Think back 12 years ago. What if 47 
Democratic Senators—in the midst of our negotiation as to whether or not we should invade Iraq—had sent a let-ter to Saddam Hussein saying: Don’t negotiate with President Bush. Don’t pay any attention to his negotiations. We are the Congress. We will have the last word. 
I cannot imagine what the public re-
sponse would have been, but that is ex-actly what happened here—47 Repub-lican Senators intervening in a nego-tiation process with Iran, basically telling those sitting at the table: Don’t worry about reaching an agreement with the United States of America and this President. 
I know what would have happened if 
that would have come up when Dick Cheney was Vice President of the United States. We would have had 47 Democrats up on charges of treason. 
Well, in this circumstance, this was 
not good judgment. I would like to stipulate that the chairman of the For-eign Relations Committee did not sign this letter. I want to make sure that is clear on the floor. But the 47 who did have to answer a question: Why? When we are in delicate negotiations as the United States of America, and we don’t have a final agreement, why would 47 Republican Senators want to intervene in those negotiations? Why would they want to say to the Ayatollah: Don’t waste your time negotiating with this President. 
It is troublesome. Many of them had 
reached a conclusion even before the agreement was written that they were going to oppose it. Witness this letter. 
But others took time to consider it, 
to measure it, and to announce their position when it came to this matter. I respect them for doing that, even if they came to a different conclusion than I did. I know what happened on our Democratic side because I was in contact with virtually with every Member of our Senate Democratic Cau-cus during the month of August, talk-ing to them about this. 
There is real soul-searching here, 
real serious consideration. Some of them, of course, went to the source, met with our intelligence agencies, the State Department, Department of De-fense, and came back to Washington when we were in recess. One Senator I know sat down for 5 hours in closed meetings with our intelligence agen-cies to ask questions that were on his mind about this agreement. 
Others, of course, met with their con-
stituents, talked about it, found dif-ferences of opinion within their own States. They thought about it long and hard, prayed over it. 
I talked to them, always wanting to 
hear where they were, but never push-ing them because I knew this was seri-ous, and they took it seriously. That is where we find ourselves today. 
I salute the Senator from Tennessee. 
As the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, he and I may 
disagree on substance, but I respect him very much. He is a man of honor and a man of integrity, and he brings to this process the kind of attitude to-ward the Senate as an institution which I respect and I will continue to respect. 
I also believe my colleague from 
Maryland, a close personal friend, Sen-ator C
ARDIN —though we see this issue 
differently—has really thought long and hard about it. We have been on the phone together many, many times dur-ing the course of August. I ruined a lot of his vacation trying to figure out where he was and what his process was. He took it very seriously. I respect him, although we came out to different positions on this matter. 
That is the way it should be, and 
what the American people expect of us now is a debate befitting this great in-stitution of the Senate. They expect us to come and conscientiously consider this matter on its merits and express our points of view, and virtually every Senator has already done that publicly, save one. In the course of this debate, the American people can follow it be-cause it is a critical debate. What is at issue here is whether Iran will develop a nuclear weapon. 
We believe that they have the capac-
ity now to create as many as 10 nuclear weapons. We don’t want that to hap-pen. It would be disastrous for the world—certainly disastrous for the Middle East and Israel—and that is why leaders from around the world, 100 different nations, support what Presi-dent Obama is striving to do. 
What the President is trying to do is 
something I believe should be the starting point in every critical foreign- policy decision: Use diplomacy, use ne-gotiation, and try to solve our prob-lems in a thoughtful, diplomatic way. And if that fails, never rule out other possibilities, but start with diplomacy. That is what the President has done. 
During the course of this Presidency, 
he organized nations around the world to join us in this effort. If this were just the United States versus Iran, we wouldn’t be where we are today, but the President engaged countries which historically and recently have not been our allies. 
Before we left for the August recess, 
we sat down with the five Ambassadors from nations that joined us in the ne-gotiation. I looked across the table there to see the Ambassadors from China, from Russia, from the United Kingdom, and representatives of the embassies of Germany and France. I thought to myself, if you are a student of history, this is an amazing coalition: China, Russia, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and the United States all working together. And we brought into the sanctions regime other countries that didn’t have the same direct involvement in negotia-tions but were with us. South Korea is a good example. Japan, another good example, joined us in this effort to put pressure on Iran. President Obama led 
this effort, and he was successful in this effort. The Iranians came to the negotiating table because we put the pressure on them—economic pressure that brought them to that moment. 
Now we have before us this agree-
ment. Some have said: You can never trust Iran no matter what they say. I would just harken back to the days of Ronald Reagan, who said of our en-emies around the world when it came to agreements: ‘‘Trust, but verify.’’ 
Just recently we had an announce-
ment made by Colin Powell, a man I re-spect very much, in support of this agreement. It was an announcement which surprised me in a way. I didn’t know if he was going to take a position on this matter, but this article states: 
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell 
expressed support for the [Obama] nuclear agreement with Iran on Sunday, calling the various planks Iranian leaders accepted ‘‘re-markable’’ and dismissing critics’ concerns over its implementation. 
‘‘It’s a pretty good deal,’’ he said on NBC’s 
‘‘Meet the Press.’’ 
Critics concerned that the deal will expe-
dite Iran’s pursuit of a nuclear weapon, Pow-ell added, are ‘‘forgetting the reality that [Iranian leaders] have been on a super-highway, for the last 10 years, to create a nu-clear weapon or a nuclear weapons program with no speed limit.’’ 
He said the reduction in centrifuges, Iran’s 
uranium stockpile and their agreement to shut down their plutonium reactor were all ‘‘remarkable.’’ 
‘‘These are remarkable changes, and so we 
have stopped this highway race that they were going down—and I think that’s very, very important,’’ Powell said. 
He also pushed back on skeptics who have 
expressed worries about the ability of inde-pendent inspectors to verify that Iran is fol-lowing the agreement. Powell said that, ‘‘with respect to the Iranians—don’t trust, never trust, and always verify.’’ 
‘‘And I think a very vigorous verification 
regime has been put into place,’’ he said. 
‘‘I say, we have a deal, let’s see how they 
implement the deal. If they don’t implement it, bail out. None of our options are gone,’’ Powell added. 
I think he hit the nail on the head. 
General Colin Powell, who served our country in the military and as Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, then as Secretary of State, brings a perspec-tive to this which very few can. He is a man who risked his life on the battle-field, a man who knows the true cost of war, but a man who was empowered by another Republican President to lead us in diplomatic negotiations. This is the kind of clear-eyed approach that we need and want when it comes to an issue of this gravity. 
I will have other things to say on this 
matter, as others will. 
I yield the floor to my colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am 
going to have more lengthy comments to make on this topic a little later, but I did want first of all to thank the Sen-ator from Illinois for his comments, and I certainly want to thank Senator C
ARDIN —and I will do so more fully in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.017 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6444 September 8, 2015 
just a moment. But I would like to re-
mind the body that, yes, we went through several steps along the way to get to where we are today that cer-tainly created consternation on both sides of the aisle. There were lots of things that occurred. A letter was re-ferred to. There was an address to the joint Congress. There have been num-bers of things along the way that have caused people to concern themselves that maybe this debate would end up being something that was partisan and of low level. 
What we have done is that we have 
actually marshaled ourselves through that, and we ended up with the Iran re-view act in short terms. That gives us the opportunity, as the distinguished Senator mentioned, to actually review this. We have done that. We have had 12 hearings on this topic—extensive hearings—in the Foreign Relations Committee, and many other commit-tees have done the same. 
What we ended up putting in place, 
with 98 votes in the Senate—98 to 1; we had one Senator who was absent—is a process where all Senators could re-view this, could have the documents at their disposal to go through it, to go to classified briefings so they could un-derstand—and should understand— fully what this agreement says and then have the right to vote. 
Certainly, some things happened 
along the way that, as I mentioned, created some consternation, but as a body, in Senate fashion, in lieu of let-ting that divide us and letting that cre-ate a scenario where we wouldn’t re-view it and not vote on it, we created a process where we would review it and vote on it. 
It is my hope—and I know I have had 
a very nice conversation with the dis-tinguished Senator from Illinois, and certainly multiple conversations with the distinguished Senator from Mary-land—that over the process of this week that is what continues. I know that is what all of us want to see hap-pen. 
I do think the American people de-
serve to know where Senators and House Members stand on this serious piece of foreign policy that is before us, and I want to thank everyone for their role in getting it here. 
As a matter of fact, I will move on, if 
I could, to what I had planned to say. I first want to thank Senator M
CCON-
NELL and Senator R EIDfor allowing 
this debate to take place this week without having a motion to proceed. I couldn’t thank Senator C
ARDIN more 
for being a colleague who really works to try to figure out a way for the Sen-ate to play its appropriate role in for-eign policy. It has been nothing but outstanding in dealing with him since he assumed this role, and I want to thank him for the way he has con-ducted himself. 
I would also like to remind people 
that without the Iran Nuclear Agree-ment Review Act there would be no role for Congress. One of the things I think has confused a lot of the Amer-
ican people—and there are a lot of peo-ple who would prefer this to have been a treaty—is the fact that under our 
form of government, the President is able to decide whether he is going to submit an agreement as a treaty or as an executive agreement. An executive agreement stays in place during the duration of that President’s tenure and could be altered by the next President. A treaty is binding on future Presi-dents. 
This President, as we know, decided 
to go directly to the U.N. Security Council and, by the way, lift some con-gressionally mandated sanctions that we all helped put in place that actually brought Iran to the table. So with the knowledge of that, Congress stepped in and passed this piece of legislation that now gives us the right to review what the President has negotiated and to prevent him from lifting those congres-sionally mandated sanctions should we decide we disapprove of this deal. 
So this is a place where Congress 
came together and said: No, we want to play a role, even though a role is not contemplated under an executive agreement. I know this has been con-fusing to numbers of people, but this was the only vehicle capable of winning a veto-proof majority to provide Con-gress with this chance—a chance for the American people to have us, on their behalf, review this agreement and then vote. 
As I mentioned, we have had more 
than a dozen hearings. I have spent a great deal of time, as has the ranking member, as have all of our committee members—and the Presiding Officer the same—as have so many people going through this agreement, and I oppose implementation of this deal. I oppose its implementation. 
When the President first stated his 
goal—his goal of ending Iran’s nuclear program—that was something that could have achieved tremendous bipar-tisan support in this body. As a matter of fact, onward there were discussions of dismantling the program. And as we all know today—and I will speak more fully on this tomorrow—rather than ending it, this agreement industrializes it. It allows the industrialization of the program run by the world’s leading state sponsor of terror, and it does so with our approval. 
Now, that is a large step from where 
we began these negotiations. Had the President achieved the goal, I think what we would have in this body is 100 Senators standing up and supporting what he said he wished to do with these negotiations. But we have ended up with something that certainly is a far cry from that. 
Instead of having anytime, anywhere 
inspections, I think everyone under-stands there is a managed inspection process. Certainly, there are some issues relative to the IAEA that have given many Members tremendous con-cern. 
The thing that is one of the most 
troubling aspects of this is that through the course of these negotia-
tions, the leverage—where right now, basically, the world community has had its boot on a rogue nation’s throat—in 9 months the leverage shifts from these nations—our nation being one of those—having them in a position where we might negotiate something that ends their program to now, where instead what happens is the leverage shifts to Iran. The leverage shifts to Iran. 
They are going to receive, as we 
know, billions of dollars. Most people think the number is around $100 bil-lion. By the way, they have a $406 bil-lion gross domestic product. That is the size of their economy. We are going to release to them over the next 9 months about $100 billion—25 percent of their economy in 9 months. 
The President has said, and surely 
others, that some of this is going to be used to sponsor terrorism. We know that. Think about if we had 25 percent of our GDP given to us over the next 9 months. We have an $18 trillion GDP— $4 trillion or $5 trillion given to us over the next 9 months. Certainly, this is going to have an impact on what they are able to do. 
What Iran is going to be able to say 
in 9 months—when we push back on violations in the agreement, when we push back on terrorism and we push back on human rights violations—is that because most of the sanctions will be lifted at that moment, they will have their money, and their economy will be growing, well, look, if you push back, we think this is unfair. They are already making these statements in Iran: We will just resume our nuclear program. 
So instead of our having leverage 
over them, they are going to have le-verage over us. They are going to have leverage over us. This is in the vacuum of having no Middle Eastern policy. I don’t say this to be pejorative. We know we have no policy in the Middle East to push back against Iran. We know that. So this agreement is going to end up being our de facto policy, and everything is going to be measured by this: What will Iran do if we push back? 
What if we push back against the fact 
that they are giving Hamas rockets to fire into Israel? What if we push back against what Hezbollah is doing in Leb-anon and what they are doing in Syria? What if we push back against what the IRGC—the arm of the Supreme Lead-er—is doing right now to protect Assad? They are the shock force to keep Assad in power right now. 
We know that right now in prisons in 
Syria people are being tortured. We saw it firsthand. The ranking member and I went over to see what was hap-pening at the Holocaust Memorial Mu-seum presentation where Caesar, some-one working for the Assad regime, took photographs. We know as we stand here in these comfortable settings in the Chamber of the Senate, people are being tortured, their genitals are being removed, and Iran is supporting that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.019 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6445 September 8, 2015 
We know that—the fact that they are 
going to have some resources to do more of that, to do the same thing with the Houthis in Yemen, to support ter-rorists and people who are trying to disrupt the Government of Bahrain. 
Look, the leverage shifts to them. All 
they can say—what they are going to be able to say—if we push back against those activities is this: Well, look, we think you are being unfair. We are just going to resume our program. 
I don’t understand. This is beyond 
me. I have had no one explain it to me. I know the Senator from Illinois had the diplomats from the other countries come in. I have no idea why in this last meeting in Geneva we agreed to lift the conventional weapons ban after 5 years. What did that have to do with the nuclear file? And then we lifted the ballistic missile technology embargo in 8 years? What was that about? Then, as we know, with some really weird lan-guage that is in the agreement, we im-mediately lifted the ban on ballistic missile testing. 
I think everyone here knows—the 
people sitting in the audience, people watching—that Iran has no practical need whatsoever for this program— none. Let me say that one more time. Here is a country with 19,000 cen-trifuges—10,000 of them operating. They have an underground facility at Fordow. They have a facility at Arak that produces plutonium. They have all kinds of research and development. 
And by the way, this agreement ap-
proves further research and develop-ment of their centrifuges. As a matter of fact, it paves the way for them and also times it out perfectly for them to be in a position to be at zero breakout time, which is exactly what the Presi-dent said they would be at, in 13 years. They can just agree to this agreement, and they can just continue to imple-ment this agreement and be in that po-sition. But they have no practical need—none. 
Some people have said: Well, if they 
really want to pursue the technology of medical isotopes, maybe—maybe—they could use 500 centrifuges. Think about this. We have a country with one nu-clear reactor, a country that could buy the enriched uranium to provide the energy for that cheaply on the market. Instead, they have put their entire so-ciety through grinding sanctions that have harmed families. They have been doing that for years for something they have no practical need for. There is only one need, and we all know that, which is to be in the position to be a nuclear-armed country. 
So let me say one more time that 
every Senator here supported this proc-ess except for one. The American peo-ple deserve to know where their elected officials stand on this consequential agreement. I hope people on both sides will cause this to be a sober debate. I know it will be impassioned, and people will certainly be speaking strongly about the pros and cons of this agree-ment. I do hope at the end of the day—while 
I was gone—I digress—there were dis-cussions about filibustering the right to vote on this Iran agreement. I read about it in some magazines here, that instead of this being about people ex-pressing themselves relative to a pol-icy they felt was important to the country, apparently all of a sudden it became about something else. 
I would just say to my colleagues, I 
don’t know how we can be in a place where we have said to our constituents that we want to review and vote on this agreement and then, over some re-visionist statement or thought, come up with a process that says: No, we are going to filibuster it; we really don’t want people to vote. 
It is my hope that over the course of 
the next several days cooler heads will prevail and that we of course will have, I believe, a very sober debate. I think my friends on the other side of the aisle have seen what the leader just did to try to ensure that we keep the de-bate about approval or disapproval—in this case, disapproval—of this par-ticular deal, and I hope that very soon we will all be able to express ourselves with a vote on the deal itself, whether we believe it is in our Nation’s inter-est. I do not. Some do. Let’s have a de-bate in a sober way. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield for a question? 
Mr. CORKER. Yes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I say to 
the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee how much I appreciate his good work, together with the ranking member Senator C
ARDIN , whom he al-
luded to earlier, but the Senator from Tennessee just said something which I think every American should find trou-bling, and that is perhaps the single- most important national security issue facing the country since the authoriza-tion for use of force in Iraq in 2002; that there might be a partisan filibuster of our ability even to have that up-or- down vote on the resolution of dis-approval. 
I ask the Senator from Tennessee, is 
he aware of reports that the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini has said the Iranian Parliament will have the final word on this deal in Iran? 
I wonder how the Senator would 
characterize a partisan filibuster in the U.S. Senate, preventing such an up-or- down vote in the Senate, while the Ira-nian Parliament would have the ability for that up-or-down vote in that insti-tution. 
Mr. CORKER. I did read those re-
ports. I said to my friend from Illinois earlier: Look, there has been so much that has occurred from the very begin-ning that has caused people on each side to, in some cases, raise the par-tisan flag or think that this is a debate which could devolve into something that was of that orientation. What we have done, as the Senator mentioned, is we have risen above that, and we passed something that allows us to de-
bate and to vote. 
I read with interest what the Su-
preme Leader has said. I think he is hedging his bets, and no doubt he is going to take it to their Parliament and allow them to vote and debate. I hope that here, the citizens of our country will be shown that same re-spect and expect that their Senators and their House Members will have the opportunity to vote on the actual pol-icy which has been negotiated and agreed to by these various countries. I hope that will be the case and, yes, I was very aware of that. 
With that, without objection, I wish 
to yield the floor to my great friend, the ranking member on the Foreign Relations Committee. Together, we have marched through some incredible hearings. I think all of us have studied this dutifully. That could not have oc-curred without his incredible coopera-tion and that of his staff. I thank him for his leadership. I thank him for his willingness to seek a place where the Senate can deal with this in the appro-priate way. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me 
first thank my friend Senator C
ORKER  
for his leadership but, more impor-tantly, thank him on behalf of the Sen-ate for standing up for what I think is the appropriate role of the United States Senate in reviewing a major for-eign policy issue. 
I have had the opportunity to serve 
with four different chairmen in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee since I have been in the Senate: Sen-ator C
ORKER , Senator M ENENDEZ , Sec-
retary Kerry, and Vice President B
IDEN. All four fought for the Senate 
having the appropriate role in estab-lishing foreign policy. 
We are a country that believes our 
system of democracy serves our coun-try the best; that is, with separation of branches of government. We don’t have a parliamentary system. We have an independent Congress—a Congress that is expected to provide independence in its reviews of the laws of our country and the policies of our Chief Executive, and that is exactly what we are doing in this debate. 
I thank Senator C
ORKER for his ex-
traordinary leadership of our com-mittee. I know I speak for both Demo-crats and Republicans in saying that we support the independence of the Senate in reviewing our work. 
Senator D
URBIN —I listened to his 
comments. Senator D URBIN is a dear 
friend of mine. The two of us have fought together on human rights issues around the globe. We have fought for civil liberties in the United States. We have worked together on so many im-portant issues, including in the Middle East. I deeply respect his views. 
There are Members on both sides who 
have reached different conclusions, but we are all committed to making sure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.020 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6446 September 8, 2015 
Iran does not become a nuclear weap-
ons state, and we honestly believe our view is the best way for that to be ac-complished. I don’t challenge any other Member’s decision, and I certainly don’t question their resolve against Iran becoming a nuclear weapons state or their support for our regional allies. I think each has demonstrated that throughout their career. Some of us have come to different conclusions. 
I strongly believe we must prevent 
Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state. It is a game-changer in the re-gion. We have already heard from my colleagues that Iran is one of the prin-cipal purveyors of terrorism in that re-gion. It would accelerate an arms race that already has too many arms in its region. It would make it so much more difficult to confront Iranian policy if they possess a nuclear weapon. Presi-dent Obama is right to say we will not let that happen and that all options are on the table to make sure that doesn’t happen, and Congress is right to say we support all options being on the table to make sure Iran does not become a nuclear weapons state. That is a goal we all have. 
In this independent review, some of 
us believe the best way to accomplish that is to move forward with the agree-ment negotiated by the Obama admin-istration. Others believe that is not the case. 
I wish to second what Senator 
C
ORKER said about the Iran Nuclear 
Agreement Review Act. I was proud to be part of putting that bill together and gaining broad support in the Con-gress and the support of the adminis-tration. I think it put us in a much stronger position in negotiating in Vi-enna. I think the fact that we had set up the right way for a congressional re-view—that it was going to be a trans-parent review, a critical review—put our negotiators in the strongest pos-sible positions in Vienna. I also think it provided the right type of review, so that after the agreement was reached, information would be made available to us, we would have an open process, the American people would learn more about it, and we would be in a better position to make our own judgment. It was clear in the review act that no ac-tion is required. We can’t pass resolu-tions of approval or disapproval. 
I wish to mention one thing, though, 
that I disagree with Senator C
ORKER , 
but maybe in the end we will come to-gether on this issue. I wasn’t part of the original negotiations on the review act. I came into it and was able to re-solve the differences between the White House and the Congress and many Members of Congress, but it was clear, in talking to the architects of this leg-islation, that they always anticipated there would be a 60-vote threshold for the passage of this resolution in the Senate. 
I agree with Senator C
ORKER that we 
shouldn’t have to use filibusters and we shouldn’t have to have procedural votes; that we should have a vote on the merits. I thought Senator R
EID’s 
suggestion was the right way to go. I hope we can find a way that we can avoid the procedural battles and be able to take up this issue and let every Member vote their conscience as to whether to support or disapprove of the resolution. 
I told the people of Maryland after 
the review—let me say how this review went. We had 2
1⁄2weeks of review be-
fore the recess, and Senator C ORKER  
worked our committee unmercifully as far as what we did. We had hearings, we had briefings, we had classified brief-ings, we had Member meetings, and to the credit of the Members of the com-mittee, all 19 showed up. These meet-ings went on for about 4 hours each. So we were back-to-back-to-back in our briefings and in trying to understand what was in the agreement for the 2
1⁄2 
weeks we were here. 
I then went back to Maryland, as I 
am sure my colleagues went back to their States, and had a chance for the first time to meet with Marylanders and to talk with Marylanders, to ex-press and talk with them and get their views, and to evaluate whether I thought it was best to go forward. It was a close call, but I decided I could not support the agreement. 
I just wish to share why I cannot sup-
port the agreement—and Senator C
ORKER mentioned this: It places Iran, 
after a time period, in the position of enrichment of uranium that is dan-gerously close to being able to break out to a nuclear weapon in compliance with the agreement. Being legal, they can get to that point. At that point, they have already gotten sanctions re-lief, so they are in a much better finan-cial position to be able to withstand any pressures that could be put on Iran. We know they want to become a nuclear weapons state. They have tried in the past. We know that. That has pretty well been documented. We have no reason to believe they are going to change their intentions. So if they want to become a nuclear weapons state and they make the calculation that we really don’t have a sanctioned way to stop them—because at that point their economic strength is strong enough and sanctions take too long to really bite and take effect—it would not be an effective deterrent to erase the breakout. 
Here is the key point of concern to 
me—and I acknowledge to all my col-leagues that I don’t know what is going to happen in the future. This is a close call, but I think there is a higher risk of potential military operation if we go forward with this agreement because we don’t have effective sanctions once they have been removed. That concerns me because I don’t think a military op-tion is a good option. I don’t believe it will eliminate the threat, and it has a lot of collateral issues involved with the military operation. 
I acknowledge that if we do not go 
forward with this agreement, there is a risk. There is no question about it. There is high risk in either direction. 
But if we were to reject the agreement, what would happen? Well, no one can tell for sure. No one can tell for sure. There is a risk factor. 
In my conversations with our Euro-
pean allies, they certainly want us to approve this agreement—don’t get me wrong—but they know they have to work with the United States. They know Europe and the United States need to be in this together, and for their companies to be able to get full access to Iran, they have to work with the United States on a sanctions re-gime. They understand that. 
Iran also understands that if we re-
ject this agreement and they were to rush out to try to develop a nuclear weapon, it would ignite unity in the international community of action against Iran. They know that. They have to make that calculation. Iran also wants sanctions relief from the United States. 
I can’t predict the future, but I be-
lieve all parties will want a diplomatic solution. I understand that is not going to be easy, and maybe we will have to mix it up a little bit and put some other issues on the table. We have a lot of issues with Iran. We know about their terrorism, their interference in the region, et cetera. It may give us that opportunity. My point is, no one can predict the future. I came to that conclusion, and I understand others came to different conclusions. 
There are other concerns I have with 
the agreement, including the 24-day delay. That doesn’t concern me on known sites. It concerns me on undeclared sites and whether that will be adequate based on our intelligence information. 
I am concerned about the possible 
military dimension that there isn’t any consequence, as I see it, in the agree-ment if there is not an accurate ac-count of what happened in the past. I wish it was more clear. I don’t think the arms embargo relief should have been in this agreement. 
I must say, I am concerned with the 
language in the agreement that talks about the United States and Iran with mutual respect and normalization. I don’t know how we can have mutual respect for a country that actively fo-ments regional instability and advo-cates Israel’s destruction, kills inno-cents, and shouts ‘‘Death to Ameri-cans,’’ so I came to the conclusion that I couldn’t support the agreement. 
Others came to opposite views. Each 
of us did what we thought was best, and I respect that this is a vote of con-science. I do want to point out one comment that was made a little bit earlier by my colleague about the Iraq war. I voted against the Iraq war. It was not a hard vote for me because, quite frankly, I didn’t see the intel-ligence information that would have 
justified the authorization for use of military force. But it was a controver-sial vote. 
In my congressional district, it was 
an extremely unpopular vote, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.021 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6447 September 8, 2015 
reactions were not too much different 
than the reactions we are getting today in regards to this particular agreement with Iran. I voted against that, along with a lot of my colleagues. 
When that vote was over and it was a 
done deal and we pursued our military operations in Iraq, I joined with all my colleagues and the administration to give us the best possible chance for America to succeed because that is our responsibility. That is our system. Our system is independent review. But when the review is over, it is time for us to come together. 
So, yes, I have been talking to my 
Republican colleagues. I have been talking to my colleagues who are vot-ing for the agreement and those who are voting against it as to how we can work together in a responsible manner when this debate is over so the United States can be in the strongest possible position, working with the administra-tion, to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapon state. Working to-gether, I think we can help the admin-istration have a stronger position, knowing the independence of Congress. 
The administration has said and we 
can underscore that all options are on the table to make sure Iran will not be-come a nuclear weapon power. The ad-ministration has said and we can un-derscore that there is a need for a re-gional security strategy so that our partners know of our commitment to the region against whatever happens with Iran. The administration has sug-gested and we can reinforce that our closest ally in the region, Israel, will have the security it needs as a partner with the United States. The adminis-tration has stated and we can reinforce that we will be active and pursue ter-rorism by Iran if they increase their terrorism or attempt terrorism against the United States. We can speak to that. We can make sure that we are better informed and that we have the information we need to see whether Iran is using their sanctions relief so that we can act timely with the admin-istration to protect U.S. interests. 
I think we can speak with a strong 
voice when this debate is over, and I hope that during the next 2 weeks the debate that takes place on the floor of the Senate and the House of Represent-atives reflects the best tradition of the Congress in our independent review and our firm commitment to work on be-half of America. We must stand firm in our determination to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. We must agree to counter Iranian support for terrorism and confront Iranian viola-tions of ballistic missile protocols and international human rights obliga-tions. Congress and the administration cannot dwell on past disagreements. Together we must find a functional bi-partisan approach to Iran. I stand ready to work with my colleagues and the administration to achieve such a result. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Ten-
nessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I want 
to thank the Senator from Maryland for his comments and his tremendous leadership on this issue. I note that Senator C
OLLINS is here to speak. It is 
my understanding that she will speak for approximately 30 minutes. Senator C
ORNYN may be down shortly there-
after to speak and then Senator K AINE. 
I know some people referred to the 
fact that it is only those who wanted to go to war with Iraq who are supporting this. But not only did the ranking member not support going to war with Iraq, neither did Senator M
ENENDEZ  
from New Jersey, who, again, opposes this agreement. That type of charac-terization certainly is not the way that this is. The two most knowledgeable Democrats in the Senate on this issue by far both oppose it. 
With that, I yield the floor to the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine, who represents a beautiful State. We thank her for her contributions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I want 
to thank the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee for his leadership on this issue, for briefing us, for ar-ranging for briefings, and for his very thorough analysis. I also want to com-mend the Senator from Maryland for his vote of conviction, for doing what he believed was correct, for showing the courage to cast a vote of true con-science. I was honored to be here on the Senate floor to listen to his com-ments today. 
President Obama’s agreement with 
the Iranian Government with respect to its nuclear program is one of the most important foreign policy deci-sions ever to face the Senate. The vote that we shall cast will not be an easy one. The security of our Nation and the stability of the Middle East, as well as America’s leadership in the world, are affected by this agreement, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion, or the JCPOA. 
Thus, I have devoted countless hours 
to studying the agreement and its an-nexes, attending Intelligence Com-mittee sessions and other classified briefings, questioning Secretary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Energy Ernie Moniz, and our intelligence offi-cials, including the top manager for Iran, talking with our negotiators and with ambassadors, and discussing the agreement with experts with divergent views to ensure that my decision is as well informed as possible. 
Let me begin by making clear that I 
supported the administration’s under-taking these negotiations with Iran. Indeed, I was heartened when President Obama initially said in October of 2012 that ‘‘our goal is to get Iran to recog-nize it needs to give up its nuclear pro-gram and abide by the U.N. resolutions that have been in place.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘The deal we’ll accept is, they end their nuclear program. It’s very 
straightforward.’’ 
I was optimistic that the administra-
tion would produce an agreement that would accomplish the goals the Presi-
dent laid out. Along with six of my Re-publican colleagues, I did not sign a letter to the leaders of the Iranian Government sent in the midst of the negotiations because I wanted to give the administration every opportunity to complete an agreement that would have accomplished the goals the Presi-dent himself originally set forth as the purpose of these negotiations. 
I have long believed that a verifiable 
diplomatic agreement with Iran that dismantled its nuclear infrastructure and blocked its pathways to the devel-opment of a nuclear weapon would be a major achievement—an accomplish-ment that would make the world a safer place. Regrettably, that does not describe the agreement that the admin-istration negotiated. The agreement is fundamentally flawed because it leaves Iran as capable of building a nuclear weapon at the expiration of the agree-ment as it is today. Indeed, at that time, Iran will be a more dangerous and stronger nuclear threshold state— exactly the opposite of what these ne-gotiations should have produced. 
Mark Dubowitz, a noted expert on 
sanctions, testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee: ‘‘Even if Iran doesn’t violate the JCPOA . . . it will have patient pathways to nuclear weapons, an ICBM program, access to heavy weaponry, an economy immu-nized against sanctions pressure, and a more powerful regional position . . .’’ 
Under the agreement, not a single 
one of Iran’s 19,000 centrifuges, used to enrich uranium to produce the fissile material for a nuclear bomb, will be de-stroyed. Not a single one. Iran will be able to continue its research and devel-opment on advanced centrifuges able to enrich uranium more rapidly and more effectively. Not only will Iran retain its nuclear capability, but it will also be a far richer nation and one that has more conventional weapons and mili-tary technology than it possesses today. 
The lifting of sanctions will give 
Iran’s leaders access ultimately to more than $100 billion in the form of frozen assets and overseas accounts. Iran also will once again be able to sell its abundant oil in global markets. 
The administration has repeatedly 
argued that Iranian leaders will invest those billions of dollars into their own country to improve the lives of their citizens. The record strongly suggests otherwise. 
Iran today is the world’s foremost ex-
porter of terrorism, pouring billions of dollars into terrorist groups through-out the region and into funding the murderous Assad regime in Syria. If Iran is financing, arming, and equip-ping terrorist groups in Iraq, Lebanon, Gaza, Syria, and Yemen when its own economy is in shambles and its citizens are suffering, why would anyone be-lieve that it would invest the proceeds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.023 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6448 September 8, 2015 
of sanctions relief only in its own econ-
omy? 
I do expect that Iran’s leaders will in-
vest in a few high-profile projects to help their own citizens. But given their history, it is inevitable that billions more will be used to finance terrorism and strengthens Iran’s power and prox-ies throughout the Middle East. 
It is deeply troubling that the admin-
istration secured no concessions at all from Iran, designated by our govern-ment—by the Director of National In-telligence—as the number one state sponsor of terrorism, to cease its sup-port of terrorist groups. Whether it is Hezbollah in Lebanon, the Shiite mili-tias in Iraq or the Houthis in Yemen, Iran’s proxies are terrorizing innocent civilians, forcing families to flee their homes, and causing death and destruc-tion. And incredibly, the JCPOA will end the embargoes on selling Iran intercontinental ballistic missile tech-nology and conventional weapons, which the Russians, among others, are very eager to sell them. 
Think about that for a moment. Why 
would Iran want to buy interconti-nental ballistic missile technology? It already has the deeply troubling capac-ity to launch missile strikes at Israel, which it has pledged to wipe off the face of the Earth. ICBM technology poses a direct threat to our Nation from a nation whose leaders continue to chant ‘‘Death to America.’’ 
We should also remember that the 
Iranian Quds forces were the source of the most lethal improvised explosive devices that were responsible for the deaths of hundreds of our servicemem-bers in Iraq. 
Why would we ever agree to lift the 
embargo on the sales of conventional weapons that could endanger our forces in the region? 
Let me now turn to the issue of the 
enforcement of the agreement by pos-ing the obvious question: Will Iran abide by the agreement and the cor-responding U.N. Security Council reso-lution or will it cheat? Despite being a signatory to the U.N. Charter, Iran has repeatedly violated or ignored the United Nations Security Council reso-lutions aimed at curbing its nuclear program. 
In 2006, the U.N. Security Council 
passed a resolution prohibiting Iran from enriching uranium. What hap-pened? Iran cheated. It has literally thousands of centrifuges spinning to enrich uranium. Multiple U.N. Security Council resolutions require Iran to co-operate fully with the International Atomic Energy Agency, the IAEA, and to come clean on what is known as the possible military dimensions of its nu-clear activities to understand how far Iran has progressed toward developing a nuclear device and to have a verified baseline to evaluate future nuclear-re-lated activities. What happened? 
Iran cheated. Not only did it never 
report to international arms control experts about the experiments at its military installation at Parchin, where Iran is suspected of developing deto-
nators for nuclear devices, but also Iran sanitized buildings at Parchin in a manner that the IAEA has described as likely to have undermined the agency’s ability to conduct effective verifica-tion. Remarkably, according to public reporting, Iran has continued these sanitation activities while Congress was holding hearings on the agreement this summer. 
In 2010, the U.N. Security Council 
adopted another resolution requiring Iran to cease any activities related to ballistic missile activities capable of delivering nuclear weapons. What hap-pened? 
Iran cheated. It launched ballistic 
missiles in July 2012. Given this his-tory, there is no question in my mind that Iran will try to cheat on the new agreement and exploit any loophole in the text or in the implementing Secu-rity Council resolution that was, by the way, as the chairman has pointed out, adopted before Congress even had a chance to vote on the agreement. Given Iran’s history of noncompliance, one would think an ironclad inspection process would be put in place. Sadly, that is far from the reality of this agreement. 
Let me make four points about how 
Iran can stymie inspections. First, throughout the term of the agreement, Iran has the authority to delay inspec-tions of undeclared sites. Those are the sites where inspectors from the IAEA believe that suspicious activities are occurring. Inexplicably the JCPOA es-tablishes up to a 24-day delay between when the agency requests access to a site and when access is granted. The former Deputy Director General for Safeguards at the IAEA notes that 24 days is sufficient time for Iran to sani-tize suspected facilities and points out that past concealment activities car-ried out by Iran in 2003 left no traces to be detected. This is a long way from the anytime, anywhere inspections that should have been part of this agreement given Iran’s sorry history. 
Second, no American or Canadian ex-
perts will be allowed to be part of the IAEA inspection team unless these countries reestablish official diplo-matic relations with Iran. I recognize that the IAEA has many highly quali-fied experts, but the exclusion of some of the most highly skilled and experi-enced experts in the world does not in-spire confidence. 
Third, and most outrageous, accord-
ing to press reports, the Iranians them-selves will be responsible for the photo-graphs and environmental sampling at Parchin, a large military installation where nuclear work is suspected to have been conducted and may still be underway. IAEA weapons inspectors will be denied physical access to Parchin. Note that I said ‘‘according to press reports.’’ That is because the ac-tual agreement between the IAEA and Iran is secret and has been withheld from Congress. 
As a member of the Intelligence 
Committee, I have been briefed on the agreement, but like every other Mem-
ber of Congress, I have been denied ac-cess to the actual document despite how significant this issue is. The ac-tual text matters because of Iran’s re-peated efforts to exploit loopholes and particularly in light of press reports on what is in that document. 
Fourth, Iran is not required to ratify 
the Additional Protocol before sanc-tions relief is granted, if ever. The Ad-ditional Protocol allows the IAEA per-manent inspection access to declared and suspected nuclear sites in a coun-try in order to detect covert nuclear activities. Ratification of the protocol would make the AP permanently and legally binding in Iran. 
Mr. President, 126 countries, includ-
ing our country, have already ratified the Additional Protocol. Yet the agree-ment negotiated by the administration only requires Iran to ‘‘seek ratifica-tion’’ of the Additional Protocol 8 years from now—in the 8th year of the agreement—and to comply with its terms until then. If Iran’s past behav-ior is any guide, Iran may never ratify the Additional Protocol and thus be subject to its permanent, legally bind-ing inspection regime. 
To prevent Iran from cheating, the 
administration has repeatedly pointed to the prospect of an immediate snap-back of sanctions as the teeth of the agreement. I will be surprised if they work as advertised. First, the rhetoric on the snapback of sanctions is incon-sistent. On the one hand, the adminis-tration says the United States can uni-laterally cause the international sanc-tions to be reimposed. At the same time, the administration repeatedly warns us that the sanctions regime is falling apart. Which is it? 
Second, Iran has already made ex-
plicit in the text of the agreement that the imposition of any sanctions will be treated as grounds to restart its nu-clear program. Included in the JCPOA is this clear statement: ‘‘Iran has stat-ed that if sanctions are reinstated in whole or in part, Iran will treat that as grounds to cease performing its com-mitments under this JCPOA in whole or in part.’’ In effect, Iran has given ad-vance notice that if the United States or any of its partners insist on reim-posing sanctions, Iran can simply walk away from the deal. Given their invest-ment in the deal, I am very skeptical that any of the P5+1 countries will be willing to take that action. 
After the United Nations Security 
Council endorsed this agreement on July 20, the Iranians actually released a statement saying they may recon-sider its commitments if new sanctions impair the business and trade resulting from the lifting of nuclear sanctions, ‘‘irrespective of whether such new sanctions are introduced on nuclear-re-lated or other grounds.’’ 
Let’s think about the implications of 
that for a moment. The Iranians are saying a sanction is a sanction is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.024 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6449 September 8, 2015 
sanction, and Iran appears ready to re-
sume its nuclear activities if any sanc-tions are reimposed, even if the pur-pose is nonnuclear, even if the purpose is to halt Iran’s financing of terrorists groups. 
That means, if the United States re-
imposes a sanction in response to the Iranians continuing to finance, train, arm, and equip terrorist groups all over the world, Iran, the foremost exporter of terrorism, according to our own Di-rector of National Intelligence, can just walk away from the agreement we are being asked to approve. 
Third, according to the nonpartisan 
Congressional Research Service, the agreement states that sanctions would not be applied ‘‘with retroactive effect to contracts signed between any party and Iran or Iranian entities prior to the date of application.’’ This grandfathering clause will create an immediate rush of businesses to lock in long-term business contracts with Iran. Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif assured Iranian lawmakers that the swarming of business for reinvesting their money is the biggest barrier to the reimposi-tion of sanctions, and he is right. 
The State Department insists that 
each case will be worked on an indi-vidual basis, but there is no guarantee that any case, much less every case, will be resolved in the short time pe-riod necessary. 
There are alternatives to the deeply 
flawed agreement reached in Vienna. While I recognize that it would be dif-ficult, the fact is, the administration could renegotiate a better deal. As Orde Kittrie, the former lead State De-partment attorney for nuclear issues, recently noted in the Wall Street Jour-nal, the Senate has required changes to more than 200 treaties that were ulti-mately ratified after congressional concerns were addressed. 
This is not unusual. For example, the 
1997 resolution of ratification regarding the multilateral Chemical Weapons Convention included 28 conditions in-serted by the Senate. The treaty was ultimately ratified and currently is in force in 191 participating nations, in-cluding Iran and the United States. Similarly, the Senate insisted that the Threshold Test Ban Treaty with the Soviet Union have additional provi-sions strengthening compliance meas-ures before it was ratified. 
Of course, one of the problems with 
this agreement is that it is not in the form of a treaty, which precludes the Senate from inserting reservations, un-derstandings, or declarations. But that does not mean this agreement cannot be renegotiated, and there are so many precedents for side agreements or re-negotiations of treaties themselves— more than 200 times. 
Another alternative to this agree-
ment would be to further wield our uni-lateral financial and economic power against those conducting business with key Iranian entities. Juan Zarate, the first Assistant Secretary of the Treas-ury for Terrorist Financing and Finan-cial Crimes, testified before the Senate 
Foreign Relations Committee: 
We can’t argue in the same breath that 
‘‘snapback’’ sanctions as constructed offer a real Sword of Damocles to be wielded over the heads of the Iranians for years while ar-guing that there is no way now for the United States to maintain the crippling fi-nancial and economic isolation which helped bring the Iranians to the table. 
Every country and every business 
would have to choose whether to do business with a nuclear Iran or with the United States. I am confident that most countries and most businesses would make the right choice. 
Despite these options, the adminis-
tration negotiated a pact in which its redlines were abandoned, compromised, or diluted, while the Iranians held firm to their core principles. 
The Iranians have secured the fol-
lowing if this agreement moves for-ward: broad sanctions relief, a U.N.- blessed domestic uranium enrichment capability, international acceptance of Iran as a nuclear threshold state, inter-national acceptance of its indigenous ballistic missile program, the lifting of the arms and the ICBM embargoes, re-peal of all previous U.N. Security Council resolutions, and removal of the Iranian nuclear issue from the U.N. Se-curity Council agenda. 
Accordingly, I shall cast my vote for 
the motion of disapproval. I believe Iran will bide its time, perfect its R&D on advanced centrifuges, secure an ICBM capability, and build a nuclear weapon as the JCPOA is phased out. 
It is time for Congress to reject the 
JCPOA and for the administration to negotiate a new agreement, as has been done so many times in the past when the Senate raised serious concerns. The stakes are simply too high and the risks too great for us to do otherwise. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority whip. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business for 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT JOE GLINIEWICZ  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there 
are many brokenhearted people today in the small town of Fox Lake, IL. They are mourning the loss of Lieuten-ant Charles Joseph Gliniewicz. His friends and family called him Joe. At work they called him GI Joe. That all- American nickname was an admiring tribute to Lieutenant Gliniewicz’s nearly 30 years of service to the U.S. Army, the Army Reserves, and to his appearance and demeanor. 
At age 52, Lieutenant Gliniewicz was 
fit and strong. He stood ramrod straight. He wore his hair high and tight like a drill sergeant. But the physical characteristic people mention most about Lieutenant Gliniewicz was his smile. 
Everyone knew GI Joe in Fox Lake, 
IL. He served on the town’s police force for 32 years. He was supposed to retire at the end of last month, but he stayed 
on just 1 more month to ensure the smooth transition of a volunteer youth program to which he devoted thou-sands of hours over nearly 30 years. 
A week ago today, September 1—the 
day that would have been Lieutenant Gliniewicz’s first day of retirement—he was shot and killed in the line of duty. It was 8 o’clock in the morning. Lieu-tenant Gliniewicz was driving down a road lined with open fields and aban-doned-looking businesses when he spot-ted three men who raised suspicion. He radioed the police dispatcher that he was going to pursue them on foot. The dispatcher asked if he needed help. Lieutenant Gliniewicz said: Sure, send them. When backup officers arrived 3 minutes later, they couldn’t find him. A few minutes later, they found Lieu-tenant Gliniewicz 50 yards from his pa-trol car. He had been fatally shot. 
Law enforcement agencies are still 
searching for the three men respon-sible. They have only a very sketchy description: three men, two White, one Black. 
In the days that followed the murder, 
hundreds of law enforcement officers poured into Fox Lake in Lake County. They were joined by members of just about every major law enforcement agency, all people can think of, includ-ing the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the FBI, and even the Secret Service. Dozens of offi-cers suffered heat exhaustion as they searched the woods and swamps. They are still searching today for his killers. We all want to see them brought to jus-tice swiftly. 
Lieutenant Gliniewicz was married 
for 26
1⁄2years to his wife Melodie. They 
call her Mel for short. They were par-ents of four sons ranging in age from early twenties to their teens. One of his sons serves in the U.S. Army. 
The day after Lieutenant 
Gliniewicz’s murder, hundreds of local folks turned out for a rally in Fox Lake to show their love for him and his family. It would just break your heart to see pictures of Melodie Gliniewicz and her four now fatherless sons smil-ing through their anguish, trying to support each other and their grieving neighbors. 
Folks in Fox Lake said that Joe 
Gliniewicz loved his town and he was always the first to volunteer at what-ever local administration needed help with an event. One resident told the local newspaper: 
Everyone in town knew who he was. 
Whether you were on a first-name basis or knew his rank, you knew he was a great guy. 
This resident added: 
Just being involved in his community, he 
took pride in it. This is where he lived, and it’s what he fought to protect. He took great pride in making the town of Fox Lake the place it is. 
Lieutenant Gliniewicz was a volun-
teer with the Special Olympics and a lot of other groups. The organization he was closest to was the Fox Lake Po-lice Department Explorers, a group 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.025 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6450 September 8, 2015 
who mentors young people who want to 
aspire to law enforcement. Joe Gliniewicz established Fox Lake’s Ex-plorer Post No. 300 nearly 30 years ago. Over the years, he has seen hundreds of explorers in training get into law en-forcement and the military. His death is felt so deeply by these young people, by Lieutenant Gliniewicz’s family, friends, and neighbors, and by his brothers and sisters in blue not only in Fox Lake but throughout Illinois and across America. 
Lieutenant Gliniewicz was the first 
on-duty officer fatally shot in Lake County, IL, since 1980 and the third law enforcement fatality in Illinois this year, according to the Law Enforce-ment Officers Memorial Fund. Accord-ing to the Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, firearms-related deaths of law enforcement officers in the United States are down 24 percent this year compared to the same period last year, January 1 to September 8. There were 34 last year and 26 this year. While that downward trend is good news, even one police officer killed in the line of duty is way too many. 
In Fox Lake and in towns across 
America, countless families have re-placed the lightbulbs on their front porches with blue lightbulbs to show their support for their local police. 
Yesterday, on Labor Day, there was a 
memorial service at the high school for Lieutenant Gliniewicz. They packed it with law enforcement officials from all over—not just Lake County, IL, but the Midwest and across the Nation. It was an 18-mile funeral parade or fu-neral caravan that went off to the cem-etery afterward—18 miles long—and it was filled with admirers and friends and people standing on the roads with homemade signs. 
Lieutenant Gliniewicz really made a 
difference in people’s lives. It is sad to lose him. When we reflect on the great contribution he made to his commu-nity, to his county, to my State of Illi-nois, and to our Nation, it is with heartfelt gratitude that we say to his family: We are by your side. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-
publican whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as have 
all of our colleagues, I have been trav-eling around my State over the last few weeks listening to my constituents and trying to understand what their concerns are. I have to tell my col-leagues that Washington is not in high repute. People sense the country is heading in the wrong direction. They have entrusted us with the way to navigate that, and they feel as though we have not succeeded in getting our country back on the right track. I know that when it comes to security issues—and of all the issues the Fed-eral Government deals with, national security is the only one we can’t dele-gate to someone else. It is our No. 1 re-sponsibility as a Federal Government. State government can’t do it. Local government can’t do it. We can’t do it 
for ourselves, so we depend on the Fed-eral Government to make sure our Na-tion is safe and secure, which is a pre-condition for all of the other liberties and privileges we enjoy. 
As part of the roundtables and visits 
I had, I took part in one in Houston, TX, where we addressed a wide variety of issues, but the No. 1 issue that came up was the Iranian nuclear deal. There is no issue more compelling or con-cerning to this particular group of folks or my constituents back home than the President’s deal with Iran be-cause people recognize that Iran is a state sponsor of international ter-rorism, and what this does is it paves the way to them getting bigger and more lethal weapons. 
They are also very concerned, as they 
should be, that this deal requires us to trust an adversary who has done noth-ing to earn it. I know the President has said there is no trust involved, but in the absence of trust, one would at least think there would be adequate verifica-tion mechanisms. 
Of course, I know Secretary Moniz 
has disavowed his earlier comments about anytime, anywhere inspections, and we then learned that there is this convoluted process of 24 days’ notice and some arbitration before the IAEA will gain access to some sites and then, as the Associated Press reported, the sidebar deals, which, if these reports in the public domain are accurate, would basically require Iran to inspect itself. 
The reason people are so anxious and 
concerned about this is there is no doubt about that. Their concerns are well taken, but I think of all the things that concern my constituents and the people I talked to during August about this deal, it is Iran’s long history of supporting terrorism, including at-tacks on the United States and our al-lies. 
It is no exaggeration to say the Ira-
nian regime has American blood on its hands, and it has had for many years. Former Secretary of State and Na-tional Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice put it well when she said: Iran has been the country that has, in many ways, been kind of a central banker for terrorism. It is Iran that has been con-ducting these proxy wars against Israel, the United States, and our allies since the regime came into power as a result of the revolution in 1979. 
Even President Obama and his Na-
tional Security Advisor Susan Rice ad-mitted earlier this summer that the Iranian Government could use the $100 billion in cash they are going to get as a result of sanctions relief to help fund terrorist attacks, to help fund these terrorist groups. 
Here is what the President said. I 
guess he has resigned himself to it. He said: ‘‘The truth is that Iran has al-ways found a way to fund these ef-forts.’’ Well, that does not make me feel any more at ease, nor should it make any of our allies feel any more at ease about Iran and its intentions and what it will do with these funds that 
will be relieved from sanctions. That does not even address the million bar-rels of oil a day which now Iran will be able to ply to markets all around the world and the revenue they will be able to generate from that. 
The President may believe that there 
is nothing we can do about Iran fun-neling money to terrorist groups that seek to attack us and our allies, but we cannot afford to just shrug our shoul-ders with indifference. That seems to be what the President’s reaction is: Well, Iran has always done it and they will do it with this money. But he acts as if there is nothing he nor we can or should do about it. Iran’s history of bankrolling terrorist activity deserves our attention and should be the focus of this deal, and it should be a major consideration as we proceed to assess the merits of this nuclear arrangement and vote on a resolution of disapproval. 
I wish to pause a minute just to tell 
the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, not just because he is sit-ting next to me but because it is true, that I admire and appreciate his lead-ership through this very convoluted maze we have had to proceed down until we have gotten to this point. But how ironic would it be that after the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, working with the ranking member and getting a vote of Congress and a signature of the President allow-ing a resolution of disapproval—how ironic would it be if a partisan fili-buster blocks an up-or-down vote on that resolution of disapproval. It is just shocking to me, but that is what the minority leader, Senator R
EID, and 
indeed the President of the United States himself apparently are talking about—blocking a vote on the resolu-tion of disapproval that they cooper-ated in crafting and that bears the President’s signature, that process by which that is to play out. 
But, again, that is another reason 
people get so disgusted with what they see in Washington—because they feel there is no accountability. People get away with whatever they can. There is no right and wrong anymore. There are no rules that apply to everyone evenly and evenhandedly. There is no—in the words above the Supreme Court of the United States—there is no ‘‘equal jus-tice under the law.’’ It does not seem to apply. 
Well, just digressing a moment and 
talking again about this threatened partisan filibuster of the resolution of disapproval—and again I hope and pray our colleagues across the aisle, the 41 who have said they will vote against the resolution of disapproval, I hope they will reconsider if they are even thinking about a partisan filibuster of the resolution itself and not even get-ting to the resolution of disapproval. 
They have every right to vote accord-
ing to their conscience and as they be-lieve they should vote on the resolu-tion of disapproval, but the idea of blocking a vote by a filibuster—it just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.028 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6451 September 8, 2015 
strikes me as reckless and irrespon-
sible, especially in light of this: I men-tioned this to the chairman of the For-eign Relations Committee a few mo-ments ago, but I will come back to it because I find it so shocking. 
A few days ago in the Wall Street 
Journal, there was a discussion or ac-tually a report from the Supreme Lead-er, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the Su-preme Leader of Iran, who declared Thursday—it said in this story of Sep-tember 3—that the Iranian Parliament would have the final word on the deal. It says the Parliament speaker deliv-ered a similar message to reporters in New York later in the day, saying he supports the deal which would lift crip-pling economic sanctions on Iran in re-turn for curbs on the country’s nuclear activities. The speaker of the Iranian Parliament said the agreement needs to be discussed and it needs to be ap-proved by the Iranian Parliament. There will be heated discussions and debates. 
I would hate the fact, if it was to 
occur—and I hope it does not—that the Iranian Parliament would have a more open, accountable, and democratic process than the Senate. I hope we do not head down the road of a partisan filibuster, no matter how this resolu-tion turns out. It would be a mistake, it would be a self-inflicted wound to the Senate and to the respect which we would like to garner from the Amer-ican people. 
They would see this as business as 
usual, and I think it would add to their disgust. I hope Members, as they re-turn to Washington today and as we begin to debate this deal, I hope they will recall—and let me, just in a brief few minutes, refresh some of their col-lective live memories about Iran’s long history of terrorism against the United States and our allies. I actually had a chance last week when I was in Dallas, TX, to discuss this matter with a gen-tleman named Rick Kupke in Dallas, TX. He actually lives in Arlington, TX, right between Fort Worth and Dallas. 
But Rick was a former U.S. Foreign 
Service officer. He has learned first-hand how the Iranian regime targets and attacks Americans because he was the last American captured in 1979 at the U.S. Embassy in Iran during the Iranian hostage crisis. He was one of dozens of Americans held in captivity for 444 days under the constant threat of death. But many will also remember two other terrorist bombings that oc-curred in 1983 that targeted American citizens. One blew up the U.S. Embassy in Beirut and the other blew up the U.S. Marine barracks at Beirut Inter-national Airport. Combined, these bombings killed more than 250 Amer-ican citizens, including 8 Texans, 7 of them marines and another a soldier. 
It is well known and documented 
that these attacks were perpetrated by the terrorist group Hezbollah under the direction of the Iranian regime. That is how the Iranian regime does its dirty work. It does it through proxies, not directly but through proxies like 
Hezbollah. 
Iran, while it has denied any involve-
ment in these attacks, does not shy away from celebrating these bombings that have killed hundreds of Ameri-cans. In 2004, a little more than 20 years after the bombings, the Iranian Government erected a monument—a monument in its capital to commemo-rate the ‘‘martyrs’’ who carried out those attacks. 
Later in 1985, Hezbollah, together 
with another terrorist group, hijacked a Trans World Airlines flight, holding hostages and beating its passengers for 2 weeks. More than half of those pas-sengers were American citizens, includ-ing a group of six U.S. Navy sailors, one of whom was murdered. 
In 1996, a bombing on a housing com-
plex in Saudi Arabia was linked to Ira-nian officials that resulted in the death of 19 U.S. servicemembers, wounding more than 500. 
More recently, the Defense Depart-
ment has acknowledged that during Operation Iraqi Freedom, at least 500 Americans died at the hands of Shiite militias who were equipped by Iran with different types of lethal weapons. It became well known that the explo-sively formed penetrators, which melt-ed the armor used to shield Americans and our allies in Iraq, were produced by the Iranian Government, and the Quds Force trained people to use those against Americans and our allies. 
Then, right here in our Nation’s Cap-
ital just 4 years ago, Iranian officials were implicated in a plot to assassinate the Saudi Ambassador to the United States. That plot reportedly included plans to bomb the Israeli Embassy in Washington as well. That is a stag-gering list of aggressions against the United States and our allies, both at home and abroad since the Iranian re-gime came to power in 1979. 
I don’t have the time right now to 
discuss the Iranian fingerprints on the havoc being wreaked in the Middle East, from Yemen to Syria, to Iraq. In all the major hotspots of the world, Iranian fingerprints are all over these activities. Of course, Iran has long sponsored militant groups on Israel’s borders, which have attacked Israel with rockets, hundreds of rockets and terrorism. 
In southern Lebanon, Iran funds and 
supplies Hezbollah, which threatens Israel’s northern border, against which Israel went to war in 2006. In Gaza, on Israel’s southwestern border, Iran has long sponsored Hamas. Particularly as Iranian-Hamas relations have frayed in recent years, Iran has sponsored the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 
Suffice it to say that over the years, 
Iran has sown chaos across the Middle East, attacking the United States and our allies, while publicly celebrating the death of Americans in Tehran. So with this regime’s long history of ag-gression against the United States and its allies, I find it troubling that the President characterizes any thoughtful questioning of the merits of this deal 
as akin to warmongering. That is what the President has said: If you don’t like this deal, the alternative is war. To which I would say: Wrong, Mr. Presi-dent. The alternative to this deal is a better deal. 
According to the President’s twisted 
logic, those who are skeptical of this same Iran, which I have described has time and time again demonstrated its aggression against the United States and which has articulated its principle opposition to this deal—the President would characterize the critics of this deal as the real belligerents encour-aging war. In fact, he went so far as to say that Republican opponents of this deal—he has not said this yet about the opponents of this deal who are mem-bers of his political party, but he has about Republicans, that those who share the concerns are ‘‘making com-mon cause’’ with Iranian hardliners who chant ‘‘Death to America.’’ 
Well, this debate and this vote are 
simply too important for it to degen-erate into partisanship. I know this is something the Senator from Tennessee feels very strongly about. He has tried to elevate the debate and to work in a bipartisan way to bring us to this vote on a resolution this week. 
I hope we don’t follow the President 
down this low road of partisan rhet-oric, which actually only serves to dis-tract us from examining the deal and identifying the true character of the regime that we are somehow making common cause with and hoping against hope that they won’t continue at some point to break out and pursue those nu-clear weapons. 
This is not like the Soviet Union. 
This is not Ronald Reagan negotiating with the Soviet Union. This is a theo-cratic regime that is led by an Islamic extremist who has American and other allied blood on his hands and makes no bones about it. 
So this debate needs to help the 
American people find the answer to this crucial question. I think it boils down to this: Will this deal make America and our allies safer? I think that ultimately is the question. 
As we prepare to vote on this resolu-
tion of disapproval, I hope that we will have a civil, enthusiastic, and spirited debate, as the speaker of the Iranian Parliament said they will have in their body, and we will be able to openly and honestly discuss different points of view. That is the Senate is supposed to be—a place where that can happen and where it should happen. The American people deserve that kind of debate, not a partisan filibuster that cuts off the debate prematurely and tries to hide accountability for the ultimate out-come on the resolution of disapproval. 
I look forward to that spirited de-
bate, and I hope any thought that any of our colleagues might have had about engaging in a partisan filibuster of this important resolution will fade quickly from their minds. 
I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.029 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6452 September 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
REMEMBERING ALISON PARKER AND ADAM WARD  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise 
today for a sad occasion, and that is to remember the lives of two Virginians, Alison Parker and Adam Ward, the journalists who were gunned down on live TV in Roanoke, VA, just a couple of weeks ago, as they covered a local news story. 
There was a third victim in that 
shooting, Vicki Gardner, the president of the local chamber of commerce at Smith Mountain Lake, who is recov-ering. She was released from the hos-pital today, but she still has a long re-covery ahead of her. 
We saw during the summer a set of 
these tragedies in Roanoke, VA, my wife’s hometown, in Charleston, SC, in Lafayette, LA, and in Chattanooga, TN. My friend, the Senator from Ten-nessee, is on the floor. 
In Virginia, the shooting in Roanoke, 
which was carried out on live tele-vision, was horrific in itself, but it also was horrific because it brought up a lot of bad memories. The Roanoke commu-nity is within about 25 miles from Vir-ginia Tech, where the horrible shooting happened in 2007 that killed 32 people and wounded dozens of others. 
I spoke on the Senate floor in April 
on the eighth anniversary of that shooting. I talked, as is my habit to do in April, about the lives of those who lost their lives but also about some who survived and what they are doing today. I am saddened to be here be-cause it is just another example of a horrible shooting in my Common-wealth. It is also sad because we really haven’t made any progress in this body since I came to it in terms of trying to address this issue. 
There is a lot of work to be done— 
legislative and otherwise—to try to ad-dress the growing litany of these hor-rific crimes, which deeply scar our own psyche and, frankly, I think, portray a picture of who we are as a nation to the rest of the world that is not accu-rate about who we are. I am going to introduce a bill that I think can help us address it. It is not the end-all solu-tion because there isn’t a single solu-tion. But I am going to talk a little bit about Alison and Adam, and then I wish to talk about the bill. 
Alison and Adam worked on a show 
on WDBJ, the ‘‘Mornin’’ program. They were sort of hometown heroes. Not only were they popular because they worked for the station, they were both from the hometown. Roanoke is where my wife grew up. I am very, very famil-iar with the wonderful Roanoke com-munity. They both interned at WDBJ when they were in college. They were passionate members of this journalistic profession, and they were just starting on these great careers. 
Alison Parker grew up in 
Martinsville, which is just up the road from Roanoke, about a 45-minute drive. She played the trumpet and French horn in high school. She graduated from James Madison University. When 
she was at James Madison, she in-terned at WDBJ. They loved her work, and they gave her a recommendation. 
Her first job was not there at WDBJ, 
but it was in North Carolina. But as soon as she could move from North Carolina back to Virginia, that is what she did. She came back to her home-town station. She covered all kinds of news and human interest stories, in-cluding a recent piece on child abuse that was a very powerful one. Her col-leagues describe her as ‘‘proactive’’ and ‘‘wise beyond her years.’’ She met her boyfriend, whom she was planning to marry, while working at WDBJ. 
Adam Ward went to Salem High 
School. Salem is the city that adjoins Roanoke. He graduated in 2007 and played football on two State champion-ship football teams. Teachers there de-scribe him as ‘‘vivacious,’’ ‘‘kind,’’ ‘‘giving,’’ ‘‘respectful,’’ and ‘‘genuine.’’ He had passion for Virginia Tech, the local college. He started to go to Tech football games with his dad when he was 3 years old. He interned also at WDBJ when he was a communications student at Tech. 
His colleagues remembered him as 
somebody willing to get the image that reporters need. We all know in this line of work the guys behind the camera are so important to it. They make the on- camera talent shine, and that was the way Adam was. He loved to play tricks on the on-camera talent, kind of tweak them and make them not get above their station in life, but he was a won-derful guy. 
He found love at the station too. He 
had become engaged to a producer at the station who sadly was watching in the station the day that the footage of him being killed was shown, which shocked the world. 
I really feel for these families. I 
know we all do. You couldn’t have watched that without having a feeling, even if you were a thousand miles away from the Ward and Parker families. 
I remember having said to the Vir-
ginia Tech families this: It would be presumptuous of me, and so I am not going to say I know what you have lost, because I don’t know what you have lost. But when you hear about these people, I do feel like I have a sense of what the world lost, I have a sense of what the community lost. I don’t know what the parents and the siblings lost, but you kind of have a sense when you hear about these people from those at WDBJ, the Roanoke community, the community of journal-ists. You kind of have a sense of what we lost as a society when they were killed. 
I should just say a word. Since 2002, 
Vicki Gardner has worked at the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce. It is a major tourism area in Virginia, a State park. It is a fea-ture that was created by a hydro-electric dam, and they were cele-brating its 35th anniversary. She was deeply involved in the planning. Again, she was badly wounded. She 
has described maneuvering around to try to duck bullets as she was shot in her back. She has had a couple of oper-ations, but, thank God, she has been re-leased to go home today, and we are thinking about her too. 
I said the shooting opened a lot of old 
wounds in Virginia, and especially in this community, sadly, because Vir-ginia Tech is so close. When I spoke on the floor in April, I talked about two of these young people, Colin Goddard and Lily Habtu, who survived that shoot-ing. Just think of the effect upon their lives 8 years later, as they deal with in-juries that continue to be a challenge, and they deal with the horrible memo-ries of that day. That was probably one of the most scarring events in modern history in Virginia. Everybody knows where they were, and everybody knew somebody connected to it. 
We have revisited the cycle of shock, 
then anger, then calls for change, then wondering what the right changes were, and sympathy for the families. 
But we haven’t really changed, and I would just humbly submit that I think there are things that we can do—rea-sonable things we can do that will bring some accountability. It will not 
eliminate these instances. It is beyond our power to eliminate evil. We cannot do that. We have to be humble about it. But in every area we work on, we can work in this body with the thought that we can do things that will make situations better and that will promote incremental improvements. 
RESPONSIBLE TRANSFER OF FIREARMS ACT  
Mr. President, I wish to speak about 
a bill that I am going to introduce called the Responsible Transfer of Fire-arms Act. As we all know, current Fed-eral law prohibits nine categories of people from getting weapons. Probably the most known are convicted felons, people who have been adjudicated men-tally ill and dangerous, and people who are under domestic violence prevention orders. 
This is a bipartisan Federal law. Cat-
egories have been added over time in a bipartisan way by the House and the Senate. As far as I know, there is bi-partisan support for this provision be-cause you never see bills introduced to eliminate these categories of what I will call prohibited persons. These are people whom many in Congress—bi-camerally and bipartisanly—have de-termined should not possess weapons. 
Now, the problem is a whole lot of 
those people do get weapons because folks either give or sell them to them. 
What is the current law with respect 
to giving or selling a weapon to some-body who is prohibited? 
The current law basically is kind of a 
no-responsibility law. You are crimi-nally liable if you give or sell a weapon to somebody who is in those nine pro-hibited categories, but you are only criminally liable if you knew or should have known that they were prohibited. I practiced law for a while. That makes prosecution virtually impossible, be-cause somebody will give somebody a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.034 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6453 September 8, 2015 
weapon or sell it to them and then they 
will say: Well, I didn’t know he was a felon. I didn’t know he had been adju-dicated mentally ill or dangerous. 
There is no obligation on behalf of 
the seller. Now, we have put obliga-tions on sellers all the time—affirma-tive duties and obligations—but in this area, we don’t put an obligation on the part of a seller other than a registered and licensed gun dealer, who must go through a background check. We don’t put any kind of obligation on anybody to do even minimal, reasonable steps to make sure that somebody is lawfully able to possess a weapon. 
So what the Responsible Transfer of 
Firearms Act would do is it would re-vise the current formula. The current formula does have a liability for sellers but only under an elevated standard that really is almost impossible to meet. We would amend the Federal code, not to change the nine cat-egories—those are the same—not to change the punishments for selling or transferring to them—that would stay the same—but we adjust the responsi-bility. It is a responsibility and ac-countability act. 
So if you are putting a weapon in 
somebody’s hands, either selling it or transferring it, you have to take ‘‘rea-sonable steps’’ to determine that the recipient is not prohibited from having that weapon. ‘‘Reasonable steps’’ is in-cluded in the statute—just those words. We don’t say: You can only do that by showing one of the following five things. You can take any reason-able steps you think are necessary, but you have to take reasonable steps. 
That is what this change in law 
would do. If you cannot show satisfac-tion to a court that you have taken reasonable steps, then you will be lia-ble for putting the weapon into some-body’s hands whom the Federal Gov-ernment has said is not able to possess such a weapon. 
This shift from the current frame-
work would promote accountability and responsibility. Why should we let a seller just casually put a firearm into the hands of somebody who is prohib-ited by law from having it? Why should we do that? Why shouldn’t there be some minimal accountability for a sell-er who is putting a weapon in the hands of somebody who has been deter-mined not able to possess a weapon? 
We put burdens on sellers. This is not 
a precise analogy, but if you go in and try to buy beer in a place, you are going to get carded. Why is that? Well, because we have put an affirmative burden on the sale of alcohol so that the seller has to make some effort to determine that the recipient is not pro-hibited from having it. We do the same thing with tobacco. There are other laws that put burdens on sellers as well, and this a minimal one—take rea-sonable steps. 
To me the lives of some of these peo-
ple who have been gunned down in those horrible crimes are just worth it. Let’s just take reasonable steps. The reasonable steps won’t solve all the 
cases, but it will help keep weapons out of the hands of those whom we have de-termined, in this body, shouldn’t have them. 
I close and just say this: Of course, 
we have to be humble enough to ac-knowledge there is no one solution to the epidemic of gun violence nor is there a complete solution to it. There is nothing that we can do that will eliminate the possibility that we could wake up tomorrow and see the same thing on TV. Human beings will do evil things. That is not going to change. That is not going to be eliminated by what we do here. 
But what we do as legislators in leg-
islation is basically believe—and if we didn’t believe this, we wouldn’t be in this body—that as we legislate, we can improve situations. We cannot elimi-nate the possibility, but we can im-prove it. We can make it less likely that one of these prohibited individuals will get a weapon in their hands and use it against others. 
So I just conclude where I started. Alison and Adam were wonderful peo-
ple. This is a community that is still really grieving. What compounds grief in my experience—not as a legislator but as a person—what compounds and deepens grief is a sense of hopelessness. Wow, this horrible thing happened. We have had this horrible loss, and there is nothing we can do about it. That tends to turn grief into despair and depres-sion. 
Sadly, I was Governor when the 
shooting at Virginia Tech took place, and I had to deal with 32 families and more who had been injured, and the broader community was hurting so much. When you have gone through an experience—and we see this in our own personal life because everybody has had grief in their own personal lives. If you go through an experience where there is a lot of grief and loss and you feel that it is pointless or there is nothing you can do to improve it or transform it into something better or improve it so that maybe somebody else won’t have to suffer through the same experience, that tends to take grief and turn it into something even more damaging—despair and hopeless-ness. I think one of the things we are called to do as legislators in situations where there is grief is to show there is some hope we can improve, because I believe we can improve. I have seen too many instances legislatively and in the lives of people that we can improve and we can get better, and as a nation we need to get better on this issue. This bill won’t do it all, but I think it will be a sensible way to get better and to show those who are suffering and maybe even despairing under this epi-demic of gun violence that we are not just going to accept it and sink deeper into despair and grief, but grab on to it and try to make improvements. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from South Da-
kota. 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I rise 
today to discuss the Iran nuclear deal. We are here today because several months ago Senators C
ORKER and 
CARDIN , the respective chair and rank-
ing member of the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee worked out an agreement to allow us to have this de-bate voted on here in the Senate, and there were 98 votes in support of allow-ing a vote on the Iranian nuclear agreement. In fact, it went to the President’s desk, and the President then signed it into law. That set in place a process, which is where we end up today. 
I certainly hope our colleagues who 
voted for this allow us to have that de-bate. It is an important debate. It has serious consequences for America’s na-tional security interests, and it cer-tainly is something that shouldn’t be minimized in any way. The American people need to have their voices heard in this discussion, which will take place if we are allowed to get on that resolution here in the U.S. Senate. 
So I would hope that our colleagues 
on the other side—there was some dis-cussion I read reporting of statements made by the President or by members of his administration, statements made by some of our colleagues here that perhaps they might block us from even proceeding to this resolution. I think that would be a big mistake. It would be a tragic outcome with respect to something that is this important to America’s national security. It cer-tainly is something which the Amer-ican people deserve and have a right to have their voices heard. 
So I am looking forward to this dis-
cussion. I hope throughout the course of the next few days we will have a chance to air this out because it is clear that one of the greatest threats to our national security is the possi-bility of a nuclear-armed Iran and a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. 
Unfortunately, President Obama’s 
Iran nuclear deal, which is really a nu-clear concessions deal, increases rather than decreases that possibility. 
There are numerous reasons to be 
concerned about a nuclear-armed Iran. Iran is the world’s leading state spon-sor of terrorism. That is well docu-mented. It has been talked about a lot. Iran actively supports Hezbollah and Hamas, both of which pose an imme-diate threat to our ally Israel. 
Iran incites regional instability, sup-
porting the Houthis in Yemen and the Assad regime in Syria. Iran continues to commit human rights abuses against its own people, and Iran has a history of taking extreme measures to hide its nuclear enrichment program from the international community. 
In response to Iran’s nuclear activi-
ties 9 years ago, in 2006, the U.N. and the United States began to impose sanctions on Iran’s nuclear enrichment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.035 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6454 September 8, 2015 
program. These sanctions were dra-
matically increased in 2010. The sanc-tions targeted Iranian businesses and financial institutions as well as mem-bers of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or IRGC, who were responsible for killing hundreds of Americans and froze Iranian assets that would have been used by Iran to support terrorism throughout the region. This had a tre-mendous impact, effectively bringing Iran to its knees. 
Thanks to the pressures the sanc-
tions exerted on Iran’s economy, Iran’s leadership was under immense pressure to negotiate with the United States and its allies. In 2013 Iran agreed to en-gage in talks regarding its nuclear pro-gram. However, soon after Iran agreed to come to the negotiating table, the Obama administration inexplicably began making concession after conces-sion, with Iran giving up very little in return. The result—a weak deal that is highly unlikely to stop Iran from be-coming a nuclear power. 
We have already heard from many of 
my colleagues why this agreement is a bad deal. Once this deal goes into ef-fect, right off the bat Iran will have ac-cess to roughly $140 billion, which even President Obama and Secretary Kerry acknowledge would be partly used to fi-nance terrorism. The deal will also in-crease access to conventional weapons, allowing Iran to defend its nuclear in-frastructure from military strike. By lifting the ban on ballistic missiles, Iran will be able to purchase a delivery system capable of carrying a nuclear warhead well beyond the confines of the Middle East. The deal will also allow Iran to continue its research and development into advanced cen-trifuges, permitting Iran to modernize its enrichment infrastructure and re-ducing the breakout period for a nu-clear weapon to a few weeks instead of months. 
The outcome of this agreement will 
be a more prosperous, better armed, more dangerous Iran, exerting its re-gional influence and continuing to sponsor terror. All of that will be achieved without Iran violating the terms of the agreement. 
However, if Iran does decide to cheat, 
this deal will make that more possible. To begin with, for suspicious sites not currently on the list of Iran’s nuclear facilities, Iran gets 24 days’ notice be-fore inspections can take place. Even more concerning, however, is the infor-mation leaked recently that the secret International Atomic Energy Agency agreement with Iran will allow Iran to provide its own soil samples to inspec-tors from enrichment sites such as the facility at Parchin. Think about that. The regime which has broken these agreements in the past and cheated in the past—again, well documented—will be able to furnish its own soil inspec-tions. 
Unfortunately, instead of acknowl-
edging this when it was raised in com-mittee, Secretary Kerry took on the role of apologist for Iran, defending the deal by saying that private agreements 
with the IAEA are the norm. However, if the leaked information regarding soil samples is correct, this calls into question the entire credibility of the inspections regime. For this reason and many others, I strongly oppose Presi-dent Obama’s nuclear arms concession agreement with Iran, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. 
By rejecting this agreement, we can 
negotiate a better deal—one that will actually stop Iran’s nuclear program and prevent Iran from getting a nu-clear bomb. It is unfortunate that when we have the majority of the American people clearly opposing this deal that the President is not only willing to veto their opposition but to call doing so a victory. 
I would like to expand a little bit of 
detail on some of the national security concerns with this nuclear agreement with Iran. 
Since the Iran agreement was first 
announced in July, the Obama admin-istration has repeatedly stated that we should at least give this deal a try, ar-guing that if Iran breaks its side of the agreement and pursues a nuclear weap-on, we will have the same military op-tions down the road that we have today. However, that is not true. We will not have the same options in the future that we have today. Right now, if a situation arose where Iran entered a breakout period and was pursuing a nuclear weapon, the United States or our allies in the region could conduct a targeted air strike on Iran’s enrich-ment facilities. 
For example, if we knew that Iran 
was using its nuclear enrichment facil-ity at Fordow to enrich weapons-grade uranium, we could utilize our air supe-riority with bunker-buster bombs. Ob-viously, we would prefer to avoid a military strike, but if needed, we have that option, and Iran knows this. 
However, under this agreement, in 10 
years’ time, Iran will have faster, far more efficient centrifuges that can op-erate in significantly smaller facilities that can be placed deeper underground with increased levels of fortification, making a military strike much more complex. 
Right now Iran is using IR–1 cen-
trifuges, which are basically 1960s tech-nology; but under this agreement, starting around year 8, Iran can begin testing IR–6 and IR–8 centrifuges. In fact, as stated in page 10 of Annex 1, after the agreement has been in place for 8
1⁄2years, Iran can construct up to 
30 IR–6 centrifuges and 30 IR–8 cen-trifuges. Why is this so significant? IR– 6 and IR–8 centrifuges are far more ad-vanced and estimated to be up to 15 times more efficient than the IR–1 cen-trifuges that they are using today. By increasing the efficiency of the enrich-ment process, Iran can significantly re-duce the breakout period that is nec-essary to create a bomb. 
On page 17 of Annex 1 of the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action, under the section titled ‘‘Centrifuge Manu-
facturing,’’ the agreement states that at the end of year 8: 
Iran will commence manufacturing of IR–6 
and IR–8 centrifuges without rotors through year 10 at a rate of up to 200 centrifuges per year for each type. 
The administration has repeatedly 
asserted that even if we destroyed Iran’s enrichment facilities with an air strike, we can’t turn back time and erase Iran’s nuclear enrichment know- how. 
While that may be true, we abso-
lutely can and should prevent Iran from increasing its nuclear expertise, but this deal doesn’t do that. Instead, it ensures Iran’s knowledge will in-crease by solidifying its ability to de-velop more advanced centrifuges. Be-cause these IR–6 and IR–8 centrifuges are so much more efficient in speeding up the uranium enrichment process, they will make it far easier for Iran to conceal and protect its nuclear pro-gram. 
Referring once again to the facility 
at Fordow, when Fordow was first con-structed, it was built to contain 3,000 IR–1 centrifuges, which meant that the facility had to be significant in size. IR–8 centrifuges, however, are esti-mated to be 15 times more efficient than the IR–1 centrifuges used at Fordow, which means that by using IR– 8 centrifuges, Iran could replicate the enrichment capability of a facility like Fordow with a building containing not 3,000 centrifuges, but only 200 cen-trifuges. Such a facility can be the size of a house. By reducing the size of the facilities by this magnitude, Iran could build many Fordows in multiple loca-tions, hiding them more easily and put-ting them deeper underground. Such facilities could be built within existing mines, making them extremely dif-ficult to find. 
As mentioned before, this agreement 
guarantees Iran will have the manufac-turing capacity it needs to build these advanced centrifuges. Even within the parameters of this agreement, Iran could manufacture 200 IR–6 centrifuges and 200 IR–8 centrifuges per year start-ing around year 8. Since Iran would al-ready have the manufacturing capacity for building IR–8 centrifuges, it would merely need to ramp up the production beyond the terms of the agreement and in a short period of time it could have operating enrichment facilities in mul-tiple locations throughout the country. By the time these violations had been discovered and conformed, the ad-vanced centrifuges would likely be in place, and Iran would have likely enough enriched uranium for a bomb. 
But there is much more to it than 
that. Currently, according to publicly available sources, Iran’s air defense ca-pabilities consist of domestically pro-duced, short-range surface-to-air mis-siles and Russian made, longer range SA–2 and SA–5 surface-to-air missiles, as well as a few Chinese CSA–1s. These systems are vulnerable to electronic countermeasures and pose very little 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.037 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6455 September 8, 2015 
threat to American or even Israeli air-
craft. 
However, that is not where Iran’s air 
defenses will be in 10 years. Under this agreement, the ban on conventional weapons sales to Iran will be lifted after 5 years. Russia has already agreed to sell Iran four batteries of S–300 vehi-cle-launched surface-to-air missiles. Depending upon the sophistication of these S–300 missile systems, they may be able to engage aircraft up to 200 miles away. 
As we saw last month with Iran un-
veiling its new solid-fuel missiles, Iran’s domestic military infrastructure will not remain static. Over the next decade, as Iran acquires more and more increasingly advanced weapons sys-tems, its area denial capability will make airstrikes even more difficult. Will a future American President, therefore, have the same military op-tions that we have today, as President Obama and Secretary Kerry claim? The answer is no. 
We will still have military options 
available to us, but the calculus for carrying out a targeted airstrike will be much different down the road. Therefore, it is not realistic for Presi-dent Obama to claim that future Presi-dents will have the same military op-tions against Iran we have today. And the more the realistic possibility of a military strike decreases, the more likely Iran will be to violate the terms of the agreement and go after a bomb. 
In 10 years’ time, under this agree-
ment, our best hope for Iran not at-taining a nuclear weapon will be the Iranian Government voluntarily decid-ing it doesn’t want one. That is not something I am willing to bank on. 
Madam President, I also want to 
speak for a moment about Iran’s sup-port for terrorism and the idea put for-ward by President Obama that Iran will spend most of the soon-to-be-ac-quired economic wealth on its own economy. Even if we assume Iran’s military spending remains what it is today as a percentage of Iran’s budget, what would that mean going forward? 
Well, there are many estimates on 
how much Iran spends on its military. Some experts put the figure at around $10 billion per year, while others esti-mate the figure to be closer to $15 bil-lion or even higher. In addition, of the amount spent on Iran’s military, about 65 percent is spent on Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps—the IRGC. 
In the first year of this agreement, 
between unfrozen assets and increased revenue from oil sales, Iran is expected to see an initial influx of around $140 billion. Now, using conservative num-bers, if Iran’s military spending stayed the same in this coming year as a per-centage of GDP, it would increase to almost $15 billion, with $9.5 billion going to the IRGC. 
One of the main national security 
concerns we have regarding the IRGC is that Iran uses it to support terrorist organizations. Iran is the main sup-porter of Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza, both of which have pro-
voked conflicts with Israel in recent years. 
In addition, Iran’s support of insta-
bility in the region is well known, with the Iranian Government providing funding to the Houthis in Yemen and military assistance to Assad in Syria. Many of our own casualties in Iraq were the result of Iranian-made bombs provided to insurgents by the Iranian Quds Force. 
Last summer, the missiles being 
launched at Israel out of Gaza were pri-marily imported from Iran. It is no wonder Israel has been so opposed to this deal. 
Even the Iron Dome system, which 
proved so successful during the last Israeli-Palestinian conflict, can be overwhelmed if enough missiles are fired at once. And now Iran, a country bent on Israel’s destruction, is going to see a huge increase in military spend-ing. 
Even the Quds Force commander, 
Qassem Suleimani, the man respon-sible for supplying Iraqi insurgents with bombs that killed U.S. soldiers, will see United Nations and European Union sanctions lifted as a result of this deal. 
President Obama keeps arguing that 
the danger of a nuclear-armed Iran far outweighs the short-term impact of Iran’s increased support for terrorism. As we have discussed, I don’t think this agreement prevents Iran from getting a nuclear bomb. But even if my col-leagues disagree with me on that point, are we really willing to trade the lives of our allies in the short term to try to achieve this goal? That is not a risk I am willing to take. 
In urging my colleagues to vote 
against this deal, I would also like to speak for just a moment about what would happen if Congress is able to stop this deal? 
The President keeps saying a ‘‘no’’ 
vote on this deal will lead to war. Well, that is unrealistic and a clear attempt by the President to garner support for the agreement by stoking people’s fears. 
Iran is very aware of its own military 
limitations, and it knows what the out-come of such a war would be. For Iran, in the short term, a much more real-istic response would be for it to try to keep its side of the agreement in an at-tempt to gain United Nations and EU sanctions relief. However, despite this attempt, the United States could dou-ble down on the U.N. sanctions that were in place prior to the December framework and threaten to use sec-ondary sanctions against foreign busi-nesses who wish to do business with Iran. 
Given the size of the U.S. economy 
compared to Iran, this is a powerful de-terrent. Since Iran’s economy is al-ready hurting, maintaining sanctions would provide more leverage for the P5+1 to get a better deal. 
However, another plausible outcome 
following congressional rejection of the deal would be for Iran to try to cap-
italize on congressional disapproval by seeking to divide Russia and China from the West to undermine the multi-lateral sanctions regime. Iran could try to achieve this by implementing cer-tain commitments from the agreement but not others. 
But even if China and Russia wish to 
do business with Iran, they both still have an incentive to try to achieve the original goal of the negotiations. It is not in China’s interest for a nuclear- armed Iran to cause greater instability with global energy prices, and Russia doesn’t want an Islamist regime in its backyard, which is prone to regional conflicts, acquiring nuclear weapons capabilities. 
These scenarios I am describing have 
already been echoed by a chorus of ex-perts who have pointed out the flaws in this agreement and offered alter-natives. The vote this week is not—is not—a choice between supporting a bad deal or going to war. The vote this week is an opportunity to reject a bad deal in order to achieve a better out-come. 
That is what we ought to be doing, 
and I hope we get the chance to get on this resolution and that we have the chance to get a full debate here in the Senate where the people’s voices can be heard. I hope when it is all said and done, Members here in the Senate will come to the same conclusion I and many of my colleagues have, which is that this is a bad deal for our country, it is a bad deal for our allies in the re-gion, and there is a much better out-come that can be achieved if the Sen-ate will reject this bad deal and get us back to negotiations where we can achieve a better outcome. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
f 
NOMINATION OF ROSEANN A. 
KETCHMARK TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF MIS-SOURI 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Roseann A. Ketchmark, of Missouri, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.038 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6456 September 8, 2015 
minutes of debate equally divided in 
the usual form. 
The Senator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the time dur-ing the quorum call be equally divided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUNT. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, today 
we are going to vote on the nomination of Roseann Ketchmark. She has been nominated to be a Federal district judge in the Western District of Mis-souri. Now, this is only the sixth judi-cial nominee that we have voted on since the Senate Republicans took over the majority 8 months ago, so less than 1 a month. In fact, if we continue at this rate the Republican majority has established, the Senate this year will confirm the fewest number of judges in more than a half century—resulting in a judicial vacancy crisis. I am con-cerned because the Senate Republican leadership has refused to schedule timely confirmation votes for con-sensus judicial nominees which, I think, demonstrates an astounding ne-glect of the needs of our independent third branch, which borders on con-tempt. 
I am proud to be a lawyer. I have 
practiced both in the criminal and civil bars and served as a prosecutor. I have appeared before many different courts. I look at the men and women who have been on our courts, and I say: Here is an example of the way the judicial sys-tem should be—something every coun-try in the world wants to emulate. But now, we are treating that third branch almost with contempt—with partisan contempt—and that is going to hurt the whole of the Federal judiciary. 
When Senate Democrats were in the 
majority, we worked hard to reduce the number of judicial vacancies to just 43—the lowest level since this Presi-dent took office. This was accom-plished through the unyielding efforts of then-Majority Leader R
EIDand Sen-
ate Democrats, who prioritized filling judicial vacancies so that our inde-pendent judiciary would be sufficiently staffed. Our success in reducing the number of judicial vacancies to such a level in 2014 was remarkable, given that we had begun the year with over 90 vacancies and the fact that Senate Republicans filibustered every single judicial nominee. 
Throughout President Obama’s ten-
ure, we have seen Senate Republicans consistently prioritize partisan politics over the Senate’s constitutional duty of advice and consent. Their relentless obstruction over the last 6 years has resulted in an unacceptable number of 
vacancies—often hovering close to or exceeding 90. By the end of last year, the Senate made progress in reducing judicial vacancies to 43, but now we are seeing those gains reversed due to the Republicans’ refusal to even schedule confirmation votes this year. In the 8 months since Republicans have been in 
the majority, judicial vacancies have increased by more than 50 percent. If Republicans keep on this dangerous course, we are heading to a judicial va-cancy crisis. This is made worse by the fact that the number of Federal court vacancies deemed to be ‘‘judicial emer-gencies’’ by the non-partisan Adminis-trative Office of the U.S. Courts has in-creased by 158 percent since the begin-ning of the year. There are now 31 judi-cial emergency vacancies that are af-fecting communities across the coun-try. 
I am going to show a couple of 
things. Republicans campaigned last year on the promise they would govern responsibly if they won the majority, but instead they have created divisive issues that play openly to their polit-ical base. One needs to look no further than the recent show vote to defund critical health services for women. 
I was in Vermont all last month. Ev-
erywhere I went—especially rural Vermont, where it is so difficult and so essential to get health care to women— they are asking: Why do the Repub-licans want to cut off the health care for women in rural parts of our coun-try? Rather than spending 2 days in an unnecessary political exercise, the Sen-ate should have voted to confirm the many judicial nominees pending on the calendar. In fact, rather than pushing bills to strip funding from local law en-forcement for obeying the rules on im-migration enforcement, we should be confirming judges to ensure our entire criminal justice system works for ev-eryone. 
Let’s give one example. The last 2 
years of President Bush’s tenure in of-fice, the Democrats controlled the Sen-ate. By this time, we had confirmed 26 of his judges. Now, with exactly the same situation, with Republicans con-trolling, they have only allowed five judges. What we did as Democrats for President Bush, we put through five times as many judges as Republicans have for President Obama. What you are seeing actually is we are going to politicize the Federal courts. 
Supporting and strengthening our 
Federal judiciary is not a Democratic or Republican priority; it is a funda-mental and constitutional duty of the Senate that we all must share. In fact, the Senate Republican leadership’s de-cision to shirk this body’s constitu-tional duty of advice is doing the most harm to States with at least one Re-publican Senator. Of the 67 current va-cancies that exist, 48 of them—or more than 70 percent—are in States with at least one Republican Senator. Texas, for example, has nine judicial vacan-cies. Seven of those nine are considered judicial emergencies. Incredibly, one of 
those district court positions has been vacant for over 4 years. A Fifth Circuit position in Texas has been vacant for more than 3 years. Pennsylvania and Alabama face similar crises. They have six and five current vacancies, respec-tively. Federal courts in several other States are grappling with extended va-cancies. They desperately need to be filled. 
The length of time that some of these 
vacancies have remained unfilled is staggering. In Texas, none of these va-cancies currently have nominees be-cause the Texas Senators have been slow in providing recommendations to the President. A similar pattern can be seen with the Alabama vacancies, where two of the positions have been vacant for over 2 years, and another has remained vacant for over 1
1⁄2years. 
In Pennsylvania, there are six cur-
rent vacancies and five nominees pend-ing. Senate Republicans should be try-ing to move these nominees as expedi-tiously as possible. Of great concern is the treatment of Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo, who will fill an emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judge Restrepo was unanimously confirmed 2 years ago by the Senate to serve as a district court judge in Pennyslvania. I have heard no objection to his nomination, yet it took 7 months just to get him a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. 
Judge Restrepo has strong bipartisan 
support from both Pennsylvania Sen-ators, and he was voted out of the Judi-ciary Committee unanimously by voice vote. Once confirmed, Judge Restrepo will become the first Hispanic judge from Pennsylvania to serve on this court and only the second Hispanic judge ever to serve on the Third Cir-cuit. No Senate Democrat opposes a vote on his nomination. Senate Repub-licans are the only thing holding up his nomination. I hope the Republican Senator from Pennsylvania will im-plore his leadership to bring this high-ly qualified nominee up for a vote. The continued delay of Judge Restrepo is a poor reflection on this body. 
In the Western District of New York, 
located in Buffalo, there is not a single active Federal district judge, even though it has one of the busiest case-loads in the country. And there are more criminal cases than in Wash-ington, DC, Boston, Cleveland, and they don’t have a single active judge because Republicans will not allow a vote, up or down, even though they have the majority. If you don’t like the judge, you vote them down. They will not even allow a vote. I should note that the highly qualified nominee to serve in Buffalo was voted unani-mously out of the Judiciary Com-mittee. They will not allow them to have a vote on the Senate floor. 
Look at this, how we brought vacan-
cies down when we controlled the Sen-ate, and now look at how they shoot up when the Republicans control the Sen-ate. It makes no sense at all. In fact, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.040 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6457 September 8, 2015 
I said earlier, the Republican-con-
trolled Senate allowed confirmation votes on just five judges—one, two, three, four, five. They have taken vaca-tions, recesses, long weekends, and leave early—but we don’t have time to vote on judges, which are normally unanimous votes anyway. 
We are going to vote on the sixth 
today. Whoop-de-i-ay. Good for us. My goodness gracious. It hasn’t been this way before. As I said, when I was chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, in the last 2 years of President Bush’s term, I had put through 26 judges by now. The Republicans have only allowed five judges. This kind of partisanship is really wrong. In fact, it is on pace to be the lowest in recent 
history. 
President Eisenhower had 47 judges 
confirmed in his last 2 years in office; President Reagan had 85 judges con-firmed his last 2 years in office; Presi-dent Clinton had 73 judges confirmed his last 2 years in office; and President George W. Bush had 68 judges con-firmed his last 2 years in office. This is a clear double standard that is being applied to President Obama’s nomi-nees. 
Republicans can provide some real 
leadership if the majority leader would go ahead and allow for a vote on all 14 of the judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar. All of these nomi-nees have bipartisan support and were voted out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote. Five of them would fill judicial emergency vacancies, includ-ing Judge Restrepo of Pennsylvania. Others would fill judicial emergencies in California, New York, and Ten-nessee. And the five nominees to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims have now been pending before the full Senate for a year or more. 
Today we are voting on the nomina-
tion of Roseann Ketchmark to fill a ju-dicial vacancy in the Federal district court in the Western District of Mis-souri. She has spent her entire 25-year legal career as a prosecutor on both the State and Federal levels. Since 2001, Ms. Ketchmark has served as an Assist-ant U.S. Attorney with the U.S. Attor-ney’s Office for the Western District of Missouri. During her time in the U.S. Attorney’s Office, Ms. Ketchmark has served in supervisory and management capacities as both the First Assistant U.S. Attorney and as the Executive As-sistant Attorney. She began her legal career as an Assistant Prosecutor in Kansas City, MO, at the Jackson Coun-ty Prosecutor’s Office, and subse-quently joined the Platte County Pros-ecutor’s Office in Platte City, MO, as a First Assistant Prosecutor. Ms. Ketchmark has the bipartisan support of her two home State Senators, Sen-ator M
CCASKILL and Senator B LUNT . 
She was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote more than 4 months ago. She has a strong back-ground as a criminal prosecutor and I will support her nomination. 
The majority leader has spoken re-
cently about his desire to avoid an-other Republican-led government shut-
down. I agree, the American people de-serve something better than obstruc-tionist shutdowns. While the focus has been on the threat of Republicans shut-ting down the government over wom-en’s health services, the Senate Repub-licans have virtually shut down the ju-dicial confirmation process. It is harm-ing our justice system in the short and long term. 
I have spoken to a number of Repub-
lican Senators who realize this is wrong. These are the same Senators who came to me at the time of Presi-dent Bush and asked: Can you move these judges, even though you are in charge? And I said, of course, we will. Some have come sheepishly and said: We are sorry we didn’t return the favor. What I say is reverse course; I urge Senate Republicans to reverse course and realize the short-term par-tisan decisions are undermining the ability of the judicial system to serve our communities. 
Tonight’s vote to confirm a district 
court nominee from Missouri is long overdue. I urge the Senate Republican leadership to schedule votes for the re-maining 13 consensus judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar. They could all be done tomorrow morning in half an hour’s time. 
I have been in the Senate longer than 
any Member of this body. I have been here in the majority and the minority, numerous times in both. I have been here with Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents, with the Re-publican leaders—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. LEAHY. I see nobody else seek-
ing recognition. I ask unanimous con-sent for another 3 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. I have been here with 
both Republican and Democratic lead-ership of this body, Republican and Democratic Presidents. I have never, in 41 years, seen the Federal judiciary treated in such a cavalier, mean-spir-ited and, I would say, irresponsible fashion. I know most Senators want to do the right thing. Let’s start doing it. This Third Branch of government should be treated with respect. If you have a person who is not competent who is nominated, then vote them down, but if they are competent, let’s have a vote on it. Let’s not have this. 
You are not going to find good men 
and women to agree to serve on the Federal bench if they think they are going to be delayed for partisan rea-sons for a year or more at a time. We can do better. We are all proud of our Federal judiciary. It is the best in the world, but this kind of partisanship could turn it into one of the worst in the world. This Senator does not want to see that happen. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is, Will the Senate advise and con-sent to the nomination of Roseann A. Ketchmark, of Missouri, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri? 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M AR-
KEY) and the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. U DALL ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
DAINES ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 96, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 263 Ex.] 
YEAS—96 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz Markey Rubio 
Udall 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will resume legislative session. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.042 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6458 September 8, 2015 
The Senator from South Dakota. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
f 
CELEBRATING LABOR DAY AND 
AMERICAN WORKERS 
Mr. BROWN. President Lincoln said: 
It has so happened in all ages of the world, 
that some have labored, and others have, without labor, enjoyed a large proportion of the fruits. This is wrong, and it should not continue. 
Early in President Obama’s term, I 
printed out that quote and handed it to him because it underscores to me the value of labor and the wealth that labor creates for our country, our soci-ety, and for those workers and their families. I gave the President that quote because it is my hope that all of us as elected officials remember how important it is that we stand up for workers, organized and unorganized, labor union and nonlabor union mem-bers. 
It is important to stand up for the 
workers who have built this country. They laid down the railroad tracks that move people and products across the country. They work on shop floors. They innovate as they labor. They toil in mines. They dug the coal that would power our trains and our factories. These workers built our strong middle class and they continue to be the back-bone of our economy. 
Over the past month, as many of us 
did in our States, I visited factory floors across Ohio. At each stop, I wit-nessed the ingenuity and dedication of workers. Last Thursday I visited All American Clothing in Arcanum, OH. It is a family business and a classic American success story. In 2002, Lawson Nickol worked for a blue jeans manufacturing company. He watched as his company outsourced more and more of its operations, more and more of its production to other countries. Lawson Nickol was appalled as he saw coworkers and friends losing their jobs all the way down the supply chain of this company. He knew he had to do something. 
He left his job and he founded All 
American Clothing Company in Darke County, a rural county west and north of Dayton, OH. He started making jeans in Arcanum, OH. 
The first few years were difficult. 
The company survived on family sav-ings, taking financial risks, working long hours, and having a little bit of luck. But 13 years later, All American is proof that you should never bet against American workers. The jeans aren’t only made in Ohio; they are 
made in other places all over this coun-try. The company is growing. The com-pany expanded in 2012 with the help of a $150,000 low-interest CDBG develop-ment loan. Its products are 100 percent American made and support Ohio jobs. 
Lawson’s business is a family affair. 
His son, B.J. Nickol, is a co-owner and company president. B.J. told me that ‘‘it is not about greed for us. It is about giving people jobs and making a decent living.’’ 
Travel across Ohio and across the 
country, and you will find more compa-nies like All American thriving on the 
talent, tenacity, and hard work, blood, sweat, toil, and tears of American workers. 
I visited an Airstream plant in 
Shelby County and a Continental ContiTech plant in St. Mary’s. I toured the Honda Logistics North America plant in East Liberty and the GE Test-ing Facility in Peebles. I attended the grand opening of the Hart Schaffner Marx suit facility in Brooklyn, OH, a suburb of Cleveland. 
I wear this suit today, made in Cleve-
land, OH, by union workers in a Hugo Boss plant. Since then that plant has been sold to Hart Schaffner Marx, which is opening its production right now. When I visited that plant in my Hugo Boss suit and talked about the fact that this suit had been made at this plant with 150 unionized workers, a worker walked up to me and said, ‘‘Senator,’’ and she touched me on the chest and said, ‘‘I made that pocket.’’ All of these operations are flourishing because of Ohio workers. 
While our workers support our econ-
omy, we are not doing enough to sup-port them. Too often workers have no paid sick leave, no paid family leave, and no overtime pay. 
President Obama is taking important 
steps to help working families. New overtime rules would expand overtime pay so that 40 percent of salaried work-ers would be eligible. Think of it this way. A worker—an employee who is the shift manager on the second shift at a fast-food restaurant who is classi-fied as management may be making only $30 or $35,000 a year. They work that worker more than 40 hours a week. Yet that worker gets no over-time because that worker is classified as supervisory. That is wrong. Under the President’s plan, the rule he passed down, 160,000 more Ohioans will earn overtime pay for the work they are al-ready doing at their place of business. 
This week the administration an-
nounced that Federal contractors will be required to provide up to 7 days of paid sick leave each year. It will mean 
300,000 Americans working on Federal contracts will be able to stay home if they get sick or take a day off to care for a sick child. It means they are less likely to show up to work when they might infect somebody else with the illness they have, so everybody is more productive. These are important steps, but there are limits to Executive ac-tion. Too many workers are left without 
paid sick leave, without maternity leave, without overtime pay, without predictable work schedules. Too many women still earn less than men for the same work. The President, through Ex-ecutive action, can solve some of this, as he should, as he is given power by Congress to do, but we need legislative action. 
Previous generations of workers 
fought for the protections we take for granted: child labor laws, workplace safety protections, unemployment in-surance. They fought in union halls, they organized in union halls and church basements. They demanded a government that respects the dignity of work, that passes laws recognizing the decency and dedication of workers. 
After decades of attacks on our 
unions, laws are often the only protec-tions workers have. Fifty years ago, one in three workers was a member of a union—one-third of workers were members of unions. Now that number is 1 in 10. That is why action from this body is needed more than ever. Work-ers, when they are organized, when they have a union, are protected so they are paid the overtime they earn. They are protected often with provided sick leave and maternity leave. They are protected because of their union from injury in the workplace. 
Because not as many people belong 
to unions today—that is why we need to pass the Healthy Families Act, we need to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, we need to pass the Schedules That Work Act, and we need to pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. This is action we can take today in celebration of Labor Day that would make a tremendous difference in the lives of American workers who built this economy. 
This past weekend, we celebrated 
Labor Day with picnics and barbecues and time spent with families, we issued statements honoring American work-ers. Let’s not just honor them with words, let’s honor them with deeds. Let’s move forward in a way that puts labor, that puts the American worker front and center. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 200TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS’S ACQUISITION OF THOMAS JEFFERSON’S PER-SONAL LIBRARY 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this year 
is the 200th anniversary of one of the wisest decisions Congress ever made. In 1815, Congress acquired the entirety of Thomas Jefferson’s personal library to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.044 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6459 September 8, 2015 
replace Congress’s library, which was 
burnt by the British Army the previous year. 
I would like to take a few moments 
to recognize this anniversary and to focus on the good work one small Li-brary of Congress program does today. 
Though the Library of Congress was 
established in 1800, for the first 15 years of its existence it was mainly a law library. It was not until the acqui-sition of Jefferson’s personal library that the Library became the broad re-pository of knowledge that it is today. Some Members of Congress opposed the idea of buying Jefferson’s entire li-brary, which included books in many languages, and on a variety of topics, including science, math, philosophy, and religion. However, Thomas Jeffer-son famously replied, ‘‘I do not know that it contains any branch of science which Congress would wish to exclude from their collection; there is, in fact, no subject to which a Member of Con-gress may not have occasion to refer.’’ Fortunately, this view won the day, and today the Library contains an un-paralleled number of items from every branch of knowledge, making it the largest library in the world. 
Forever growing, the Library of Con-
gress receives 20,000 new items every day. However, only about half are kept for the Library’s permanent collection. It is the program designed to bridge that divide which has grown to touch so many Oregonians, as well as regular folks around the country. 
The Library of Congress’s Surplus 
Books Program takes the books not needed for the Library’s collections and provides them to schools, libraries, and nonprofit institutions around the country. Each week, staff from my of-fice are able to select books, box them up, and send them to Oregon. 
One recipient in Oregon has been the 
new library in Halsey, OR. Halsey is a small town, but the community has come together to build a fantastic new library. I have been able to send them several hundred new books to help them grow and diversify their collec-tion. I expect to be able to send them hundreds more, thanks to the Library of Congress’s Surplus Books Program. 
I would be remiss if I failed to recog-
nize Joseph Maher, acquisitions spe-cialist and librarian for the Surplus Books Program. Mr. Maher almost sin-glehandedly runs the program and often goes above and beyond to identify books for particular organizations. Mr. Maher works to find a good home for each of the books, while simulta-neously balancing the needs of the many congressional offices, schools, universities, and Federal agencies that select books from the program. He works tirelessly knowing that the books they send around the country are going to make a positive impact on many lives. 
Reading sparks creativity, learning, 
passion, and imagination, and the Li-brary of Congress continues to help ig-nite it. I could not be more pleased to see communities in Oregon benefitting 
from this program. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KATIE ROTH 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor today to congratu-late a constituent and a great friend of mine, Katie Roth of West Des Moines. This summer Katie was named the 2015 Woman Business Owner of the Year, presented by the Business Record. 
In the spring of 2005, Katie, who is 
never shy to take on a challenge, opened her own staffing agency and has built it from the ground up. Ten years later, Portico Staffing has thrived under her exceptional leadership, busi-ness savvy, and highly regarded reputa-tion as a people person. Katie knows how to build relationships and find op-portunities needed to grow a business. Along the way, she has helped count-less Iowa employers and job-seekers find one another. You might say she is a perfect matchmaker. For the last decade, Katie has worked hard to carve out a slice of the American dream by owning and growing her own business. She knows it comes with sacrifice and risk. And she has worked hard to make her dream come true. Katie is a great mentor and role model for the next generation. She shows that persever-ance and persistence pay off. Always on the job, whether networking in the community or listening to her clients, Katie makes good connections happen. And that is a good thing for job seekers and employers looking to hire and grow their business. 
Katie was nominated by her peers for 
consideration of this prestigious award. It is no surprise to me that my fellow Iowans would sing her praises. Without hesitation, I endorse Katie’s selection as the 2015 Business Owner of the Year. I have had the pleasure of knowing Katie Roth since 1980 when she joined my first campaign for the U.S. Senate. Always a tireless worker, I have en-joyed watching Katie thrive and suc-ceed throughout the years. A loving wife and mother, Katie is fiercely loyal and Barbara and I hold her in our high-est regard. 
Barbara and I extend our congratula-
tions to Katie Roth for this well-de-served honor. We wish her the very best as she blazes the trail for many years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE GREATER 
KANSAS CITY CRIME STOPPERS 
∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, as co- 
chair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, I call to the attention of my colleagues an effective public-private partnership that was pioneered by the Greater Kansas City Crime Stoppers. 
This partnership, which empowers 
citizens to assist law enforcement on behalf of public safety, has been a model for the Nation, and beyond. Crime Stoppers is separate from the 
police emergency phone system or other standard methods of contacting police, as it allows a member of the community to provide anonymous in-formation about criminal activity. In 1982, the Kansas City Crime Commis-sion launched a hotline for anonymous tips—Crime Stoppers. That first year, 30 tips came in, clearing 8 cases. 
Greater Kansas City Crime Stoppers 
emerged as a top program, earning global recognition. In 1999, Sergeant Craig Sarver of the Kansas City Police Department was named International— Crime Stoppers—Coordinator of the Year. 
An innovator, Sergeant Sarver nur-
tured an idea that has evolved into a common tool for law enforcement. 
In the summer of 2002, 19-year-old Ali 
Kemp was murdered in the pump house at a community swimming pool near Kansas City. Her father, Roger Kemp, suggested to police and the local office of Lamar Advertising Company that billboards could help find the killer. 
Eventually, a tip generated by do-
nated billboards helped resolve this case. A suspect was arrested in Con-necticut, tried, and convicted. 
Since then, ‘‘wanted’’ billboards have 
led to arrests in more than 20 murder cases in the Kansas City area. Sarver, who retired in 2008 after 33 years on the force, cites two reasons why billboards help generate solid tips for police. 
First, he says, is the frequency of the 
message. Tipsters have said they had seen ‘‘wanted’’ billboards multiple times before they shared tips. Second is the emphasis on anonymity, impor-tant to those who fear retribution, ac-cording to Sergeant Sarver. 
Now this tactic—to feature a tip line 
number on billboards along with a sus-pect’s photo—is a common tool for law enforcement. In 2007 in Philadelphia, the FBI starting using donated elec-tronic ‘‘digital’’ billboards to help find fugitives. The FBI calls these high-tech signs ‘‘force multipliers.’’ Tips gen-erated by digital billboards have re-solved 53 FBI cases. 
State and local police also rely on 
billboards to communicate with the public. After two inmates escaped pris-on in upstate New York in early June, New York State Police activated 50 
digital billboards in four states. 
Near St. Louis, a motorist opened 
fire on an Illinois State trooper during a traffic stop on June 23. The trooper was not injured, but the shooter fled. In southern Illinois, the District 11 State Police office is located near Mid America Outdoor Advertising in Col-linsville, IL. Shortly after police asked Mid America for help, the suspect’s photo appeared on a digital billboard along a high-traffic interstate en route to St. Louis. The suspect was arrested by the end of the week. 
In Elyria, OH, the sheriff says 12 fugi-
tives have been arrested thanks to tips prompted by digital billboards. Lorain County Sheriff Phil R. Stammitti de-scribes these long-sought individuals as ‘‘very hard to locate.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.003 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6460 September 8, 2015 
Neil Mahan, the retired police chief 
from Janesville, WI, says billboards help police apprehend suspected crimi-nals and deliver other information to the public. ‘‘For example,’’ he wrote in The Police Chief magazine, ‘‘an elderly female suffering from Alzheimer’s dis-ease wandered away from family at a local shopping mall and was found by a citizen using the digital billboard in-formation. When spring floods along the Rock River posed significant dan-ger to the public, billboards were used to post warnings about the danger.’’ 
In conclusion, we know that public 
safety is enhanced when citizens are empowered to help law enforcement. I commend the Kansas City Crime Com-mission and Greater Kansas City Crime Stoppers for their contributions in ad-vancing a new communications tool that aides the cause of safety. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE JOHN R. EL-
LIOTT HERO CAMPAIGN FOR DESIGNATED DRIVERS 
∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, 
today I am honored to recognize the John R. Elliott HERO Campaign for Designated Drivers on the occasion of their 15th anniversary. 
The John R. Elliott HERO Campaign 
for Designated Drivers was created in 2000 following the tragic death of Navy ENS John R. Elliott in a drunk-driving related crash. 
The campaign’s mission is to prevent 
drunk driving-related crashes and deaths through the use of designated drivers. That mission has been a sig-nificant success across New Jersey, with many drivers citing the John R. Elliott HERO Campaign as a reason why they choose to serve as designated drivers. 
Over the last 15 years, the organiza-
tion has grown from a small group from Southern New Jersey, to an orga-nization nationally recognized by the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration and the National Commis-sion Against Drunk Driving for its ef-forts. 
The effects of the John R. Elliott 
HERO Campaign have gone beyond the Southern New Jersey region. Seven States across our Nation have adopted the HERO Campaign as their des-ignated driver model in an effort to de-crease drunk driving fatalities. The HERO Campaign has also partnered with the New York Giants, the Phila-delphia Phillies, and other professional sports franchises in their mission to promote the use of designated drivers. These partnerships do not include the thousands of individuals across our Na-tion who have also registered as des-ignated drivers at concerts and sport-ing events as a pledge to the HERO campaign. 
The John R. Elliott HERO Campaign 
for Designated Drivers was instru-mental in the passage of John’s Law, 
enacted in 2005, which gave States $145 million in highway grant incentives for establishing car impoundment laws for drivers suspected of drunk driving. The tragic circumstances sur-
rounding Navy ENS John R. Elliott’s crash have turned into a long history of meaningful accomplishments across not only New Jersey, but across our Nation. It is my hope that the legacy of John R. Elliott will live on and ex-pand across our country. 
I applaud the efforts of the John R. 
Elliott HERO Campaign for Designated Drivers and thank them for their ef-forts in making our roads safer across our country by promoting the use of designated drivers. ∑ 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF L. MASON 
CAPITANI 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the 50th Anniversary of L. Mason Capitani CORFAC Inter-national. It is a pleasure to commemo-rate this wonderful milestone in the history of a family-owned Michigan business. 
Founded by L. Mason Capitani in 
1965, L. Mason Capitani was a one-man operation until his son, Mason E. Capitani, joined the company. Mason displayed an affinity for industry, which helped the company blossom into the full-service brokerage and property management firm it is today. Mason E. still serves as the company’s chairman, but a third generation of the Capitani family—Jason Capitani and Mason L. Capitani—are now managing most of the day-to-day operations of L. Mason Capitani. 
Mason E. Capitani credits tenacity 
and careful planning as two of the keys to L. Mason Capitani’s success over the past five decades. From its modest be-ginning, the company has grown into a global organization, with a reach that extends far beyond the State of Michi-gan. The company has followed a care-ful path of natural growth, where an honest understanding of its strengths and weaknesses, as well as the dynam-ics of a global market, have allowed L. Mason Capitani to thrive in a volatile industry. 
The success of L. Mason Capitani is 
rooted in more than diligent planning. It is a reflection of the company’s dedi-cation to customer service, as well as its commitment to supporting a knowl-edgeable and talented workforce. The brokers, agents, and support staff at L. Mason Capitani are encouraged to pro-vide high-quality customer service without jeopardizing their ethics, in-tegrity, or dignity. An emphasis on in-tegrity has allowed L. Mason Capitani to build relationships based on trust and experience. As a family business, its employees understand the com-pany’s success and the family’s reputa-tion are inseparable. 
I applaud the employees of L. Mason 
Capitani for demonstrating the hard work and dedication to service required for 50 years of success. Family busi-nesses like L. Mason Capitani are the main drivers of the economy in Michi-gan and across the United States. L. Mason Capitani is well aware of its role in supporting economic opportunity 
and quality of life in communities across the State of Michigan, including Detroit, where the company embraces the opportunity for it to grow while contributing to efforts to rebuild one of America’s great cities. 
Again, I congratulate L. Mason 
Capitani CORFAC International on the occasion of its 50th Anniversary. I ap-preciate its contributions to quality of life and economic vitality throughout the State of Michigan and wish it and its employees many more decades of success. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JOSEPH SCANLON 
∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
Rhode Island recently lost a good man and dedicated public servant. Joseph Scanlon, from Tiverton, passed away on August 24 with his family at his side. For all of us who knew him, this was very sad news. 
Joe wore many hats during the 
course of his life. He served in the U.S. Army in the Korean war. He rep-resented his hometown of Tiverton in the Rhode Island General Assembly. He worked for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Rhode Island for 10 years and was a member of the board of directors of Home Loan Investment Bank. He was active in local civic and charitable or-ganizations, like the Fogarty Founda-tion, the Catholic Charity Fund, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, and the Rhode Island Heart Association, just to name a few. These items alone make for quite an impressive re ´sume´. 
But Joe will always be remembered 
for his service as administrative aide to the late U.S. Congressman Fernand St. Germain. For nearly three decades, Joe ran the Congressman’s office in Rhode Island. During that time, Joe created an office which focused on helping constituents in their dealings with the Federal Government. Joe’s work was and remains the gold stand-ard for congressional offices and re-flects Joe’s deep-seated commitment to the people of Rhode Island. 
In this time of partisanship and ran-
cor, it is good to honor Joe’s dedication to a simple goal: helping people. Joe seemed to like everyone he met, and he went out of his way to steer power of government to helping people, one by one, as he learned of their difficulties. He was a master of his craft. 
Although it might not get as much 
attention as other aspects of the job, helping constituents navigate through their government is one of the most important roles we play as Members of Congress. Federal bureaucracy can be difficult, overwhelming, and frus-trating. We can’t seek special treat-ment, but we can ask questions and de-mand accountability, helping to cut the redtape that often stands in a con-stituent’s way. 
Joe knew the questions to ask and 
the people to call. He worked tirelessly with his staff. He returned calls and wrote letters promptly and exhausted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.032 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6461 September 8, 2015 
every option available to the con-
stituent. Joe truly cared about Rhode Island and its people. And he got re-sults. 
Joe was very helpful to me in my run 
for Senate in 2006. After my election, I sought Joe’s advice as I set up my of-fice in Rhode Island. He gave gener-ously of his time and expertise, and many, if not all, of his words of wisdom are in use in my office today. I will al-ways be grateful to him for that. 
I will also be grateful for his friend-
ship through the years, and I will miss him dearly. 
I send my condolences to Joe’s be-
loved wife, Jeannine; his children, Deborah, Stephen, and Susan; and the entire Scanlon family. Rhode Island was fortunate to have had such a com-mitted, energetic, and selfless citizen. 
Godspeed, my friend. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
In executive session the Presiding Of-
ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on August 6, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) has 
signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 212. An act to amend the Safe Water 
Drinking Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1138. An act to establish certain wil-
derness areas in central Idaho and to author-ize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1531. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 2131. An act to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’. 
H.R. 2559. An act to designate the ‘‘PFC 
Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on August 6, 
2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2533. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–074); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2534. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–028); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2535. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–039); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–2536. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–034); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2537. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–044); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2538. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2539. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Butte County Air Qual-ity Management District, Feather River Air Quality Management District, and San Luis Obispo County Air Pollution Control Dis-trict; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9931–19–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2540. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Defini-tions of Low Pressure Gas Well and Storage Vessel’’ (FRL No. 9931–76–OAR) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2541. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; State of Wyoming; Interstate Transport of Pollution for the 2006 24-Hour PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9932–05–Re-gion 8) received during adjournment of the 
Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2542. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; State of Colorado; Interstate Transport of Pollution for the 2006 24-Hour PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9932–04–Re-gion 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2543. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Arizona; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2008 Lead (Pb) and the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9926– 72–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2544. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Georgia; Atlanta; Require-ments for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9932–20–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2545. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Florida; Miscellaneous Changes’’ (FRL No. 9932–25–Region 4) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–2546. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Alabama, Mississippi and South Carolina; Certain Visibility Require-ments for the 2008 Ozone Standards’’ (FRL No. 9932–30–Region 4) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2547. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Washington’’ (FRL No. 9932–21–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2548. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Iowa; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9926–85–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08SE6.002 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6462 September 8, 2015 
EC–2549. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-
ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0086)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2550. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0679)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2551. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0748)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2552. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0011)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2553. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Trans-port Regional Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1986)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2554. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0926)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2555. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0428)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2556. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–1052)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2557. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0572)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2558. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0778)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2559. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0921)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2560. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0339)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2561. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0780)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2562. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2563)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2563. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2957)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2564. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ 
((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0570)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2565. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0088)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2566. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0524)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2567. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0569)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2568. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Inc. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2906)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2569. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Inc. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0499)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2570. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1988)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2571. A communication from the Senior 
Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Kaman Aerospace Corporation (Kaman) Heli-copters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0758)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2572. A communication from the Para-
legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.025 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6463 September 8, 2015 
Honeywell International Inc. Turboprop En-
gines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2006–23706)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2573. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Specialist, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; M7 Aerospace LLC Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2435)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 5, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2574. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; PILATUS Aircraft Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1177)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2575. A communication from the Para-
legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1127)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2576. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2434)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2577. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GA 8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–1123)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2578. A communication from the Para-
legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Przedsiebiorstwo Doswiadczalno- Produkcyjne Szybownictwa ‘PZL–Bielsko’ Sailplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0951)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2579. A communication from the Para-
legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Various Transport Category Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2962)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2580. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company 
Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0165)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2581. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0164)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2582. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class B Airspace; New Orleans, LA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2219)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2583. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Dyersburg, TN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0968)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2584. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Campbellsville, KY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 0458)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2585. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Greenville, SC’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0044)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2586. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Headland, AL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0046)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2587. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class D and Class E Airspace; Inde-pendence, KS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0565)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2588. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-
ment and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Bremerton, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1067)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2589. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Defuniak Springs, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 0045)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2590. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace, Rev-ocation of Class E Airspace; Salem, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1069)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2591. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of Restricted Areas R–4501A, R–4501B, R– 4501C, R–4501D, R–4501F, and R–4501H; Fort Leonard Wood, MO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0640)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2592. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (23); Amdt. No. 3650’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2593. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 95 In-strument Flight Rules; Miscellaneous Amendment No. 521’’ (RIN2120–AA63) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2594. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (22); Amdt. No. 3647’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2595. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.026 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6464 September 8, 2015 
law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard 
Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (54); Amdt. No. 3648’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-
ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2596. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (6); Amdt. No. 3649’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2597. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the West Yakutat District of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE064) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2598. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Groundfish Fishery by Non-Rockfish Program Catcher Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Western and Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE064) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2599. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Squids in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE072) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2600. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Surfclam and Ocean Quahog Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–BD64) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2601. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Tri-mester Total Allowable Catch area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648– XE073) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2602. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; 2015 At-lantic Bluefish Specifications’’ (RIN0648– XD742) received during adjournment of the 
Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2603. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Clo-sure of the Mid-Atlantic Access Area to Gen-eral Category Individual Fishing Quota Scal-lop Vessels’’ (RIN0648–XE084) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2604. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XD079) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2605. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; North Atlantic Swordfish Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE005) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2606. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE007) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2607. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fish-eries; 2015 Bigeye Tuna Longline Fishery Closure in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648–XD972) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2608. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits in Longline Fisheries for 2015’’ (RIN0648–BF19) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2609. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pe-lagic Resources in the Gulf of Mexico and At-lantic Regional Framework Amendment’’ (RIN0648–BE40) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2610. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-
suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Highly Mi-gratory Species Fisheries; Recreational 
Fishing Restrictions for Pacific Bluefin Tuna’’ (RIN0648–BE78) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2611. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acetic Acid; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9930–20– OCSPP) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2612. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fludioxonil; Pesticide Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9930–06–OCSPP) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2613. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hexythiazox; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9931–30–OCSPP) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2614. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cranberries Grown in States of Massachusetts, et al.; Revising Determina-tion of Sales History’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV– 14–0091; FV15–929–1 FR) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2615. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Asian Longhorned Beetle Quar-antine Areas in Massachusetts and New York’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2015–0016) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2616. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fruit, Vegetable, and Specialty Crops—Import Regulations; Changes to Re-porting Requirements to Add Electronic Form Filing Option’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV– 14–0093; FV15–944/980/999–1 FR) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–2617. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Processed Raspberry Promotion, Research, and Information Order; Late Pay-ment and Interest Charges on Past Due As-sessments’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0042) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.026 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6465 September 8, 2015 
the Office of the President of the Senate on 
August 20, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2618. A communication from the Fed-
eral Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Limitations on Terms of Consumer Credit Extended to Service Members and De-pendents; Final Rule’’ (RIN0790–AJ10) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 20, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2619. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Contracts or Delivery Or-ders Issued by a Non-DoD Agency’’ ((RIN0750–AI63) (DFARS Case 2014–D014)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2620. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Contractor Personnel Sup-porting U.S. Armed Forces Deployed Outside the United States’’ ((RIN0750–AI45) (DFARS Case 2014–D023)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–2621. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Use of Military Construc-tion Funds’’ ((RIN0750–AI52) (DFARS Case 2014–D006)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–2622. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Acquisition of the Amer-ican Flag’’ ((RIN0750–AI51) (DFARS Case 2014–D005)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–2623. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Network Penetration Re-porting and Contracting for Cloud Services’’ ((RIN0750–AI61) (DFARS Case 2013–D018)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2624. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Item Unique Identification Prescription Correction’’ ((RIN0750–AI65) (DFARS Case 2014–D021)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2625. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Richard P. Mills, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of 
lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2626. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General David R. Hogg, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2627. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of two (2) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier gen-eral, as indicated, in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2628. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–2629. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Methane Sulfonic Acid; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9931–07–OCSPP) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 14, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2630. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Lavanduly Senecioate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9930–16–OCSPP) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 14, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2631. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Data Requirements Rule for the 2010 1-Hour Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9930–18–OAR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2632. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2633. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Haz-ards’’ (RIN3064–AE27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2634. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to operation of the Exchange Stabilization Fund (ESF) for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2635. A communication from the Chair 
of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Presidential $1 Coin Program’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs. 
EC–2636. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of a national emergency declared in Executive Order 13222 with respect to the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2637. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the continuation of the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13396 on February 7, 2006, with respect to Cote d’Ivoire; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2638. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Division of Trading and Markets, Se-curities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Registration Process for Security- Based Swap Dealers and Major Security- Based Swap Participants’’ (RIN3235–AL05) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2639. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Division of Corporate Finance, Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pay Ratio Disclosure’’ (RIN3235– AL47) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2640. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Hazards; Final Rule’’ (RIN3133–AE40) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2641. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Chartering and Field of Membership Manual’’ (RIN3133– AE31) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2642. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Housing-Federal Hous-ing Commissioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Housing Administration (FHA): Up-dating Regulations Governing HUD Fees and the Financing of the Purchase and Installa-tion of Fire Safety Equipment in FHA-In-sured Healthcare Facilities’’ (RIN2502–AJ27) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 20, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2643. A communication from the Dep-
uty General Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘De-rivatives’’ (RIN3133–AD90) received during 
adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 20, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2644. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Russian Sanctions Addition to the Entity List to Prevent Violations of Russian Industry Sec-tor Sanctions’’ (RIN0694–AG66) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.027 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6466 September 8, 2015 
of the President of the Senate on August 20, 
2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2645. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015–2017 Enterprise Housing Goals’’ (RIN2590–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2646. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Freedom of In-formation Act Regulation’’ (RIN2501–AD57) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2647. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–2648. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a final report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13617 of June 25, 2012, with respect to Russia; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2649. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to the Export Administration Regula-tions: Removal of Special Comprehensive Li-cense Provisions’’ (RIN0694–AG13) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2650. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2651. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Clothes Washers’’ ((RIN1904–AC97) (Docket No. EERE–2013–BT–TP–0009)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–2652. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, U.S. Energy Information Ad-ministration, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum and Petroleum Products Produced in Coun-tries Other Than Iran’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2653. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Prod-ucts: Definitions and Standards for Grid-En-abled Water Heaters’’ ((RIN1904–AD55) (Docket No. EERE–2015–BT–STD–0017)) re-
ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2654. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Auxiliary Installations, Replacement Facili-ties, and Siting and Maintenance Regula-tions’’ ((RIN1902–0128) (Docket No. RM12–11– 003)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2655. A communication from the De-
partmental Privacy Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Privacy Act Regulations; Exemp-tion for the Indian Arts and Crafts Board’’ (RIN1090–AB10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2656. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief of the National Forest System, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the final map and boundary for the Grande Ronde Wild and Scenic River in Oregon, added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–2657. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for External Power Supplies’’ ((RIN1904–AD36) (Docket No. EERE–2014–BT–TP–0043)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2658. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Se-questration Update Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Committee on Ethics; Fi-nance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judiciary; Rules and Administration; Small Business and Entrepreneurship; and Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING 
ADJOURNMENT 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of August 5, 2015, the fol-lowing reports of committees were sub-mitted on August 28, 2015: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment. 
S. 1251. A bill to implement the Amend-
ment to the Convention on Future Multilat-eral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, as adopted at Lisbon, Portugal on September 28, 2007 (Rept. No. 114–120). 
S. 1315. A bill to protect the right of law- 
abiding citizens to transport knives inter-state, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions (Rept. No. 114–121). By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs, without amendment: 
S. 1493. A bill to provide for an increase, ef-
fective December 1, 2015, in the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–122). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: 
Report to accompany H.R. 1531, A bill to 
amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–123). 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1137. A bill to amend title 35, United 
States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and tech-nical corrections, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 36 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 36, a bill to address the continued threat posed by dangerous synthetic drugs by amending the Con-trolled Substances Act relating to con-trolled substance analogues. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to pro-vide States with the option of pro-viding services to children with medi-cally complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 417 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 417, a bill to encourage spectrum li-censees to make unused spectrum available for use by rural and smaller carriers in order to expand wireless coverage. 
S. 520 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 520, a bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conserva-tion Act to reauthorize the Act. 
S. 559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.028 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6467 September 8, 2015 
S. 559, a bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of Education from engaging in regu-latory overreach with regard to insti-tutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 626 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 626, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physician services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Medicaid beneficiaries to appro-priate quality foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to mod-ify the requirements for diabetic shoes to be included under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 741 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 741, a bill to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a pro-gram of awarding grants to owners or operators of water systems to increase the resiliency or adaptability of the systems to any ongoing or forecasted changes to the hydrologic conditions of a region of the United States. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital to-ward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 928, a bill to reauthor-ize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal jus-tice, juvenile justice, veterans treat-ment services, mental health treat-ment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1126, a bill to modify and extend the National Guard State Partnership Program. 
S. 1135 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1135, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for fairness in hospital pay-ments under the Medicare program. 
S. 1150 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1150, a bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the eth-anol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1333, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of mari-huana, and for other purposes. 
S. 1375 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1375, a bill to designate as wil-derness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Pla-teau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1504 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1504, a bill to prohibit em-ployers from requiring low-wage em-ployees to enter into covenants not to compete, to require employers to no-tify potential employees of any re-quirement to enter into a covenant not to compete, and for other purposes. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate discrimi-nation and promote women’s health and economic security by ensuring rea-sonable workplace accommodations for workers whose ability to perform the 
functions of a job are limited by preg-nancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1608 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1608, a bill to protect the safety of the national airspace system from the hazardous operation of con-sumer drones, and for other purposes. 
S. 1631 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1631, a bill to amend the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify certain provi-sions relating to multiemployer pen-sions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and political subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1812 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1812, a bill to protect public safety by incentivizing State and local law en-forcement to cooperate with Federal immigration law enforcement to pre-vent the release of criminal aliens into communities. 
S. 1830 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1830, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family therapist services and mental health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1832 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1832, a bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.020 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6468 September 8, 2015 
S. 1836 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1836, a bill to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1842, a bill to ensure State and local compliance with all Federal immigra-tion detainers on aliens in custody and for other purposes. 
S. 1844 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1844, a bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for voluntary country of origin labeling for beef, pork, and chicken. 
S. 1852 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1852, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure health insurance coverage continuity for former foster youth. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employ-ees of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 1878 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1878, a bill to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. 
S. 1886 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1886, a bill to reauthor-ize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 and for other purposes. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1919, a bill to amend the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for cov-erage of specific items and services, to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activi-ties, and for other purposes. 
S. 1932 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. CRAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1932, a bill to provide States with flexi-bility to use Federal IV–E funding for State child welfare programs to im-prove safety, permanency, and well- being outcomes for all children who need child welfare services. 
S. 1944 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1944, a bill to require each agency to repeal or amend 1 or more rules be-fore issuing or amending a rule. 
S. 1955 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1955, a bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to pro-vide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans. 
S. 1957 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1957, a bill to require the Attorney General to provide State offi-cials with access to criminal history information with respect to certain fi-nancial service providers required to undergo State criminal background checks, and for other purposes. 
S. 1966 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1966, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require alternative op-tions for program delivery. 
S. 1981 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1981, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to prohibit the use of consumer credit checks against pro-spective and current employees for the purposes of making adverse employ-ment decisions. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) and the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. RES. 108 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 108, a resolution commemo-rating the discovery of the polio vac-cine and supporting efforts to eradicate the disease. 
S. RES. 237 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 237, a resolution condemning Joseph Kony and the Lord’s Resistance Army for continuing to perpetrate 
crimes against humanity, war crimes, and mass atrocities, and supporting on-going efforts by the United States Gov-ernment, the African Union, and gov-ernments and regional organizations in central Africa to remove Joseph Kony and Lord’s Resistance Army com-manders from the battlefield and pro-mote protection and recovery of af-fected communities. 
S. RES. 242 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Minnesota 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ), the Sen-
ator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), the Senator 
from California (Mrs. B OXER ), the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the 
Senator from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ) 
and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. Res. 242, a resolution celebrating 25 years of success from the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health. 
S. RES. 245 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. C ASEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 245, a resolution designating the week begin-ning September 13, 2015, as ‘‘National Direct Support Professionals Recogni-tion Week’’. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2640. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
SA 2641. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2640 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint resolution 
H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2642. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2641 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
2640 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the joint 
resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2643. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2644. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2643 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint resolution 
H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2645. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2646. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2645 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint resolution 
H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2647. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2646 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
2645 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the joint 
resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.021 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6469 September 8, 2015 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2640. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; as follows: 
Strike line three and all that follows and 
insert: 
That Congress does not favor the agree-
ment transmitted by the President to Con-gress on July 19, 2015, under subsection (a) of section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2160e) for purposes of prohibiting the taking of any action involving any meas-ure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to such agreement under subsection (c)(2)(B) of such section. 
SA 2641. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2640 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; as fol-lows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2642. MCCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2641 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amend-
ment SA 2640 proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 
61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 2643. MCCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2644. MCCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2643 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint 
resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the 
employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘4’’. 
SA 2645. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 5 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2646. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2645 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
SA 2647. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2646 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 2645 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint resolution H.J. 
Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 35TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Small Business Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consider-ation of S. Res. 243. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 243) celebrating the 
35th anniversary of the Small Business De-velopment Centers of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-
sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 243) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of August 5, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand appointments were made during the adjournment of the Senate, and I ask they be stated for the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appoints the following Member to serve on the Congressional-Executive Com-mission on the People’s Republic of China: the Honorable B
ENSASSE of Ne-
braska. 
The Chair, on behalf of the majority 
leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appoints the following in-dividual to the Congressional Award Board: David Schiappa of Maryland. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 9, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, Sep-tember 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.J. Res. 61, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; fur-ther, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that the time from 2:15 p.m. until 7 p.m. also be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees and that the time from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m. be controlled by the Democrats and the time from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. be controlled by the majority. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:25 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, September 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.023 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6470 September 8, 2015 
THE JUDICIARY  
CLARE E. CONNORS, OF HAWAII, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF HAWAII, VICE SUSAN OKI MOLLWAY, RETIRING. 
STEPHANIE A. GALLAGHER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MARYLAND, VICE WILLIAM D. QUARLES, JR., RETIRING. 
MARY S. MCELROY, OF RHODE ISLAND, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF RHODE ISLAND, VICE MARY M. LISI, RETIRING. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
EDWARD L. GILMORE, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES MARSHAL FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF IL-LINOIS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DARRYL KEITH MCPHERSON, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL E. FLANAGAN 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DAVID W. SILVA II 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PHILIP R. SHERIDAN 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TIMOTHY J. LABARGE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KRISTAN L. K. HERICKS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JODY J. DANIELS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KYLE J. WELD 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MATTHEW P. TARJICK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JONATHAN S. ACKISS CORNELIUS L. ALLEN, JR. JONATHAN E. ALLEN REGAN J. ALLEN JACQUELINE E. BAIRD CHRISTOPHER W. BAKER KAREN A. BAKER PATRICK J. BAKER JACKSON L. BALL THERON P. BALLARD JEROME K. BARNARD CHRISTOPHER P. BARTOS RICHARD T. BASYE PAUL B. BEDNAR JASON A. BERDOU DANIEL J. BIDETTI WALTER M. BIELECKI BOYD R. BINGHAM CHAD J. BLACKETER RON L. BLANCH BRYAN A. BLITCH DANGELO A. BLOUNT JAMES E. BLUMAN THOMAS R. BOLAND FREEMAN T. BONNETTE ALFRED S. BOONE JOSEPH M. BOROVICKA PETER C. BOYER HENRY C. BROWN 
MIRYAM D. C. BRUNSON PAUL F. BUSHEY PETER A. CAGGIANO II SHAWN M. CALVERT JOSIEL CARRASQUILLOMORALES JEFFREY P. CHAMBERLAIN MARTIN J. CHEMAN MICHAEL C. CHERRY JASON C. CHRISTENSON STEPHEN L. CHRISTIAN ERIC P. CHRISTIANSEN, JR. HEATHER J. CLANCY JAMES G. CLARK WILLIAM J. CLARK ERIC S. CLARKE JOHN D. CLEMONS JARED L. CLINGER ANDY R. CLINKSCALES FRANKIE C. COCHIAOSUE KIM M. COHEN ADAM J. COLLINS JAMES D. COOK ARMANDO V. CORRAL CHRISTOPHER COURTLAND BRIAN M. COZINE DANA E. CROW STEPHEN M. CROW LANCE J. CULVER SHERMOAN L. DAIYAAN KENNETH R. DARNALL PAUL R. DAVIS LARRY R. DEAN VICTOR M. DIAZ III MICHAEL D. DOLGE BRIAN T. DONAHUE JOHN C. DOSS AMY E. DOWNING GERALD J. D. DUENAS THERESA L. ELLISON PATRICK C. EVANS 
BRYAN J. FENCL GREGORY A. FEND KIMBERLY A. FERGUSON DAWN M. FICK ALAIN G. FISHER MARC J. FLEURANT CASSANDRA N. FORRESTER MISTI L. FRODYMA ALEXANDER GARCIA OMAR GARCIA VINCENTE GARCIA CHAE GAYLES JAMES J. GEISHAKER MATTHEW M. GOMEZ ERIC M. GOULDTHORPE JOSEPH A. GRANDE, JR. JESSIE K. GRIFFITH III ADAM M. GRIM STEVEN D. GUTIERREZ THOMAS W. HAAS TODD C. HANKS SCOTT E. HELMORE BROOK E. HESS LUCAS S. HIGHTOWER CHRISTOPHER M. HILL ROBERT T. HOFFMAN DAVID L. HOSLER JOHN A. HOTEK JAMES E. HOWELL III CHRISTOPHER S. HOWSER MICAH R. HUTCHINS ANGELA B. HYSON JEFFREY J. IGNATOWSKI SEAN P. IMBS JEFFREY J. JABLONSKI FENICIA L. JACKSON CHARLES V. JAQUILLARD SEANA M. JARDIN BRIAN L. JETER CHRISTOPHER D. JOHNSON LARRY P. JOHNSON DAVID W. JONES RONALD M. JONES VERNON L. JONES, JR. MICHAEL T. JORDAN JENNIFER S. KARIM MICHAEL T. KIM BRIAN M. KNIERIEM STEPHEN T. KOEHLER CODY W. KOERWITZ ANDREW T. KOSCHNIK WILLIAM R. KOST THOMAS D. KRUPP MATTHEW L. KUHNS WESLEY J. KWASNEY WILLIAM E. LAASE HEATHER D. LABRECQUE JUAN C. LAGO BARRCARY J. LANE TYRONNE G. LASTRAPES JOEL K. LEFLORE CLAIRE LINDLEY CARLOS A. LOCK JAMES T. LOCKLEAR CHRISTOPHER S. LOWERY JEFFREY L. LUCOWITZ THOMAS R. LUTZ BRIAN W. MACK CARMELO T. MADERA STEPHEN MAGNER MICHAEL R. MAI PATRICK M. MAJOR ANTHONY P. MARANTE JESSE R. MARSALIS RICHARD J. MARSDEN KATIE E. MATTHEW ROLAND L. MATTHEWS 
JULIE A. MAXWELL RAMIRO MAYA, JR. ASUERO N. MAYO, JR. MARLON MCBRIDE SHANNON T. MCCRORY CHRISTOPHER S. MCLEAN DANIELLE R. MEDAGLIA JONATHAN W. MEISEL MICHAEL K. MEUMANN ANDREW J. MEYERS JASON L. MILES MARVIN B. MILLAR SAMUEL R. MILLER ZACHARY T. MILLER JEFF R. MILNE DAVID A. MITCHELL KEITH C. MIXON FAMARLON L. MOBLEY LATASHA L. MOODYLOVE CHRISTOPHER L. MOORE RICHARD B. MOORE SHANE A. MORRIS JOHN A. MOTT JESSICA L. MURNOCK DEREK S. NEAL RANDALL W. NEWMAN MICHELLE D. NHAMBURE SHAWN M. OBRIEN ROSENDO PAGAN PHILBERT J. PALMORE MATTHEW C. PAUL ANTHONY J. PETE KEVIN D. PIERCE MARTIN P. PLYS, JR. KEVIN A. POOLE EUGENE T. PORTER PHILLIP B. POTEET STEVEN POWER MATTHEW A. PRICE RHEA M. PRITCHETT ANDRES R. RAMIREZ III ELDRED K. RAMTAHAL LUKE RICHARDS SEAN R. RICHARDSON MICHAEL K. RILEY JAMES R. RITCH DOMINGOS S. ROBINSON LEON L. ROGERS ORLANDO R. ROJASBANREY GEORGE W. ROLLINSON GILBERTO C. ROLON ANGEL R. ROSADOPADILLA JOSEPH L. ROSEN CHRISTOPHER M. ROZHON DINA D. RUCK THOMAS H. RUTH III JESSICA M. SALGADO SHAWN D. SANBORN MICHAEL A. SANSONE DONALD C. SANTILLO 
NATHAN R. SAWYER JOHN M. SCHMITT DENNIS L. SHELDEN ERIC L. SHEPHERD JASON L. SHICK JESSICA A. SHUEY SAMSON T. SIDER STEPHANIE R. M. SIMMONS BRUCE A. SKRABANEK ALLEN M. SLITER JOHN K. SNYDER PIERRE A. SPRATT SHANNON V. STAMBERSKY RONALD H. STEWART, JR. JOHN B. STRINGER, JR. DOMINIC J. TANGLAO DAVID L. TAYLOR, JR. FRANYATE D. TAYLOR MICHAEL J. THIESFELD DAVID L. THOMPSON STEPHEN A. THORPE JOHN S. THYNG MIGUEL A. TORRES ANDRE L. TOUSSAINT ANITA R. TREPANIER TIMOTHY S. TROYER THOMAS J. TROYN DENNIS J. UTT BERNARD D. VANBROCKLIN CHRISTOPHER K. VENTERS WILLIAM H. VICK, JR. CLAUDE E. WALKER DAMON K. WALKER BARRY L. WALSH, JR. JEREMY H. WEESTRAND DONNA L. I. WELCH MATTHEW R. WESTERN ANTHONY K. WHITFIELD CARL D. WHITMAN, JR. DENNIS F. WILLIAMS TERRENCE A. WILLIAMS ANTHONY L. WILSON GORDON L. WILSON MELVIN E. WRIGHTSIL MICHAEL D. WROBLEWSKI JENNIFER R. ZAIS D011349 D011462 D011538 D011859 D012121 D012472 D012659 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.003 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6471 September 8, 2015 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL H. ADORJAN 
JOHN M. AGUILAR, JR. MATTHEW J. ALDEN JOSEPH E. ANDERSON JAKUB H. ANDREWS OKERA G. ANYABWILE LANCE D. AWBREY CHARLES R. AYERS MARK A. G. AYSON THOMAS A. BABBITT MICHAEL J. BANCROFT REBEKAH L. BARNES PALOMA C. BEAUSOLEIL CRAIG R. BENDER WAYNE L. BLAS THOMAS J. BLOOMFIELD TODD A. BOOK CRYSTAL X. BORING DAVID M. BORNN BRETT J. BOSTON ANASTASIA BRESLOWKYNASTON ROBERT E. BREWER JAMES B. BRINDLE MICHAEL A. BROCK BYRON J. BROWN JEANETTE P. A. BROWN JOSEPH G. BRUHL THOMAS E. BURNEY, JR. JASON E. BURNS MALCOLM S. BUSH STEVEN R. CALDER SILAS J. CALHOUN CHARLES H. CANON KEVIN K. CARLILE WILLIAM E. CARRUTH EDWARD M. CERER, SR. PETER C. J. CHARBONNEAU SCOTT T. CHILDERS MELVIN A. CHISOLM JOSEPH C. CHRETIEN 
ROBERT H. CHUNG HEATHER A. CLEVENGER CHRISTOPHER L. CLINE MARK A. COBOS JASON R. CODY CRAIG C. COLUCCI JENNIFER J. COLVIN CLAYTON L. COMBS JOSHUA J. CONNER STEPHEN F. CORTEZ RUSSELL M. CORWIN JAMES A. COVINGTON, JR. GEORGE W. COWLES III GEOFFREY B. CRAFTS THERESA K. E. CROSS MICHAEL E. CUSHWA JOHN H. DABOLT IV RICHARD J. DANGELO BRIAN L. DAVID RICHARD A. DAVILA, JR. BRIAN R. DAVIS ROBERT A. DEES RAYMOND G. DELUCIO ANDREW C. DERMANOSKI BRENDON K. DEVER TYPHANIE Y. DIAL RICHARD M. DIXON, JR. INDIRA R. DONEGAN JULIA M. DONLEY MICHAEL B. DORSCHNER GABRIEL R. DOWNEY II JONATHAN T. DRAKE BRIAN P. DUNN DAMON J. M. DURALL DENTON L. DYE CHRISTOPHER I. EASTBURG HEINZ EDER JAMES T. EDWARDS, JR. ELIAS L. EL ORM ADAM W. ENNIS JAMES R. ENOS DARIUS D. ERVIN DEVIN H. ESELIUS CRAIG L. EVANS LEE A. EVANS REGINALD K. EVANS NEIL C. EVERINGHAM BENJAMIN J. FERNANDES CHANTAL A. FIELDMAN JASON C. FINCH JEREMY J. FINN JAMES C. FINOCCHIARO DANIEL R. FITCH GREGORY B. FITCH STANLEY FLORKOWSKI NORA L. FLOTT ERIC S. FOWLER BRIAN D. FRULAND CHAD W. FURNE SUSAN M. GALICH KEVIN W. GARFIELD BENJAMIN T. GATZKE HEATH A. GIESECKE KEITH M. GIESEKE EVANS L. GILLIARD MATTHEW D. GIOVANNI STACY H. GODSHALL GARY J. GOLUBSKI JASON A. GONZALES MIGUEL A. GONZALEZQUINONES NATHAN K. GOODALL BENNETT GREEN CASON S. GREEN DANIEL S. GREEN MATTHEW R. GREGORY JOHN C. GRISWOLD 
JOSIAH T. GROVER PATRICK B. GROW DOUGLAS B. GUARD ERIC H. HAAS JASON B. HAIGHT DAVID L. HALL TODD J. HAMEL ALISON M. HAMILTON SCOTT P. HANDLER DAVID B. HANSEN JENNIFER H. HARLAN JEREMY D. HARTUNG BRIAN P. HAYES DAVID C. HAZELTON ELIZABETH J. HELLAND JAMES R. HENRY ALEXCIE A. HERBERT JANET L. HERRICK DOUGLAS C. HESS DUSTIN G. HEUMPHREUS CAROL M. HICKEY ULEKEYA S. HILL CHRISTOPHER S. HOBGOOD JAMES M. HOFFMAN II JARED A. HOFFMAN CHARLES D. HOOD TIMOTHY A. HUNT RICHARD A. HUNTER PATRICK J. O. HUSTED DANIEL P. HUYNH TIMOTHY A. HYDE ZACHARY P. HYLEMAN ZACHARY T. IRVINE CHRISTOPHER J. IWAN MATTHEW R. JENSEN CHRISTOPHER L. JOHNSON CRAIG W. JOHNSON LONNIE D. JOHNSTON PAUL D. JOHNSTON BRYAN G. JUNTUNEN 
JEFFREY M. KALDAHL BRANT E. KANANEN CRISTIAN A. KEELS CURTIS J. KELLOGG JULIE A. KELLUM ROY D. KEMPF JOEL P. KLEEHAMMER MATTHEW E. KOPP ADAM M. KORDISH ANDREW M. KOVANEN CHRISTINA J. KRETCHMAN JUSTINE S. KRUMM JOSEPH R. KRUPA KRISTOFER H. KVAM STEVEN J. LACY VINCENT C. LAI JEFFREY J. LAKNER KYLE W. LANDS JAMES F. LAWSON PATRICK Y. K. LEE MICHAEL D. LOVE CHRISTOPHER J. LOWRANCE QUAN H. T. LU JOSE A. LUGOPEREZ BRIAN P. LUTI POLARIS X. LUU THANG V. LY CAMILLE L. MACK JAVIER MADRIGAL NATHAN M. MANN PHILLIP G. MANN KYLE B. MARCRUM ERIC J. MARION NATHAN D. MARTIN ANGELICA R. MARTINEZ MICHAEL C. MAYS BRIAN A. MCCALL CHRISTOPHER S. MCCLURE KEVIN J. MCCULLAGH MICHAEL E. MCINERNEY SHAWN P. MCMAHON PATRICK B. MCNEACE TIMOTHY T. MEASNER THOMAS H. MELTON II MARC T. MEYLE ROBERT Y. MIHARA JANIS C. MIKITS CHRISTOPHER J. MILLER ERIC W. MILLER ANGEL I. MIRANDA BOUNYASITH MITTHIVONG WILLIAM C. MOODY LOUIS A. MORRIS TIMOTHY J. MORROW GREGORY W. NAPOLI MICHAEL P. NEEDHAM SCOTT J. NELSON DAVID L. NEWELL HAC D. NGUYEN JACOB P. NINAS RYAN C. NOMURA MARGARET A. NOWICKI ROBERT A. NOWICKI DAVID P. OAKLEY TIMOTHY S. OBRYANT SHERRY K. OEHLER BRIAN W. OERTEL JOSEPH E. OHANLON III IRVIN W. OLIVER, JR. ELLIOT H. OLMSTEAD EDWARD ORTIZVAZQUEZ JAMON B. OSBORNE RAMON J. OSORIO STERLING J. PACKER ROMEL C. PAJIMULA RAFAL PANASIUK PETER A. PATTERSON 
GREGORY J. PAVLICHKO CARLOS PENA, JR. ROBERT C. PERRY, JR. FOLDEN L. PETERSON, JR. ERNEST S. PETROWSKY MICHAEL A. POE JOHN F. POPIAK KARLA J. PORCH PHILLIP D. PORTER JEREMIAH K. PRAY DAVID J. PRICE JEFFREY A. PROKOPOWICZ MANUEL F. PULIDO GABRIEL J. RAMIREZ ANGELA E. REBER JOHN M. REEDER THOMAS R. RENNER BLANCA E. REYES ISMAEL REYES KRISTINA L. RICHARDSON KEVIN T. RILEY MELISSA A. RINGHISEN BART C. RITCHEY ANDRE G. RIVIER KILLAURIN O. ROBERTS DANIEL H. ROBINSON THEODORE M. RODILL, JR. SHANE A. ROPPOLI MATTHEW R. RUCKMAN BRADLEY S. RUDDER ANDREW M. RUIZ TIMOTHY D. RUSTAD MICHAEL S. RYAN JIMMY C. SALAZAR JESSE L. SANDEFER BENJAMIN F. SANGSTER HERIBERTO SANTIAGOACEVEDO MICHAEL A. SAPP RACHEL E. SARLES TIMOTHY M. SAWYER 
KENNETH A. SCERBO TINA M. SCHOENBERGER PATRICK M. SCHOOF LLOYD D. SCOTT MICHAEL B. SHATTAN RYAN L. SHAW PAUL E. SHERMAN JOHN W. SHERMER JOSEPH J. SHIMERDLA RYAN C. SHIPLEY ELDRIDGE R. SINGLETON DENNIS B. SLATON DAVID J. SMITH MATTHEW B. SMITH SCOTT A. SMITSON HOWARD M. SMYTH MELISSA A. SOLSBURY ISAAC M. SOUTH JAYSON R. SPANGLER ROBERT J. SPIVEY JULIAN P. STAMPS DANIEL R. STANTON III ROTUNDA K. STOKES MICHAEL A. STONE CECIL A. STRICKLAND TISSA L. STROUSE JORDON E. SWAIN JOHN SYERS WILLIAM C. TAYLOR MICHAEL J. TEMKO JOSHUA W. THIBEAULT CHRISTOPHER J. THOENDEL LESLIE W. THOMPSON ALAN W. THROOP STANLEY O. THURSTON ANTHONY L. TINGLE STEVEN L. TINGLEY THOMAS E. TOLMAN CATARINA J. TRAN PAUL E. TROY WILLIAM E. TURNER AUGUSTUS O. TUTU, JR. JEFFREY B. VANSICKLE KEITH S. VANYO ALEXANDER S. VINDMAN RYAN K. WAINWRIGHT KEITH W. WALTHALL MARK E. WARDER ALAN R. WARMBIER DENNIS D. WATTERS, JR. JAMES R. WEARE KEITH B. WEIDNER JAMES W. WELCH BRIAN S. WESTERFIELD SHAWN E. WHITMORE JARROD P. WICKLINE CHRISTOPHER M. WILKINSON FREDRICK O. WILLIAMS PAUL M. WILLIAMS NORMAN L. WILSON II LISA L. WINEGAR CLIFFORD M. WOODBURN WILLIAM C. WRIGHT JUN Y. YI MATTHEW C. YIENGST WILLIAM T. YOUNG DOUGLAS W. ZIMMERMAN D002999 D011942 D012030 D012034 D012047 D012183 D012283 D012292 D012622 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.004 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6472 September 8, 2015 
G001139 
G001378 G010029 G010052 G010108 G010299 G010301 G010310 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MATTHEW T. ADAMCZYK DEVON F. ADKINSON, JR. 
MATTHEW J. ALBERTUS GREGORY K. ALEXANDER NATHAN G. ALLARD KELLY T. ALLEN TERRENCE J. ALVAREZ JUSTIN C. AMBURGEY RUSSELL J. AMES BENJAMIN L. ANDERSON JASON G. ANDERSON SPENCER M. ANDERSON JAMES E. ARMSTRONG III JOHN M. AUTEN III VICTOR M. BAEZAN III ANDREW J. BAKER JOHN L. BAKER, JR. MICHAEL L. BANDY JEROME A. BARBOUR AARON D. BARREDA JEFFREY J. BARTA MARK A. BARTON MARK E. BATTJES SHAWN M. BAULT RICHARD E. BAYLIE DANIEL K. BENSON MICHAEL R. BERRIMAN ANTHONY J. BIANCHI JOHN D. BISHOP RHETT A. BLACKMON SCOTT R. BLANCHARD CHARLES D. BOVEY III MARTIN J. BOWLING KEVIN B. BOWMAN DONALD T. BRAMAN JESSIE J. BREWSTER AARON D. BRIGHT NICOLE A. BROOKS MATTHEW M. BROWN JAMES L. BROWNING MARK A. BRZOZOWSKI TROY C. BUCHER NICHOLAS T. BUGAJSKI WILLIAM BURDEN REED A. BURGGRABE JEFFERY T. BURROUGHS CRAIG W. BUTERA KARL R. BUTLER CHAD W. CALDWELL PEDRO A. CAMACHO III CHRISTOPHER D. CARPENTIER BARRY S. CARTER KEITH L. CARTER JOHANNES E. CASTRO LARRY D. CASWELL, JR. DONALD L. CHERRY, JR. MATTHEW B. CHITTY LAURENCE J. CHRISTIAN STEPHEN L. CLOWER CHRISTOPHER H. CLYDE CLINTON R. CODY DAVID S. COLLINS XAVIER COLON MICHAEL R. CONDON KATE M. H. CONKEY DAVID M. CONNER JOSEPH F. CONNOLLY III CHRISTINA N. COOK JAMES P. COOK WILLIAM F. CORYELL THOMAS B. CRAIG JARED A. CRAIN MARK J. CROW AUSTIN S. CRUZ BRENDAN J. CULLINAN AARON J. CULP JOE D. CURTIS KRISTEN N. DAHLE TODD M. DANIELS DAVID P.T. DAVID HENRY B. DAVIS IV JOHN B. DAVIS III VICTOR D. DEESE CHRISTOPHER J. DEMURE KIRBY R. DENNIS ETHAN P. DIAL JEFFREY P. DIMARZIO ETHAN J. DIVEN AARON B. DIXON STEPHEN G. DOBBINS THOMAS P. DONATELLE WILLIAM J. DOUGHERTY KENNETH M. DWYER JONATHAN G. ELIAS AARON C. ELLIOTT ROBERT L. ELLIOTT CHRISTOPHER M. ELLIS JOSEPH E. ELSNER DANIEL C. ENSLEN CHARLES E. ERGENBRIGHT FRANK J. FAIR DENNIS W. FAULKNER WHITNEY O. FEES BRIAN A. FERGUSON 
TIMOTHY J. FERGUSON JOHN V. FERRY MICHAEL C. FIRMIN JUDDSON C. FLORIS MICHAEL J. FOOTE CHARLES A. FORD MICHAEL J. FORTENBERRY THOMAS J. FOURNIER GREGORY R. FOXX DAVID C. FREEMAN REID E. FURMAN ANTERRIO C. GAINWELL JOHN D. GARCIA SEAMUS P. GARRETT DANIEL A. GATES TIMOTHY D. GATLIN ROGER A. GAVRILUK CASEY T. GEIST MICHAEL J. GEORGE JOHN G. GIBSON ERIC J. GILGE ANTHONY F. GIORDANO COREY A. GIVENS THOMAS A. GOETTKE JONATHAN P. GRAEBENER DAVID J. GRAHAM PAUL M. GRANT PETER M. GRAY CHARLES A. GREEN BRANDON S. GRIFFIN TERRY D. HAHN DANIEL S. HALL LARRY C. HALSEY BRET M. HAMILTON JOSEPH R. HAMMOND CHRISTOPHER C. HAMMONDS ALAN M. HAMMONS JODY D. HANSEN WILLIAM G. HANSEN RYAN M. HANSON 
ELLIOTT R. HARRIS JAMES J. HART JONATHAN P. HARVEY JAMES P. HARWELL JIMMY L. HATHAWAY BEAU A. HENDRICKS JAMES H. HITE IV MATTHEW B. HOLMES BRIAN A. HOOKS MATTHEW D. HOPPER JOHN P. HORNING KRISTOPHER H. HOWELL WILBUR W. HSU NATHAN M. HUBBARD TIMOTHY P. HUDSON DON P. HURSEY BRANDON J. IKER BRIAN A. JACOBS TIMOTHY R. JAEGER COREY M. JAMES ERIC M. JANKOWSKI MATTHEW J. JEMMOTT EDGAR A. JIMENEZ CAYTON L. JOHNSON ERIC B. JOHNSON RICHARD B. JOHNSON TRACY D. JOHNSON BRYAN C. JONES CULLEN A. JONES HUGH W. A. JONES KENNETH R. JONES KIRK J. JUNKER JOSEPH A. KATZ JAMES B. KAVANAUGH DANIEL P. KEARNEY COLLIN K. KEENAN JIM D. KEIRSEY MATTHEW F. KELLY RYAN C. KENDALL DANIEL R. KENT ADAM R. KEOWN JEFFREY J. KERSEY KEVIN J. KEY BRYAN R. KILBRIDE NGAN M. KIM ADISA T. KING CHRISTOPHER J. KIRKPATRICK ERIK A. KJONNEROD CHRISTOPHER D. KLEIN SAMUEL W. KLINE JONATHAN S. KLUCK ANDREW J. KNIGHT RYAN T. KRANC ERIC V. KREITZ JAMES L. KRUEGER KWENTON K. KUHLMAN SCOTT A. KUTSCHER JASON J. LAGEMAN MATTHEW A. LANDRUM CONNIE M. LANE SHOSHANNAH B. LANE JARRED M. LANG NEAL J. LAPE EDWARD B. LAROSA EDUARDO J. LARUMBE IAN J. LAUER JASON C. LAUER HARRIS T. LAWRENCE III JOSEPH E. LEACH ALEXANDER R. LEE MARK D. LEHENBAUER ANDREW J. LENNOX NATHAN L. LEWIS CHRISTOPHER D. LHEUREUX STEWART C. LINDSAY CHARLES M. LINGENFELTER DENNIS O. LOCKHART 
MICHAEL T. LOFTUS JOHN F. LORY BRADLEY S. LOUDON HARVEY R. LOWELL SEAN P. LUCAS KENT M. MACGREGOR SIMON A. MACIOCH AMANDA L. MACWHIRTER TOD T. MARCHAND ERIC W. MARHOVER CHRISTIAN M. MARIANI WILLIAM J. MARM BRYAN M. MARTIN LINDSAY R. C. MATTHEWS RYAN G. MAYFIELD SEAN M. MCBRIDE MARGARET L. MCGUNEGLE STEVEN B. MCGUNEGLE GEORGE C. MCINGVALE III MATTHEW P. MCQUILTON GLENN C. MCQUOWN III DAVID O. MCRAE BRIAN H. MEHAN NICHOLAS O. MELIN ERIC G. MELLOH ANN M. MEREDITH CHRISTOPHER J. MIDBERRY STEPHEN P. MIDKIFF WILLIAM J. MILLER TRAVIS W. MILLS TROY A. MILLS MICHAEL L. MINCE DANIEL D. MITCHELL GEORGE A. MITROKA III JEFFREY D. MIX CASEY M. MOES BRYAN M. MOFFATT NATHAN A. MOLICA HECTOR A. MONTEMAYOR TOMAS I. MOORE 
BENJAMIN L. MORALES DAVID W. MORGAN KENNETH S. MORLEY JOHN A. MORRIS III SHELDON A. MORRIS JAMES M. MOSS KYLE T. MOULTON KEVIN J. MOYER CHRISTOPHER MUGAVERO JAMES E. MULLIN III ZACHARY J. MUNDELL NEIL J. MYRES BRADLEY S. NELSON KURT L. NELSON PATRICK R. NELSON JOHN T. NEWMAN PATRIC A. NICHOLS CECIL C. NIX IV TOM M. NOBLE CHRISTOPHER S. NUNN BRIAN A. OBERG THERESE L. OBIDINSKI JOHN H. OBRIEN IV DAVID J. OHEARN JEFFREY S. PALAZZINI ANDY J. PANNIER KENT W. PARK JEROME A. PARKER KEVIN M. PAYNE JAMES H. B. PEAY IV MICHAEL M. PECINA JASON E. PELLETIER TIMOTHY N. PETERMAN JASON A. PIERI NORMAN L. POLLOCK MICHAEL A. PORCELLI AARON M. POULIN KEVIN R. PUGH GREGORY G. RALLS CHAD M. RAMSKUGLER MATTHEW S. RASMUSSEN ARIC J. RAUS TRAVIS J. RAYFIELD JOHN A. REDFORD CHRISTOPHER E. REICH STEPHEN A. RESCH LISA T. REYES JOSHUA R. RICHARDSON RANDY R. RIKER TYWANA D. ROBINSON KENNETH P. ROCKWELL STACY E. RODGERS EDUARDO D. RODRIGUEZ TIMMY L. ROSE DAVID B. ROWLAND AARON J. SADUSKY GREGORY SAKIMURA KEVIN A. SALGE JASON V. SAMA DAVID R. SANDOVAL BRIAN R. SAUL BRIAN D. SAWSER ADAM M. SAWYER MICHAEL A. SCHAAD VICTOR H. SCHARSTEIN NICHOLAS C. SCHENCK DEREK I. SCHMECK RYAN L. SCHROCK DAMON T. SCHWAN KHIRSTEN T. SCHWENN JAMES H. SCOTT III SEANEGAN P. SCULLEY JUAN C. C. SEGURA AARON C. SESSOMS JUSTIN J. SHAFFER DEVAN J. SHANNON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.006 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6473 September 8, 2015 
SHERRI L. SHARPE 
ROBERT M. SHAW COURTNEY A. SHORT DAVID E. SHORT SCOTT F. SIEGFRIED DAVID N. SIMMS SCOTT C. SINCLAIR ANDREW M. SLACK ADAM P. SMITH DEREK A. SMITH RONALD C. SMITH SCOTT C. SMITH WILLIAM H. SNOOK HYOKOOK SONG MATTHEW C. STANLEY ROBERT C. STANTON, JR. ANDREW C. STEADMAN PERRY O. STIEMKE JOHN C. STROH III GREGORY M. STROUD RACHEL D. V. SULLIVAN SHAWN D. SUMTER BRIAN E. SUPKO JOHNNY R. SUTTON III JEREM G. SWENDDAL SCOTT F. SWILLEY NATHAN E. SWINDLER GABRIEL A. SZODY JONATHAN P. TACKABERRY 
BENJAMIN A. TAYLOR KEVIN R. TAYLOR RICHARD P. TAYLOR FRANK TEDESCHI JOSHUA P. THIEL ISRAEL A. THOMPSON MASON D. THOMPSON ERIC L. TISLAND JASON M. TODD WILLIAM J. TOLBERT JASON C. TOOLE VICTOR J. TORRESFERNANDEZ ERIC A. TRESCHL GREGORY E. TURNER ROBERT E. UNDERWOOD III JAMES W. UPTGRAFT II JULIAN T. URQUIDEZ ALBERT A. VIGILANTE, JR. ANDREW K. VISSER ROGER P. WALESKI, JR. STEPHEN C. WALKER RUFUS D. WATSON CHRISTOPHER J. WEHRI SCOTT D. WENCE JOSEPH E. WESTERMAN MARCUS C. WHITE SONJA L. WHITEHEAD BRETT A. WIERSMA ANDREW J. WIKER JOHN M. R. WILCOX JAMES M. WILES CHARLES M. WILLIAMS ARLIN R. WILSHER III CHAD J. WITHERELL MARTIN A. WOHLGEMUTH BRYAN T. WOODY MATTHEW T. WORK FREDRICK J. WRIGHT, JR. CHRISTOPHER T. YOUNG BRION D. YOUTZ JAMES A. ZANELLA JONATHAN S. ZIMMER JAMES E. ZOIZACK D003114 D004286 D010085 D010375 D010646 D011051 D012327 D012380 D012386 D012387 D012593 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
GREGORY I. KELTS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
STEPHEN H. COOPER DAVID L. JOHNSON JOHN P. MAIER DOUGLAS P MARTIN JENNIFER R. MITCHELL MICHAELLE M. MUNGER RYAN T. PACE DAVID G. WORTMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LESLEY A. WATTS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
ENRIQUE R. ASUNCION 
VERNON D. BIBY ROBERT C. CARR CAROL Y. CHEEK LOWELL C. CORPUZ CLINTON FORD TIMOTHY J. SAXON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTIAN J. AUGER MICHAEL T. AUGUSTYN JOHN F. CASILIO JONATHON K. CHARFAUROS BRIAN W. CHRISTNER PETER J. A. DANCEL 
DANE C. ELLES EDWARD A. FOSSON DANIEL J. B. GUTIERREZ KATHRYN A. GUTIERREZ THOMAS D. HALLAM CARL A. HANSEN HEATHER M. HESS MICHAEL R. HIGHTOWER WESLEY J. HOWARD JOSEPH L. IACOVONE MATTHEW J. LENZER KIMBERLY I. MAZUR SETH T. MCGUIRE JAMES B. MCKELVIE RONNIE A. MOJZIS RACHAEL M. MUSSER ROSS A. PENROD AUSTIN A. RASBACH JASON R. RAY CHRISTOPHER A. SANDMEL TYLER R. SCHARAR JASON A. SCHECHTER JAMES O. SHAMBLEY RAFAEL E. SUAZO ROBERT M. SYRE SHAWN E. TALLEY RYAN W. THRUN RUSSELL B. TORGESEN TERRENCE G. WHITE BRYAN K. WILSON BILLY D. WOODWARD CHESTER J. WYCKOFF 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CARA M. ADDISON EMILEE K. BALDINI KRISTI H. BAO BRYAN C. BARLETTO RONISHA T. BEASLEY TIMOTHY D. BERGSTROM NATASHA T. BODE JESSICA J. BURRELL CHRISTINA R. CAETANO THERESA J. CHAMP ANDREW S. CLAYTON ROSS S. ERICSON KYLE FRALICK NICOLAUS C. GRUESEN PAUL T. HOCHMUTH, JR. LATHAM T. HUDSON TODD E. HUTCHINS PATRICK O. JACKSON MICHAEL E. JONES NICHOLAS J. KADLEC DANIEL B. LEARY JENNIFER L. MYERS AUDREY M. NICHOLS LEAH A. OBRIEN JASON A. PFEIL ZACHARY W. PRAGER MATTHEW T. RECTOR CHRISTOPHER M. REINTJES MARK W. RICHARDSON BRIAN F. ROACH JASPREET K. SAINI JULIE SHERMANDUMAIS URSULA M. C. SMITH JEREMY L. SNELLEN MALACHY J. SOLLER MATTHEW R. SONN BENITA E. STENTIFORD LEA E. SUAREZ PAUL H. THOMPSON AARON D. WALDO KEVIN M. WALKER ALEXANDER H. WANN DAVID W. WARNING JOEL A. WHITE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
OLUWAFADEKEMI N. ADEWETAN RICHARD D. BARTOL III JARED C. BECK ERIC L. BISCHOFF STEPHEN R. BLACK ROBERT J. BLOCK MICHAEL A. BOHMAN JOSEPH G. R. BOICE BRANDON K. CALLAWAY KARL M. CHANDLER 
ALAN H. S. CHEN ANTHONY Y. S. CHIA JAMES C. COMINSKY THOMAS G. COOPER PRESTON M. CRIDDLE TRACY A. DANTONIO CAITLIN D. DARCEY ROHIT K. DAVE HAI A. M. DOAN KRISTEN M. ESTRADA BRIAN D. EVANS KENNETH K. H. FAN 
AMANDA A. FIX STUART C. FRY WILLIAM H. GALLAGHER JOHN M. GREEN III KARSTEN J. HAIN JAMES M. HAWKINS TAWFIQ N. HAZBOUN BRENT M. HIEBERT ANDREW J. HOPPE PATRICK A. HUNTER STEPHEN B. HUTTON SHIN J. KIM JIMMY H. KU YALE A. LEE ERIK J. LIGAS JAMES C. M. LISH LANDON E. LUDWICK CHRISTOPHER P. MALY RICHARD A. MCKINNEY, JR. KRISTINA B. MENDOZA EVAN P. MOODY ALEXANDER D. PAUL DAVID G. QUINTERO MONICA L. RANCOURT NICOLE M. REDDOUT JENNA M. REDGATE OSCAR A. RODRIGUEZRAMOS NICHOLAS K. RORICK BLAKE M. ROSACKER GRANT R. RUTHERFORD JAMES A. SHAUL KELLY B. SLICHTER VINCENT J. SLOVAN JEFFREY T. SMITH DOUGLAS D. STEFFY WALTER D. THAMES JUSTIN I. WATSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
FREDERIC ALBESA CHRISTOPHER L. ALLEN ALEX F. G. AMPER IAN E. BARR JENNIFER M. BIBY HEATHER M. BOWMAN CHRISTOPHER M. BUCHANAN JASON P. BUONVINO REYNALDO R. CABANA III DON C. CADE LUPEI CHOU MICHAEL J. COLLINS SHELLEY CONYERS VAUGHN B. COOPER MARK A. COWANS, JR. SHANNON M. DANIELS HEIDI M. DAVIS JAMES A. DAVIS CHARLES M. DEIBLER JUSTIN T. DEVOE RYAN P. DIPAOLO MICHAEL B. DIPROSPERO REBECCA R. DREMANN CRAIG T. DZIEWIATKOWSKI DAVID C. EGGERS MALCOLM L. ELLIOTT MELISSA S. FLYNN JARON Z. GOLDSTEIN MELISSA A. GONZALES JEREMY A. GRENNAN DEEANN K. GUNNELLS MARK A. GUNTER ADAM L. HAMILTON BRIAN H. HAYS NATHAN T. HAYWARD EDWARD W. HERBERT IV LUKE J. HODGES ALEJANDRA HOLCH STEVEN A. HOLLAND RYAN Z. HUGHES MICHAEL D. KEY JONATHAN M. KRENZ MICHAEL D. LABBE RAYMOND J. LANCLOS III QUENTIN E. LEASE SOHNHWA LEE JEFFREY D. LEGG JASON P. MARKS CATHERINE L. MCCLURE ANDREW S. MIKESELL HOWARD A. MILLIGAN JOSHUA M. MILLNER STEPHANIE C. MONTANO JASON A. MONTS BENJAMIN G. MUNIZ III BRENT E. NIVEN RAYMOND D. OBRIEN JOHN A. OLABODE ROEL K. OROZCO ISAAC J. ORTMAN STEAVE W. PHANN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.007 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6474 September 8, 2015 
MATTHEW C. POSS 
RENAE J. RENKEN JOHN J. RENQUIST LEANNE R. RILEY PETER J. RIVERA WILLIAM D. M. ROMPS MANUEL ROSAS FADI J. SACRE CHRISTOPHER M. SANDS NARCISO M. SANGLE III MATTHEW J. SCHAEFER JAN D. SCHOTMAN JOHN R. SECRIST 
SARAH S. SIRKIN GINA M. SLABY CINDY SUAREZVILLAFANE JOHN R. SUMNER PURIPHAT SURARUJIROJ SEAN M. TETER MICHAEL B. VALLE TROY R. WEIDENMILLER KURT A. WELDAY, JR. JACOB T. WHITELEY JAMES R. WHITWORTH, JR. DANTE E. WILLIAMSON EDWARD P. WINDAS TIMOTHY J. WINN FRANZ J. YU 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MARICAR S. ABERIN CHERIE T. AYALA JOHN B. AYLSWORTH KENNETH D. BARBER KATHLEEN K. BAUTISTA SHERI M. BENJAMIN CARLTON W. BENNETT III NICHOLE D. BENSON TOMMIE R. BIRGE ANGELINA D. BRANNON ELYSE M. BRAXTON TRACEY L. BURNEY JASON R. CARMICHAEL SARAH K. CERTANO RAQUEL CHAMBERS JOHN P. CHIONG ESTHER M. COLBERT TANYA M. COPPA GRACIANA E. CRAWFORD ANNISSA L. CROMER NICOLE CUTHBERTSON ANGELA R. DAVENPORT KAREN E. DOWNER ANTHONY P. DURAN, JR. SARA R. EDMONDSON JESSICA R. FAHL MICHELLE L. FINLEY ROBERT D. GIBSON APRIL A. GILBRECH DANIELLE M. GRADY KEVIN T. GUTIERREZ SAMUEL I. HARRIS EMILY S. HESS NARDA P. HEYWOOD CHRISTINE D. HIGGINS JAMES P. HINES ANTONY N. HOPSON MIRANDA R. HORNE KAYLA R. HORTON SARAH C. HULEY DOUGLAS T. JOHNSON SONDRA L. JOLLY THOMAS J. KANNON ERIN L. KERR MEGAN L. KING CANDICE N. KLINE KATHLEEN E. KOSTKA AMY D. KRAMER LANI A. KUHLOW SHANE I. LATIMER NATHAN J. LEE TAIKO LESTER ANDY G. LUM JENNIFER R. LYND CHRISTOPHER A. LYNN KONSTANCE C. MACKIE CHARLIE O. MANALANSAN CAMERON F. MATHIE RICKY R. MCCALLISTER SHELLY K. MCCARTER DAVID R. MCDONALD MATTHEW M. MOORE RACHEL M. NADOLSKY DEREK L. OWENS JENNY L. K. PAUL JESSIE N. PERALTA SHEILA PHILLIPS DESIRAE N. PIERCE JACKIE L. PONCE JACQUELINE E. PRICE CHASITY Y. REID JASON A. REID AUTUMN J. RIDDELL REBECA S. RODRIGUEZ LUIS A. RODRIGUEZFONSECA FRANCISCO J. RODRIGUEZSOSA MELISSA J. ROSLONIEC SHEREE A. SCOTT BETSY M. SEITZ DOMENIQUE K. SELBY KRISTEN M. SKINNER SASHA Y. SMITH CHRISTOPHER E. STEADMAN REBECCA L. STRONG 
LAUREN T. SUSZAN RIE H. TAMAYO LAURA A. TATE BEVERLY J. TORRES SCHADAQ TORRES WILLIAM C. WESTBROOK MALINDA V. WILFORD CARDIA M. WILSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JAMES P. ADWELL 
MOLLY A. AVERY TANYA N. BATES JEREMY O. BIEHN HENRY L. BIRD GREGORY W. BOGGS MICHEAL P. BOWERS CLIFTON D. BUTLER KIRSTEN M. CARLSON MARY E. CAVA STEPHANIE C. CLAPPER ASHLEY N. CLARK DOUGLAS E. COLE, JR. WALTER J. COLVIN, JR. RACHEL W. P. CONDON TRAVIS W. COOK BRENNAN D. COX TARA J. DARIANO RICHARD J. DELINSKY SONJA M. DIAZSEVILLA RYAN K. DIPARISI PATRICK J. DOUGHERTY STEPHEN M. EGGAN MATTHEW R. ENGLISH MICHAEL L. FISHER JASON S. GALKA LINDA C. GALLUS GREGORY D. GENTRY MARISSA L. GREENE KAYREEN K. GUCCIARDO MARC D. HAINES FRANCIS J. HARAN III LINDA D. HAVENS HEATHER C. HENDRIXHOLMES MACEDONIO M. HERRERA CHRISTINE HOBBS DEREK B. HOFFMAN DARCI E. HOOK MEGAN I. HORVATH BRIAN A. HOWARD ALAN D. HUBER BRITTANY J. JANSEN AMANDA L. JIMENEZ JOSHUA I. KEIL BRENNA S. KELLY MICHAEL R. KIMBRELL CHRISTOPHER R. KUNTZ CARLOS A. LINOMONTES ERIC S. LITZENBERG STEPHANIE M. LONG WILLIAM P. MARTIN, JR. BETH M. MATTESON AMY E. MCARTHUR JENNIFER J. MCLAUGHLIN GREG F. R. MENDOZA CASSANDRA G. MONTALVO SHAWN M. MORRIS ADELEKE O. MOWOBI FRANKLIN E. J. MUHAMMAD ANNE R. MURRAY KEITH D. NEMEROFF HEATHER M. NEUMEYER ROBERT P. B. NEVINS DAVID NORIEGA JACOB N. J. NORRIS DONALD T. ORDINARIO MICHAEL D. OWEN JOHN D. PAVLICA, JR. KATHERINE E. PIERCE BRIAN L. PIKE BRETTSON W. PLATTE ERICA L. POOLE LUKE P. QUEBEDEAUX DAVID W. QUEEN CHRISTOPHER T. RAGSDALE ROXANNE M. RAU HEATHER A. REDDING KAIA T. ROBINSON STEPHEN E. ROGERS KATHLEEN C. ROONEY GARY M. ROSONET ANDREW C. RUTLEDGE JILL M. SALLIS NICHOLAS C. SCHAAL SCOTTIE E. SMITH KWAJA G. SNAER KRISTIN L. SOMAR MICHAEL W. TERRENZI DAWN M. TORRUSIO CHRISTOPHER J. UDELL JOEL A. VALDEZ DAVID P. VARNEY WILLIAM J. WALDERS ROBERT C. WARD THOMAS G. WARNER, JR. DAVID L. WHEELER, JR. KEVIN R. WHITMYER JANNIFER L. WICK JESSICA N. WOODY JASON E. WRIGHT MARTIN R. WRIGHT HAO XIE ADAM L. ZEILER 
MARESA C. J. ZENNER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
RICHARD R. ABITRIA CHANTAL N. AFUHLEFLORE HAYDAR M. ALEID DANIEL B. ALGERT LESLEY P. ALGERT WILLIAM C. ANDERSON CODY C. ARMSTRONG KESTUTIS A. AUKSTUOLIS 
DAVID F. AURIGEMMA KRISTEN D. AURIGEMMA MARY M. BAILEY NEAL J. BAKER ANGELO B. BAQUIR MATTHEW P. P. BAUER TERRENCE D. BAYLY JEREMY E. BENJAMINSON DANIELA J. BERMUDEZ MICHELLE C. BILBAO BENJAMIN D. BONI JEROMY T. BOUCHER ELISE C. BRANDON MARIE E. BROCK TAYLOR A. BROWN TIMOTHY P. BRUCE KERRY L. BUCKLEY RYAN T. BUCKLEY SARAH B. BUCKLEY SUSAN A. BULLARD PATRICK J. BURBANODELARA MATTHEW D. BURGESS NATHAN H. BUTLER WILLIAM J. BUTLER AMELIA H. BUTTOLPH WILLIAM E. BYLUND KRISTOPHER E. CARTER KRISTI L. CASSLEMAN ALLEN D. CHANG BENJAMIN B. CHI GRANT K. COCHRAN GEOFFREY J. COLE RICHELE L. CORRADO PAUL CRIPE CHRIS A. CRUZ NICHOLAS A. DARLING CHRISTOPHER A. DAVIS DANIEL J. DEAN, JR. DEREK L. DEBOER JOHN B. DEGEUS ANDREA F. DELACRUZ VICTORIA M. DEREVIANKO NICHOLAS W. DIGEORGE BRIGHAM L. DOUGLAS STEVEN ELEK IV JENNIFER K. ENGKULAWY JOHN K. EVANS II SARA K. FAUGHT KAYCEE R. FIASEU RADU FILIPESCU LYNN M. FLOWERS STEPHANIE M. FOFI SAMUEL D. FRASIER MICHELE M. GAGE KAREN G. GANACIAS ALEJANDRO J. GARCIASALAS BETHANY K. GAYLORD JUDITH C. GENEROSO JOHN W. GILLESPIE LUKE A. GILMAN JONATHAN R. GOWER JENNIFER N. GRAHAM TATIANA M. GREENE ALEX A. GUTWEILER SEAN P. HAIGHT KENT M. HALL ERIN R. S. HAMERSLEY TODD G. HASTINGS HEATHER N. HAUCK NIELS M. HAUFF MAE W. HEALY NATHAN J. HEMERLY ANDREW D. HENEBRY SADIE M. HENRY EVAN M. HODELL MARSHALL M. HOFFMAN PATRICIA E. HOGAN KEVIN T. HOLLEMAN JAMON A. HOLZHOUSER ANKUSH K. JAIN MICHELLE D. JARDONAITES JENNIFER L. JASKIEWICZ LING JING MICHAEL W. JOHNS BIANCA C. KARRIS DI KHOO IULIANA KILIMENTMIHAILEANU DANIEL P. KUCKEL SCOTT A. KUNKEL CASEY E. LAFFERTY JOSEPH E. LAGREW II ERIC C. LARSEN SCOTT M. LAWSON JOSEPH A. LE TUVIEN LE BLAIR C. LEE BENJAMIN J. LEHMANN WILLIAM A. LEWIS KATHRYN A. LIPSCOMB MATTHEW C. LOMELI LANCE A. LOPEZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.009 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6475 September 8, 2015 
JOSEPH O. LOPREIATO 
CHRISTOPHER S. LOVE HEATHER K. MAK PAUL G. MALIAKEL ANDREW E. MANCUSIUNGARO RODOLFO E. MANOSALVA JOSEPH P. MARQUARDT MICHAEL T. MARSHALL MARY B. MARUSZAK MANOJ MATHEW JEAN G. MATHURIN JOHN C. MATTINGLY ROBERT I. MCCLURE JEREMY D. MCCULLOUGH JOHN C. MCDONNELL IV LESLEY A. MCPEAK JONATHAN M. MELZER NICOLE J. MEUNIER ERIC B. MICHEL SHANNON S. MICHEL MICHAEL J. E. MONSON BEAU J. MUNOZ DAVID E. MYLES JESSICA L. NAFF CARLOS A. NAVARRO MIKAL J. NELSON MARIA L. NIEVES BRENDAN S. OBRIEN OLAMIDE J. OLADIPO ERIK J. OLSON TODD G. OSBORNE 
JAMIE K. OVERBEY STEFFANIE M. OWENS AARON G. PANNIER CHRISTOPHER R. PARTOVI PHILLIP R. PERRINEZ ALEXANDRA V. PERRY BRANDON R. PETERSON MICHAEL F. POWERS MICHAEL A. PROKOP WILLIAM J. REYNDERS NOLEN F. ROBERSON CHRISTOPHER D. RODEN WARREN L. ROSS MATTHEW C. RUSSELL TODD M. RUTTENBERG GABRIEL F. SANTIAGO JONATHAN M. SARDINA SCOTT J. SASOVETZ JESSE T. SCHONAU STEPHENIE A. SCULLY DANIEL B. SEEGER ERIK E. SHANAHAN JOSEPH F. SIEBENALER JOSEPH A. SIEGEL BRETT P. SIMMONS JACOB E. SINGER CHRISTOPHER D. SKEEHAN JENNIFER L. SMITH RYAN W. SNOW ANA L. SOLIS PETER L. SONE ADAM G. SONGER MATTHEW V. SPEICHER GREGORY R. STAEHELI CHRISTOPHER J. STANGE VLAD V. STANILA ROBERT E. STAPLETON LEITH J. STATES HELEN M. STEELE LORETTA L. STEIN KRISTI K. STONEGARZA MICHAEL S. STRATTON INES H. STROMBERG PAUL C. TALISE JACOB M. TAYLOR BRIAN TOUPIN RUTH A. TREVINO IAN C. UBER JASON M. VALADAO KARI L. WAGNER SCOTT C. WAGNER KENNETH B. WAITE, JR. JAMES D. WALLACE JOHN C. WALSH ADAM T. WATERMAN JAMES W. WESTBROOK 
ANN V. WHEELAN JONATHAN D. WILDI JESSICA A. WILSON KEVIN F. WILSON MICHAEL E. WOLF BRYAN E. WOOLDRIDGE, JR. DAVID J. ZELINSKAS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MICHELLE D. CARTER 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
KRESHNIK ALIKAJ, OF CALIFORNIA 
MICHELLE ANGULO, OF PENNSYLVANIA KATIE WILTROUT APPLEGATE, OF VIRGINIA ALICIA M. ARENDT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DIEGO A. ARIAS, OF NEW JERSEY CHRISTOPHER N. ASHCRAFT, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
ZACHARY SAMUEL AUERBACH, OF VIRGINIA MADELEINE THERESA BEARD, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH MARY ANN BENNION, OF UTAH JULIA ANNE BENSON, OF WISCONSIN CLARETHA BILLINGSLEA, OF VIRGINIA XAVIER JONATHAN BILLINGSLEY, OF TEXAS ROBERT R. BLAKELY III, OF VIRGINIA LAUREN A. BLEAKNEY, OF DELAWARE JASON Z. BRAINER, OF MICHIGAN JEREMY K. BRANSON, OF VIRGINIA CASEY M. BRASWELL, OF VIRGINIA 
DIANA G. BRAUN, OF NEW YORK RYAN MARIE CALDWELL, OF NORTH CAROLINA DANIEL MICHAEL CAPONE, OF PENNSYLVANIA KATHRYN R. CARNEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA JESSICA NICOLE CARRILLO, OF TEXAS MORGAN E. CASSELL, OF WASHINGTON CHRISTOPHER JONATHAN CHENG, OF VIRGINIA JOEL WILLIAM CHRISTENSEN, OF UTAH CARLY L. COHEN, OF PENNSYLVANIA OSVALDO VIDALY COLON-TORRES, OF VIRGINIA KHATIJAH SUZANNA COREY, OF CALIFORNIA JULIE ANN CURRY, OF VIRGINIA SHARON MICHELLE CYR, OF ILLINOIS KEITH THOMAS DEVEREAUX, OF VIRGINIA KELLY MARIE RAIN DODGE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
JAMES HARRIS FINDLEY, OF ILLINOIS LINNETTE D. FRANCO, OF GEORGIA MICHELE L. GAMMARIELLO, OF VIRGINIA MELINDA GATTO, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL TEKA GETAHUN, OF MINNESOTA RAJANI MARY GHOSH, OF MARYLAND JUDITH DIANE GLASS, OF PENNSYLVANIA DANIEL ALLAN GRIFFITHS, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN JOHN GROB–FITZGIBBON, OF VIRGINIA HERMES RAFAEL GRULLON, OF NEW YORK JUSTIN RANDALL HALPERN, OF NEW JERSEY ADAM R. HENNINGS, OF MINNESOTA DONNA MELYZA HERNANDEZ, OF CALIFORNIA BENJAMIN P. HINES, OF VIRGINIA JOHN ISAAC HOUSTON, OF NEW JERSEY AARON AKIRA ISAKI, OF HAWAII KENYA JORDANA JAMES, OF NEW YORK BRITTNEY NICOLLE JOHNSON, OF MARYLAND SAMANTHA A. JORDAN, OF VIRGINIA SARAH E. KAHNT, OF TEXAS TARYN NOHEA KAILI, OF HAWAII BRIAN C. KELLY, OF CALIFORNIA MADELINE LOUISE KOCH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
CHRISTINE LAHENS, OF MASSACHUSETTS CANDICE MELINDA LAPLANTE, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
JEFFREY HOWARD LARSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
SARAH A. LEIGHTON-BRADLEY, OF VIRGINIA ROBYN NICOLE LUFFMAN, OF MISSOURI 
ETHAN DONOVAN LYNCH, OF KENTUCKY MARCOS A. MADRID, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER MAITNER, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN C. MALLETT, OF VIRGINIA CRISTIAN NOEMI MARTINEZ-LUSANE, OF CALIFORNIA NOLAN PATRICK MASTERSON, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT WILLIAM MCGHEE, OF TEXAS MICHAEL JOSEPH MCGUIRE, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM L. MCILWAIN IV, OF OHIO MICHAEL JOHN MCMULLAN, OF VIRGINIA MEGAN ELIZABETH MCPHEE, OF MASSACHUSETTS DAVID ALEJANDRO MENDEZ, OF CALIFORNIA NATHAN MARK MILLER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NAAKOSHIE A. MILLS, OF NEW YORK JAKE THOMAS MINER, OF CONNECTICUT MENAL GAURISHANKER MODHA, OF VIRGINIA JACQUELINE MAE MOORE, OF TEXAS SARAH KYLER MOORE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA UMAR MOULTA-ALI, OF MARYLAND AMAURY MUNOZ, OF NEW YORK DARLENE M. NOBLE-ZINZER, OF VIRGINIA KRISTIN MOODY O’GRADY, OF OREGON JAMES ROBERT O’LEARY, OF VIRGINIA AUTUMN KELLY PATTERSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA PATRICK J. PATTERSON, OF VIRGINIA SAMUEL PAYAN, OF TEXAS JOSEPH ALAN PEARCE, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE R. PATTERSON PEREZ, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK J. PRATT, OF TENNESSEE EVAN ROBERTS PRICE, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER D. PRITCHETT, OF GEORGIA JESSE N. RAMIREZ, OF VIRGINIA STEFAN H. REISINGER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MAI VAY RETTENMAYER, OF CALIFORNIA CYRUS FARROKH REVAND, OF VIRGINIA AMANDA MARISSE ROACH, OF NEW JERSEY ASHTON E. ROBISON, OF TEXAS WILLIAM D. ROWE, OF VIRGINIA MELISSA M. SANDOVAL, OF NEW YORK THOMAS HAMILTON SANTORO, OF NEW YORK MONICA LORRAINE SAWYER, OF COLORADO DANIEL R. SINGER, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA A. SPERLONGANO, OF VIRGINIA TODD E. STRUMKE, OF VIRGINIA EDWARD B. SWANN, OF PENNSYLVANIA LARA R. TALVERDIAN, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTOPHER F. TATUM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
MEGAN SIMONE TAYLOR, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
MIMI WIN THEIN, OF VIRGINIA CLAIRE GRONEMEYER THOMAS, OF CALIFORNIA JONATHAN NIKOLAS TSCHETTER, OF VIRGINIA DMITRIY UPART, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN JAMES VACCARO, OF VIRGINIA JOHN RICHARD VELASCO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
GREGORY JAMES VIOLA, OF NEW YORK JAMES A. WATERMAN, OF WISCONSIN TRAE R. WATSON, OF NORTH CAROLINA DAVID MCKAY WEILER, OF OREGON DEBORAH ARIN WHANG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DIANA MARIE WICK-PALDANO, OF VIRGINIA JACOB ANDREW WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL LEE WILSON, OF FLORIDA EMA DIANE WOODWARD, OF MASSACHUSETTS ONEJIN WU, OF CALIFORNIA MARK D. WYDRA, OF VIRGINIA REBECCA YANG, OF VIRGINIA BRETT DAVID ZISKIE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate September 8, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ROSEANN A. KETCHMARK, OF MISSOURI, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08SE6.011 S08SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1213 September 8, 2015 
RECOGNITION OF EMPLOYEES OF 
THE OFFICERS AND THE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL OF THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WITH 25 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE HOUSE AND RECIPIENTS OF THE HOUSE EMPLOYEE EXCEL-LENCE AWARD AND TEAM PLAY-ER AWARD 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
Ranking Member R OBERT BRADY and I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize the out-standing employees of the Officers (Clerk of the House, Sergeant at Arms, and Chief Ad-ministrative Officer) and the Inspector General of the U.S. House of Representatives who have reached the milestone of 25 years of service to the U.S. House of Representatives, as well as the recipients of the House Em-ployee Excellence Award and Team Player Award. 
The House’s most important asset is its 
dedicated and exceptional employees, whose work, which is often behind the scenes, is vital in keeping the operations and services of the House running smoothly and efficiently. The employees we recognize today are acknowl-edged and commended for their hard work, dedication, professionalism, teamwork, support of House Members and their staffs and con-stituents, and for their contributions day-in and day-out to the overall operations of the House. These employees have a wide range of re-sponsibilities and skills that support the legis-lative process, ensure the security of the insti-tution, maintain our technology and service in-frastructure, and contribute to a more effective and efficiently operating House support struc-ture. They have accomplished many great things in a wide range of activities, and the House of Representatives and its Members, staff, and the American public is better served because of them. 
We recognize and honor the individuals 
named below for 25 years of dedicated serv-ice to the House. Collectively, this group has provided 350 years of service to the U.S. House of Representatives: 
Keith S. Brown, Office of the Chief Adminis-
trative Officer. 
Pamela L. Brown, Office of the Chief Admin-
istrative Officer. 
Mona S. Burnett, Office of the Sergeant of 
Arms. 
Ed Cassidy, Office of the Chief Administra-
tive Officer. 
Mark Dobbins, Office of the Chief Adminis-
trative Officer. 
Daniel S. Hall, Office of the Clerk. Patrick A. Hirsch, Office of the Chief Admin-
istrative Officer. 
Araceli Jennings, Office of the Chief Admin-
istrative Officer. 
Tara A. Kelley, Office of the Chief Adminis-
trative Officer. Timothy Magruder, Office of the Chief Ad-
ministrative Officer. 
Charles E. Powell, Jr., Office of the Chief 
Administrative Officer. 
Robin Richter, Office of the Chief Adminis-
trative Officer. 
Randy Rogerson, Office of the Chief Admin-
istrative Officer. 
David Tonizzo, Office of the Chief Adminis-
trative Officer. 
We also recognize and congratulate the 
House employees receiving the Employee Ex-cellence Award. This is a merit-based award, given to an employee from each House Officer organization, and the Office of Inspector Gen-eral. Selected employees exhibited out-standing overall job performance and dis-played a willingness to go above and beyond the call of duty for their organization through-out the last year. We honor the individuals named below for receiving this prestigious award. 
Melissa K. Franger and John F. Looney, III, 
Office of the Sergeant at Arms. 
Kevin Hanrahan, Office of the Clerk. Michael A. Howard, Office of Inspector Gen-
eral. 
David E. McKittrick, Office of the Chief Ad-
ministrative Officer. 
And finally, we recognize and congratulate 
several House employees being presented the Team Player Award. This award recognizes the value the House Officers and Inspector General place on working collaboratively across House organizations to strengthen and protect the U.S. House of Representatives. These awardees have demonstrated a col-laborative attitude, commitment to achieving team objectives, respect and support of their teammates, and dedication to the betterment of House operations. We honor the individuals named below for receiving this notable award. 
Alison M. Trulock, Office of the Clerk. Kevin C. Cornell and Donna K. Wolfgang, 
Office of Inspector General. 
James J. Kaelin, Office of the Sergeant at 
Arms. 
Kevin N. Chambers, Office of the Chief Ad-
ministrative Officer. 
On behalf of the entire House community, I 
extend our congratulations and once again recognize and thank these employees for their professionalism and commitment to the U.S. House of Representatives as a whole, and in particular to their respective House Officers, the Inspector General, and collaboratively across these organizations. Their long hours, hard work, and team spirit are invaluable, and their years of unwavering service, dedication, and commitment to the House set an example for their colleagues and other employees who will follow in their footsteps. I celebrate our honorees, and I am proud to stand before you and the nation on their behalf to recognize the importance of their public service. 15TH ANNIVERSARY OF WRITING 
ON AMERICA 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, last month 
we celebrated Viet Bao Daily News’ 15th Anni-versary of the Writing on America Essay Con-test and its subsequent annual Awards pro-gram. Viet Bao Daily News established the Writing on America Essay Contest in 2000 with the simple mission of creating an oppor-tunity for members of the Vietnamese commu-nity to share their individual experiences. 
Since its creation, the competition has be-
come an annual grand award celebration and a uniting chronicle sharing inspirational stories from members of the Vietnamese community. The initial objective of the competition was to preserve the Vietnamese language and cul-tural values. However, the impact exceeded Viet Bao’s initial expectation. The tens of thou-sands of entries over the years have become more than just an anthology of shared, collec-tive philosophical values—but a historical record helping to preserve the Vietnamese community’s history across a broad spectrum ranging from tragedy to triumph. 
I would like to congratulate all of the partici-
pants in the essay competition for sharing their varied stories of life and legacy, as well as congratulate all of the winners past and present. They have all contributed a multitude of inspirational stories that document and share with the whole community their experi-ences and journey to assimilate in American society. 
I also want to congratulate and applaud Viet 
Bao Daily News for the success of their writing competition, not just for the community service the program brings to the Vietnamese commu-nity, but for what it contributes to the rich tap-estry of our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TOWN OF 
KOUTS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with pro-
found admiration that I recognize the town of Kouts, Indiana, as it marks its 150th anniver-sary. In celebration of this special occasion, festivities were held in Kouts on August 22, 2015, which included a parade and com-memoration ceremony coinciding with the town’s annual Porkfest and the historic Aukiki Festival. 
An idyllic sanctuary for rural life, Kouts has 
become the thriving community it is today due to one noble trait: perseverance. In 1865, when surveyors of the nearby Pittsburgh, Cin-cinnati, and Saint Louis railroad sought lodg-ing, they were denied at the first home they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.001 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1214 September 8, 2015 
came to and wandered onward to be accepted 
with hospitality at the second, where the Kouts family lived. Henceforth, the family name was given to the area as it expanded from the Kouts train station and was built into a pros-pering community by the surveyors. The vil-lage applied for incorporation three times, fail-ing twice before Kouts’ patience was rewarded in 1921, the same year electricity spread to the area. 
Kouts has always been a town of industry, 
not in the sense of material production, but in the sense that the people of Kouts have al-ways toiled with conviction and tenacity to cre-ate the lives they envision for themselves and to lift up their community as a civil microcosm worthy of respect. 
It is a testament to the quality of the people 
of Kouts and their interest in supporting each member of the community that Blake Benson, an eighth grader at Kouts Middle School, has assumed the role of President of the town’s Sesquicentennial Committee, performing the duties of his office with pride. In collaboration with his Committee, Blake has organized the joyous commemoration of this special day in Kouts history. For their devotion to their town’s history and prosperity, I would like to acknowl-edge Mr. Benson, the Kouts Sesquicentennial Committee, and Kouts Clerk-Treasurer Laurie Tribble. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-
guished colleagues join me in honoring the 150th anniversary of the town of Kouts. The town’s long history of harmonious cohabita-tions is inspiring and is worthy of our admira-tion. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT FISHER 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Robert Fisher, who passed away on July 17 in Fairfax, California, at the age of 68. A nearly-lifelong Marin resident and commu-nity leader, he will be remembered for his unyielding efforts to better lives in Marin City and beyond. 
From an early age, Mr. Fisher cared deeply 
about others. He moved to Marin City a year after his birth, and attended high school and college in the North Bay. He first ran for office at the age of 23, serving on the Sausalito- Marin City School District board and later, for the Marin City Community Services District board. He also worked as a student counselor at his alma mater, the College of Marin, and became an engineer by profession. 
Mr. Fisher’s efforts will continue to impact 
lives long after his passing. He was involved with the Marin City Health and Wellness Cen-ter, Bayside Martin Luther King Jr. School, and the recently-opened Rocky Graham Park. A new community center for Marin City—one of his dreams—has begun the planning proc-ess. 
Robert Fisher’s lifetime dedication to public 
service exemplifies an inspirational spirit of generosity and a model for others to follow. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to him today and express our deepest condo-lences to his wife, Agnes, his sister, Lue Ann, and his children. EDITH GATES BRADY—100TH 
BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, Edith’s par-
ents were William Earl and Marsha Susan Gates. She has one younger brother, Billy Duane, who resides in Texas. 
Edith was born at 4:00 p.m. September 4, 
1915, in the country outside of Peach Or-chard, AR. 
She moved from Peach Orchard, Arkansas 
to Michigan in 1925 at age 10. She graduated as Salutatorian from John J. Pershing High School. 
She was married to Loyd Elvin Brady in the 
midst of the Great Depression on October 28, 1934, at the Hazel Park Baptist Tabernacle, Hazel Park, MI in a wedding dress costing $13. She had 6 children, Roger Bryan, Kay Linda, Loyd (Bud) Elvin II, Dan Gregory, Rob-ert Franklin and Kirk Alyn. 
As the wife of a city manager she resided, 
entertained and attended public/political func-tions in Hazel Park, MI, Trinidad, CO, The Dalles, OR, Monrovia, CA and Santa Clara, CA, before her husband retired to raise cattle at the Sugarbush Ranch in Success, AR in 1963. 
She has 13 grandchildren, 13 great-grand- 
children, and 5 great-great grandchildren. 
She was baptized into the Christian faith as 
a child and has been a member of the Suc-cess Baptist Church in Success, AR since 1963. 
She became Deputy Treasurer of Western 
Clay County, Arkansas in 1968, in which ca-pacity she served for 16 years. 
Edith has family traveling from California, 
Texas, Georgia, and Michigan for the centen-nial celebration. 
She loves celebrating events with her fam-
ily, recollecting amusing stories/life lessons, following political commentary, reading west-ern novels, and cheering for the St. Louis Car-dinals. 
She plans to wear high heels to her 100th 
birthday celebration. 
f 
HONORING THE INTERAGENCY CO-
OPERATION THAT SAVED A LIFE 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Whatcom County Fire District 5, Whatcom County Sheriff’s Department, Airlift Northwest, and U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection (CBP) for working together to save the life of Hugh Graham, a Point Roberts visitor who went into cardiac arrest at the Port of Entry. 
Early on June 7, Hugh and his friend Andy 
MacLean arrived in Point Roberts, having planned a bike ride. Immediately after passing through the Port of Entry on Tyee Drive, Hugh collapsed. Customs Agents began performing CPR, while a cardiac arrest call went out to the Whatcom County Sheriff’s Department and Whatcom County Fire District 5. The first responders worked on resuscitating 
Hugh using defibrillation and medication until he was stable. Hugh was then transported in an Airlift Northwest helicopter to PeaceHealth St. Joseph Medical Center in Bellingham. The strong relationship between the CBP, Airlift Northwest, Fire District 5 and the Sheriff’s De-partment was essential in ensuring the best possible outcome for Hugh, who has since re-turned home to fully recover. 
Many thanks go to: Whatcom County Fire District 5 personnel: Jerry Aguiar, Ben Boyko, Christian Craig, 
Jeff Finlay, Ryan Greene, Mark Puustelli, Fadi Samaha, John Shields, Kristy Steinberger, Christina Tersakian, Scott Van Den Boogaard, Kyle Whiteman 
Whatcom County Sheriff Deputies: Tom McCarthy, Jayson Loreen Airlift Northwest members: Bonita Haggith, Rose Goure, Rick Rathbun U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
Agents: 
Larry Tingley, Eddie Proctor, Timothy John-
son, Denton Glaser, Andrew Giles, Merritt Washburn, Christopher Barron, Robert Carter, Detlef Goellner 
This situation is a great example of how our 
community benefits when agencies work to-gether at all levels. I am thankful that these men and women are hard at work every single day to keep us safe and secure. 
f 
HONORING MOTHER VIRGINIA 
OLIVER 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
deep respect and profound admiration that I congratulate Mother Virginia Oliver, a long- time resident of East Chicago, Indiana, on a momentous milestone, her 100th birthday, which she celebrated on August 31, 2015. Vir-ginia was honored by family and friends at a very special Celebration of 100 Years of Life, which featured a commemorative luncheon. The following day, she was recognized during a special reception at her church, Greater First Baptist Church in East Chicago. 
Mother Virginia Oliver arrived in East Chi-
cago nearly seventy years ago, when she and her loving husband, the late Robert Oliver, re-located to Northwest Indiana in the mid-1940’s to build a life together. Upon their arrival in the city, the couple resided in an apartment above the JPL Furniture Store located in the section of East Chicago known as the Harbor. It was during this time that Mr. and Mrs. Oliver wel-comed two children, Robert and Sheryl, both proud graduates of East Chicago Roosevelt High School. 
In 1953, Virginia and Robert purchased a 
home in the Calumet section of the city, where Virginia continues to reside. It was in this home that Mother Oliver raised her children. During this time, Virginia was fully involved in her children’s educations and was an active member of the parent-teacher association. 
While Mother Oliver was focused on raising 
her children, throughout her life she was also well known in the community as a skilled seamstress and beautician. After her children were grown, Virginia continued to serve her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.003 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1215 September 8, 2015 
community as a crossing guard for the School 
City of East Chicago. A further testament to her patriotism and her commitment to her city, she also served as a poll worker on election days. 
A woman of tremendous faith, Mother Vir-
ginia Oliver has dedicated herself to serving her church community, first as a member of First Baptist Church where she sang in the choir and served as a secretary, and later at Greater First Baptist Church. Friends and fam-ily recall Mother Oliver’s pride that Greater First Baptist Church ‘‘began in her home’’ after founding-pastor, Reverend P.C. Harrison, came to her home and convinced her hus-band, Deacon Robert Oliver, to join him in forming a new church. Deacon Oliver would go on to become the first and longest serving chairman of the Deacon Board, a position he held for thirty four years. At the first church meeting, Virginia was named as the church’s Financial Secretary, which she faithfully served as for twenty seven years. Mother Oli-ver also has served her church as a dea-coness, missionary, choir member, church decorator, and ultimately, church mother. She continues to serve as Greater First Baptist Church’s oldest church mother. 
Mr. Speaker, Mother Virginia Oliver has 
committed herself to her community and her church since she arrived in East Chicago, and has served as a mother and role model for many children throughout the years. She has taught every member of her family and her community the true meaning of service to oth-ers. I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in wishing Mother Virginia Oliver a very happy 100th birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ELIZABETH BURKO 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Elizabeth Burko, who was a true and committed leader in the California State Parks who lost her life on August 22, 2015. 
Elizabeth Burko was born in Ohio and at-
tended college at the University of Colorado where she graduated with a Bachelor of Science before moving out to California. 
She began her career as a volunteer docent 
at An ˜o Nuevo State Reserve in 1985 where 
she was eventually hired on as a park aide. For 30 years, Burko dedicated her life and ca-reer to the mission and purpose of California State Parks. In 2007 she became the Super-intendent of the Russian River District of Cali-fornia State Parks which includes parks in both Sonoma and Mendocino Counties. 
Throughout her career Burko proved to be 
dedicated to the mission of the State Parks, but it was during the recession that she truly demonstrated the value of her leadership. Her management skills and creativity made it pos-sible to avoid many park closures in the dis-trict and maintain the integrity of the State Parks mission. She was known for her willing-ness to collaborate with local non-profit groups in order to improve park access and manage-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in recognition of Elizabeth Burko whose contributions to the Russian River District of 
California State Parks will be valued by park visitors and staff alike for years to come. She will be greatly missed. 
f 
PAXSON ‘‘PACKY’’ H. OFFIELD, 
CATALINA ICON PASSES 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, the com-
munity of Avalon, California was saddened to learn that Paxson ‘‘Packy’’ H. Offield passed away on Sunday, June 14, due to complica-tions from leukemia. He recently chose to re-turn to his home in Michigan, and passed away there, with his wife and family by his side. 
Mr. Offield attended the Latin School of Chi-
cago and the Catalina Island School for Boys, located in Toyon Bay. He graduated from the University of Denver in 1975 with a degree in Economics and then taught here at the Cat-alina Island School. In 1976, his family asked him to join the Santa Catalina Island Com-pany, formed in 1894 and guided by the Wrigley and Offield families since 1919. Begin-ning as property manager, Mr. Offield gained experience in several departments, and served at various times as the company’s chairman of the board, president, and CEO. He was a member of its Board of Directors from 1980 until his death. 
Mr. Offield was also chairman of the Bene-
factor Members of the Santa Catalina Island Conservancy, formed in 1972 by Philip K. Wrigley and Dorothy W. Offield, and was the Conservancy’s first chairman of the board. 
A dedicated conservationist, Mr. Offield was 
a director and chairman of The Billfish Foun-dation, a non-profit organization dedicated to the conservation and enhancement of billfish populations worldwide through scientific re-search, education and advocacy. He was a Board member and former chairman of The Peregrine Fund, a worldwide organization dedicated to preserving birds of prey. In 2006, Mr. Offield received from the president of Pan-ama the Commendador Award for work through the Peregrine Fund on the reintroduc-tion of the Harpy Eagle, the national bird of Panama. 
Mr. Offield was also chairman of the Cat-
alina Sea Bass Fund, dedicated to the restora-tion of sea bass and other fisheries in South-ern California waters. He was active with the Conservation and Research for Endangered Species component of the San Diego Zoolog-ical Society. He was awarded the 2006 Con-servation Medal from the Society for his work with the Peregrine Fund and satellite tagging of marlin. He also spearheaded a DNA sam-pling study with Rutgers University and The Billfish Foundation. 
Mr. Offield was very involved in developing 
satellite tags for tagging billfish in Pacific waters for over 20 years, to track migration and other data on billfish. He was the chair-man of the Offield Center for Billfish Studies and funded an archival tagging program for white sea bass in cooperation with the Pfleger Institute for Environmental Research. He was a founding member of the Marine Conserva-tion Science Institute. Mr. Offield was also a director of USC’s Wrigley Institute for Environ-
mental Studies and endowed the Paxson H. Offield Professor of Population Ecology now held by Dennis Hedgecock at USC. 
Mr. Offield was president of the Offield Fam-
ily Foundation, which works predominantly on environmental issues around the world. He has worked with the Little Traverse Conser-vancy to protect the arboreal forests of North-ern Michigan. He was a past president and board member of the Silver Creek Fishing Club in Northern Michigan. 
Mr. Offield was named to the International 
Game Fish Association Board of Trustees in 2007 and currently served as its chairman. He shared its belief in the conservation of game fish and the promotion of responsible, ethical angling practices through science, education, rule making and record keeping. He was in-ducted into the IGFA Hall of Fame in 2011. 
In Avalon, Mr. Offield was a past president 
and member of the Avalon Tuna Club, the world’s oldest sportfishing club and was the current president of the Tuna Club Founda-tion. He had in the past served as Chairman of the Avalon Planning Commission and as president of the Catalina Island Chamber of Commerce. The Tuna Club had twice recog-nized him as Angler of the Year, and he had three Tuna Club record fish using three-thread linen and 8-pound Dacron. Mr. Offield also participated in the International Masters An-gling Invitational Tournament in Cancun. 
Mr. Offield is survived by his wife, Susan, 
his children, Chase (Lena), Calen (Amber) and Kelsey, his stepson, Rex, three grandchildren (Christian, Owen and Capri) and his brother, James Offield. A celebration of life will be held in Avalon later in the summer. 
f 
HONORING CPL. TIMOTHY GRACE, 
1ST INFANTRY DIVISION SOL-DIER OF THE YEAR 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, the First Dis-
trict of Texas has been blessed as the birth-place of many remarkable individuals who have made notable contributions that have en-riched lives well beyond the borders of Texas. It is a great pleasure to stand in honor of a man from Nacogdoches, Texas, who is young in terms of years but exceedingly senior when it comes to his patriotism, his caring, and his contribution to the ongoing of this country. His name is Corporal Timothy Grace and he has been named Soldier of the Year for the United States Army’s 1st Infantry Division. 
Cpl. Grace enlisted in the U.S. Army in 
2013 at the age of 22, pursuing a dream born out of a family legacy of military service. In-spired by his grandfather Leo Acosta who served during World War II, Cpl. Grace knew as a young boy that the military would be his future. His heartfelt desire was to serve and protect the greatest country in the history of the world, precisely as his grandfather had done. 
Cpl. Grace entered the military as a 19- 
Delta Cavalry Scout attached to the 1st Infan-try Division in Fort Riley, Kansas. Regarding basic training, Cpl. Grace has remarked, ‘‘. . . I’ve always been mentally strong so they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.004 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1216 September 8, 2015 
never really broke me down. I enjoyed every 
minute of it and learned a lot.’’ 
Cpl. Grace studied a variety of topics from 
weapons to Army history in preparation for the demanding process of facing the selection boards in anticipation of seeking advancement in his chosen endeavor. He first won the troop board, successfully navigated the squadron and brigade boards, ultimately culminating with his being named Soldier of the Year for the entire 1st Infantry Division. 
As a result of his selection as Soldier of the 
Year, Cpl. Grace was chosen to provide per-sonal security for the 1st Infantry Division Sgt. Maj. Michael A. Grinston in Iraq. 
Based on his extraordinary history in the 
military thus far, there should be no doubt that Cpl. Grace will continue to distinguish himself as he pursues Airborne school and Ranger school. After his sterling career in the military is completed, Cpl. Grace aspires to yet again continue to serve his country and particularly the great state of Texas as a Department of Public Safety Highway Patrolman, but has not ruled out the possibility of serving as long as possible in his career within the United States Army. 
It is a distinct privilege to honor this remark-
able soldier, to pay tribute to him for his being named Soldier of the Year from the entire 1st Infantry Division, and to congratulate him for his upcoming promotion to sergeant. His ac-complishments are now recorded in this C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD which will endure as long 
as there is a United States of America. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF LINDA 
CHIARENZA 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-
knowledge the distinguished career and leg-acy of service of Linda Chiarenza, who was honored for her professional excellence as the Executive Director of the West Side and Black Rock-Riverside Neighborhood Housing Serv-ices at a Retirement Celebration on August 26, 2015. 
In 1999, Linda was selected as the Execu-
tive Director of the West Side Neighborhood Housing Services (WSNHS) where she had worked as a Housing Specialist for 4 years. Linda immediately got to work rebuilding rela-tionships with funding sources, expanding re-sources and engaging the WSNHS Board and staff to work collaboratively and creatively to lead this critically important non-profit agency to national recognition as part of the NeighborWorks network. 
This year brought an Exemplary rating for 
WSNHS by NeighborWorks America, and it is deservedly proud of its designation as a NeighborWorks Green Organization. 
From her first project on Shield Street to the 
revitalization of Connecticut Street to restoring a historic West Side property, Linda contin-ually demonstrated dogged determination and an unshakeable commitment to neighborhood revitalization led by community stakeholders. 
Linda’s devotion of time, energy and re-
sources to support the community was deserv-edly recognized by Business First with the 2009 Women of Influence Award and the 2007 and 2015 Woman of the Year Award by the 
West Side Business and Taxpayers Associa-tion. Her work with all levels of government earned her recognition as a New York State Woman of Distinction and the FBI Board of Di-rectors Service Award. 
During her time with West Side Neighbor-
hood Housing Services, Linda accomplished significant milestones for the organization, in-cluding a merger with Black Rock-Riverside Neighborhood Housing Services, leading to a working partnership with West Side Neighbor-hood Housing Services sharing staff and serv-ices, and now serving as lead agency for housing rehab throughout the city of Buffalo. On June 10th of this year, West Side NHS and Black Rock NHS celebrated 35 years of service and another milestone of achievement was acknowledged on the recognition of its Executive Director who will leave a community better than when she arrived and clearly better prepared to continue to grow and thrive each and every day. 
While Linda worked for the community, it is 
well known that her children and grandchildren are her world. We extend our best wishes and gratitude to her son John and daughter-in-law Maria, her daughter Nicole and son-in-law Jeff, and her seven grandchildren Vinny, Alexa, Johnny, Madeline, Jack, Jeff and Addison. I am especially grateful for her friendship, invaluable guidance and leadership ability that led to remarkable growth in neigh-borhood reinvestment, expanded services and stronger partnerships. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor the career of Linda Chiarenza. I ask that my colleagues join me in expressing our congratulations on a well- earned retirement, and to celebrate the exem-plary work she did to enrich the communities of Western New York. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GOKASHO, 
JAPAN ‘‘PEACE MEMORIAL MONUMENT COMMITTEE’’ AND A WWII ARMY AIR CORPS CREW THAT PERISHED NEAR TAKACHIHO, GOKASHO WHOSE LIVES THEY COMMEMORATE AN-NUALLY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the ‘‘Peace Memorial Monument Committee’’ of the Gokasho region of Japan which, since 1995, has honored the lives of a World War II U.S. Army Air Corps crew that perished near the local town of Takachiho. 
On August 30th, 1945, an American B–29 
Bomber with twelve Army Air Corps crew members on board clipped the peak of the Oyaji mountain in Takachiho. The bomber was on a mission to the Allied POW detention cen-ter at Kaitanko of Miyawaka, Fukuoka to air drop relief supplies. The ensuing crash left no survivors. The crew members’ bodies were re-trieved by the U.S. military with the help of the citizens of Takachiho. 
The names of the flight crew members that 
perished are Alfred Eiken of Missouri, Henry Baker of Tennessee, Jack Riggs of Kansas, George Williamson of Pennsylvania, John 
Cornwell of Texas, Henry Frees of Illinois, Sol-omon Groner of New York, Walter Gusteveson of Pennsylvania, Norman Henninger of Ohio, John Hodges, Jr. of Virginia, John Dangerfield of Utah, and Bob Miller of Utah. 
In 1995, the ‘‘Peace Memorial Monument 
Committee,’’ which is organized by the people of the Gokasho region of Japan, constructed the Peace Memorial Monument to honor this Army Air Corps crew as well as that of a Jap-anese Army Fighter jet ‘‘Hayabusa’’ which crashed in a nearby mountain town. A memo-rial ceremony has been held each year since 1995 to commemorate these two tragedies and pray for continued peace and friendship between the United States and Japan. The ceremony is held on the Saturday in August nearest to August 30th, the date of the Amer-ican crash. 
Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to have the 
privilege of recognizing these fallen warriors, as well as the act of commitment to peace and friendship by the people of the Gokasho region that has flourished from this tragedy. 
In closing, I ask all my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the Gokasho ‘‘Peace Memorial Monument Committee,’’ and the twelve Amer-ican Air Corps crew members whose lives they have not forgotten. 
f 
HONORING LORRAINE ‘‘LORRIE’’ 
LEWIS 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Lorrie Lewis, who passed away this August in Novato, California, at the age of 72. A lifelong advocate for people with develop-mental disabilities, Mrs. Lewis was defined by her radiant warmth, focused passion, and unremitting selfless actions. 
Calling Mrs. Lewis an inspiration does not 
capture her complete dedication to helping others. After managing a group home in the North Bay with her husband, Jim, the couple co-founded the Institute for Abundant Living (IAL) in 1995. Since then, the Institute has provided educational opportunities to people living with developmental disabilities, pushing them to achieve more academically and equip-ping them with skills to succeed personally and professionally. 
I can attest to the hard work and enthu-
siasm of both staff and students through my firsthand observations when visiting the Insti-tute for Abundant Living over the years. The organization plays an important role in the North Bay and has touched innumerable lives in its two decades of operation. Marin County was truly lucky to count Mrs. Lewis as an ac-tivist and neighbor. 
Mrs. Lewis was active in her faith commu-
nity and loved nothing more than being with her family. She will be missed far beyond those circles, however, as her unyielding ef-forts will continue to impact our community for years to come. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and express our deepest condolences to Jim, her sons Andy and Kirt Lewis, and her grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.010 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1217 September 8, 2015 
HONORING SANDRA WILLIAMS 
BUSH AND RECOGNIZING HER DEDICATION TO HELPING OTH-ERS 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Ms. Sandra Williams Bush for her outstanding commitment to service as well as the sharing of knowl-edge, culture, and community. Sandra Bush is the recipient of the Buffalo Association of Black Social Workers, Inc. Community Service Award; the Black Chamber of Commerce of WNY Beverly Gray Community Service Award, the GROUP Ministries, Inc. Community Achievement Award, the Harriet Tubman Community Service Award, the Afro-American Historical Association of the Niagara Frontier, Inc. William Wells Brown Community Service Award, and Community Service Recognition from the City of Buffalo Common Council Community. 
Sandra Bush, the daughter of Willis and 
Evelyn Williams, was born in Buffalo and grew up attending schools within the Buffalo school system. She continued her education, earning a Human Services degree from Medaille Col-lege and a Masters of Library Science degree from the University of Buffalo School of Infor-mation and Library Science. Her well-rounded education only strengthened her passion to help others. In August of 1985, Sandra began her career with the Buffalo and Eire County Public Library as a clerk with the Department of Extension Services. A few years later, she decided to pursue a degree in library science, and in 1991 she received her certification as a public librarian. Her career also included working with the RAM Van, Lookie Bookie, the Bookmobile and other several city branch li-braries. 
Sandra is retiring as the first Branch Man-
ager of the Frank E. Merriweather, Jr. Library. There she oversaw the care of the largest re-source center of African and African American history in central and western New York. Be-yond maintaining the collection, she worked tirelessly to incorporate the community with quality library service, programming and out-reach efforts. 
She credits strong family support along with 
encouragement from the community for her achievements. Friends and family joined San-dra Bush for her retirement party on August 21, 2015 at the Frank Merriweather Library between 3:30 and 5:30 p.m. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Ms. Sandra Williams Bush. I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating Ms. Bush on an accomplished career and to commend her for her admirable work within the Buffalo li-brary system and community. CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF JAPANTOWN SAN JOSE´(NIHONMACHI) 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
Representatives Z OE LOFGREN and A NNA 
ESHOO to honor the 125th Anniversary of the 
establishment of Japantown San Jose ´ 
(Nihonmachi) in Santa Clara Valley. Nihonmachi is a reflection of the values of the original Japanese immigrant community, the Issei (first generation), who settled in Santa Clara Valley in 1890. By the early 20th cen-tury, the community formally established resi-dence in what is now Nihonmachi, which of-fered a uniquely Japanese source of employ-ment, lodging, goods, services, and cultural support. Nihonmachi is one of only three re-maining Japantowns in the United States today. 
Soon after the founding of Nihonmachi, with 
the support of the Gentlemen’s Agreement of 1907, an increased number of Japanese women began settling in Santa Clara Valley. This led to the growth of families and the birth of the Nisei (second generation) of Nihonmachi residents. 
Nihonmachi witnessed its first national trag-
edy as the Great Depression enveloped the United States. However, despite national eco-nomic hardship, Nihonmachi experienced slow, yet steady economic growth. Nihonmachi further strengthened its presence in the region by welcoming other Asian com-munities, serving as a cultural refuge for Chi-nese and Filipino immigrants. This cultural di-versity among the residents of Nihonmachi al-lowed the neighborhood to withstand the tur-moil of World War II, as well as the forced in-ternment of Japanese Americans in 1942. 
After the post-war return of the Japanese 
American community to the West Coast and Santa Clara Valley, Nihonmachi became a haven for residents against the simmering anti-Japanese sentiment and national racial hysteria. Despite the open adversity faced by Nihonmachi, its population nearly doubled in size due to the addition of Sansei (third gen-eration) by the end of the 1940s. 
Through the late 1960s and into the 1970s 
the Nisei were caring not only for the aging Issei and growing Sansei, but were also deter-mined to preserve Japanese culture and com-bat the widespread acculturation of their com-munity into mainstream American culture. It was during the 1970s that the Sansei em-barked on a path of political activism set on sparking a renewal of Nihonmachi through cul-tural awareness. 
Since the 1980s, Nihonmachi has experi-
enced a period of revitalization, including the building of new commercial and residential de-velopment, including projects on land that had once been a neighboring Chinatown. Further-more, the installation of historical markers and plaques around the neighborhood commemo-rate the cultural history and achievements of Nihonmachi. 
Currently, the Yonsei and Gosei (fourth and 
fifth generations) play a vital role in the inter-national dialogue between Nihonmachi and Japan as well as the continued preservation of Japanese culture brought to Santa Clara Val-ley by the Issei 125 years ago. For instance, 
in 2013, the Japantown Business Association sponsored fundraising events to provide aid and support to victims of the Tohoku tsunami and earthquake in Japan. 
Mr. Speaker, we commend Japantown San 
Jose´for its 125 years of dedication to the 
preservation of Japanese culture in the in-creasingly diverse Santa Clara Valley. As one of only three remaining Japantowns in the United States, Nihonmachi’s contributions to the cultural preservation of the Japanese American community and its commitment to cultural and economic development of the re-gion serve as a national example of what can be accomplished by uniting communities and working toward positive change, diversity, and mutual respect. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEG-
ACY OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BELOVED JAMES C. ‘‘BUCK’’ SMITH 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved James C. ‘‘Buck’’ Smith, who passed away peacefully in his home after a long battle with Alzheimer’s on August 11, 2015. A longtime resident of Fort Walton Beach and former City Councilman, Buck had a deep love for his family and community, and his contributions, especially the impact on youth in the area, will be remembered. 
Born on January 7, 1936 in Columbus, 
Georgia to Red and Myrtis Clements Smith, Buck and his siblings moved to Florida’s Gulf Coast following his mother’s passing. Buck, who had a love for sports, which remained with him throughout his life, played football at Choctawhatchee High School, where he grad-uated Class of 1955, as well as played at Holmes Junior College in Mississippi. 
Upon his return home to Fort Walton Beach, 
Buck became an active member of the com-munity. As a small businessman, Buck started Smith’s Plumbing, Randall’s Nursery, and Bucran Corporation. As a leader in the civic arena, he was elected to serve the area he loved as Fort Walton Beach City Councilman from 1983 to 1991. Buck also was a member of the Shriners and was a Free Mason. 
It was his passion for community and its 
youth, however, to whom he dedicated much of his life, by which many will remember Buck. He was instrumental in securing the Fort Wal-ton Beach High School’s field house and baseball field, as well as preparing the tennis courts for action at Bruner Middle School. He strongly advocated for the need of a voca-tional school in the area, helped found the Fel-lowship of Christian Athletes in Okaloosa County and the All Sports Association, which he was inducted into its Hall of Fame in 2004. Whether it was growing the love of softball in the area by starting a men’s slow pitch softball team, which competed at National’s in 1973; attending high school football games and cheering on players; or supporting Little League teams; Buck was inspired by the char-acter and camaraderie built as a result of par-ticipating in organized sports. He believed in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.013 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1218 September 8, 2015 
the youth and was dedicated to ensuring that 
they were afforded the opportunity to become involved. 
Without question, Buck lived a life full of 
love and giving back to those around him. He was a friend and mentor to countless individ-uals and one of the area youth’s biggest fans. To his family, however, he will most be re-membered as a loving husband, father, and grandfather, a great man who they were blessed to have as their own and share with the Northwest Florida community. 
On behalf of the United States Congress, I 
am privileged to recognize the life of James C. ‘‘Buck’’ Smith. My wife Vicki and I extend our heartfelt prayers and condolences to his wife of 44 years, Billie; daughter, Tina and her hus-band, Ryan; granddaughters Amber and Ryleigh; brother, Rocky; sisters, Connie, Debbie, Sonya, and Rita; and all of the Smith family. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 25TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE PRESCOTT AREA WILDLAND URBAN INTERFACE COMMISSION 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the silver anniversary and 25 years of dedicated service of the Prescott Area Wildland Urban Interface Commission (PAWUIC). 
In 1989, Ed Hollenshead and Coy Jemmett 
of the Prescott National along with Prescott Fire Department’s Ron Prince and Darrell Wil-lis originally conceived the idea of an organi-zation where community leaders were involved in combating issues in the Wildland Urban Interface (WUI). These conversations evolved into a task force known as the Interagency Fire and Emergency Management Group. A year later, The Prescott Area Wildland Urban Interface Commission was officially formed on September 7, 1990 when a memorandum of understanding was signed by PAWUIC, the City of Prescott, Yavapai County, Central Yavapai Fire District, Arizona State Land Deptarment and the Prescott National Forest. 
In 2001, Prescott was selected as one of 
seven communities in the United States to participate in the National Fire Protection As-sociation’s Firewise Communities program. This distinction resulted from Prescott having a strong, citizen-led commission on WUI issues. 
Today, there are approximately 30 Firewise 
certified communities in and around Prescott protecting more than 12,000 properties and representing more than half of all Firewise communities in the State of Arizona. 
I am proud to honor the Prescott Area 
Wildland Urban Interface Commission for their valuable contributions towards preventing dan-gerous wildfires and combating other wildland urban interface issues. At a time in our na-tion’s history when catastrophic wildfires are devastating the West and have burned nearly 9 million acres this year alone, we must em-brace commonsense and worthwhile efforts that encourage active forest management. As 
a native Arizonan, I am personally thankful for the hard work and dedication that this com-mission has set forth by empowering so many citizen volunteers. 
f 
HONORING COL. JAMES ISAAC 
WHEELER 
HON. MARTHA McSALLY 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the life of Col. James Isaac Wheeler, who passed away on August 24, 2015 at the age of 93. 
Col. Wheeler was an exceptional pilot who 
served his country with honor in three different conflicts—World War II, Korea, and Vietnam. Over his career in the Air Force, he piloted the P–47 ‘‘Thunderbolt,’’ F–86, and C–47. 
Upon his retirement, Col. Wheeler continued 
to serve his community and fellow airmen, holding numerous leadership positions in vet-erans organizations in Tucson. He was stoutly devoted to his fellow veterans and serving the Southern Arizona community he called home. 
I met Col. Wheeler as a young captain after 
arriving at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base in 1994. He became a great friend over the years and always encouraged me in my jour-ney as a pilot, officer, and, most recently, Congresswoman. He was such a wonderful example of continued faithful service to the community, Air Force, and military members and family. He was a patriot and true servant leader, and I am so grateful for his example and friendship. 
Few can say they answered the call to 
serve and defend our country as often, and during such critical times, as Col. Wheeler. It was my honor to have known and served with him, and I extend my sincere condolences to his family and friends. 
f 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERV-
ICE AND SELFLESS SACRIFICE OF TECHNICAL SERGEANT TIM-OTHY A. OFFICER, JR. 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to pay tribute to a fallen deco-rated American hero. On Monday, August 3, 2015, Technical Sergeant Timothy A. Officer, Jr., of the 24th Special Operations Wing, lo-cated in Florida’s First Congressional District, tragically lost his life during a military freefall training accident. TSgt Officer was 32 years old, but lived a lifetime marked by and full of service. 
Timothy was born to Timothy and Linda Of-
ficer on August 8, 1982 in Huntington, West Virginia. After graduating high school, he fol-lowed in his family’s footsteps of service and joined the Air Force in 2001. Upon becoming a Tactical Air Control Party Journeyman and 
ultimately a Joint Terminal Attack Controller, TSgt Officer earned his stripes as one of our Nation’s most elite, both in training and in the ultimate crucible of combat. With multiple de-ployments around the globe and specifically in support of Operations IRAQI FREEDOM and ENDURING FREEDOM, TSgt Officer’s leader-ship and devotion to duty served his fellow air-men and our Nation well over his prestigious fourteen-year career. 
Among his many awards and accolades are 
two Bronze Stars, one with Valor Device, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, Air Force Commendation Medal, Army Commendation Medal with three oak leaf clusters, Air Force Achievement Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Meritorious Unit Award with one oak leaf cluster, Combat Readiness Medal, Air Force Good Conduct Medal with three oak leaf clusters, National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Iraq Campaign Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Global War on Terrorism Ex-peditionary Medal, among many others. 
One fateful night in Iraq, on March 31, 2003, 
while serving as a Tactical Air Command and Control Journeyman in support of the 1st Ar-mored Division, TSgt Officer and his unit were engaged by enemy mortar, artillery, and direct fire. After an artillery shell exploded near his vehicle, then Airman Officer engaged the enemy, killing two, while coordinating close air support. When his crew ran out of ammuni-tion, the citation for his Bronze Star with Valor reads, ‘‘He voluntarily dismounted his vehicle, ran across the battlefield through a hail of small arms fire to another vehicle, and re-turned with enough ammunition for his entire crew.’’ Then Airman Officer assisted in the de-livery of air support, resulting in 55 enemy killed. As the citation concludes, ‘‘His tremen-dous bravery under constant enemy fire un-doubtedly saved his fellow crewmembers along with countless members of task force 2– 70, and directly aided in the defeat of the enemy.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this is the type of man we lost 
on August 3, 2015. Described as honest and loyal, he truly was a significant role model for those who knew him, not just by his words but by his actions. Adding more weight to our hearts, TSgt Officer is the second son and brother his family lays to rest upon the altar of freedom. His younger brother, Army Sergeant Justin Officer, tragically fell on the battlefield of Afghanistan while serving with the 101st Air-borne on September 29, 2010. There are no words I, this body of Congress, or the Nation can say that might assuage the bereavement of the Officer family, as they endure the unendurable yet again. All I can say is on be-half of a humble and grateful Nation, we thank them for the love, counsel, guidance, and sup-port given to Timothy and Justin, which helped make them the heroes they became. Their lives stand as a testament that freedom is not free, and their legacies will echo in time as ex-amples of the ultimate sacrifice for all free people. My wife, Vicki, joins me in praying that God is with Timothy’s parents, Timothy and Linda; his sister Kylea; and all of his family and friends during this time of great mourning, and may God continue to bless the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.015 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1219 September 8, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO THE REMARKABLE 
LIFE OF AMELIA PLATTS BOYN-TON ROBINSON 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to the extraordinary life and legacy of an American treasure and one of my personal heroes, the courageous Mrs. Amelia Platts Boynton Robinson. Amelia passed away on August 26, 2015 at the age of 104. While we mourn the loss of this re-markable woman, I am comforted in knowing that her brave spirit will live through her impactful contributions to this nation. 
Amelia was a key figure in the voting rights 
movement in Selma, Alabama and she is often remembered for her historic role as one of the coordinators and marchers on ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ On that solemn day on the Edmund Pettus Bridge, Amelia was savagely beaten and a photo of her taken shortly after she was attacked became a powerful symbol of the in-justices suffered by those fighting on the frontlines of the movement. 
Yet this fearless revolutionary continued her 
work as a leader on the frontlines of securing the right to vote for all Americans. She was undeterred by the perils of a racially unjust so-ciety that relegated blacks to second-class citi-zenship. Her story is a testament to her com-mitment to serving as a conduit for change and a reminder of why we in Alabama lovingly refer to her as the matriarch of the movement. 
Amelia was born on August 18, 1911 in Sa-
vannah, Georgia. Her mother was an activist during the women’s suffrage movement. After the passage of the 19th amendment, she and her mother distributed voter registration infor-mation to women from the family’s horse and buggy in 1920. Her mother’s tireless efforts to secure the right to vote for women would have a lasting impact on Amelia. It also paved the way for the young activist to claim her own place in American history. 
Fueled by that same passion, Amelia began 
her own service to mankind when she and her husband Samuel Boynton fought for voting rights and property ownership for African- Americans in the poorest rural areas of Ala-bama. She was later named the only female lieutenant to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. during the civil rights movement. In this role, Amelia traveled alongside Dr. King and often ap-peared in his stead for various events and gatherings during the movement. 
Amelia is also best known for her leadership 
that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Amelia was such an integral part of the process that the contents of the bill were drafted at her kitchen table in Selma. 
On May 5, 1964, Amelia broke yet another 
barrier when she became the first woman in the state of Alabama to run for a congres-sional seat. She garnered 10.7 percent of the vote during a time when very few blacks were registered voters. Her historic run further so-lidified her impact on the movement for human rights in Alabama. 
When this extraordinary woman wasn’t con-
tributing her time to the causes of her genera-tion, she worked as an educator, a home demonstrations agent with the Department of Agriculture, an insurance agent, an income tax preparer, and a real estate agent. She at-
tended Georgia State Industrial School, which was renamed Savannah State University and Tuskegee Normal, which is now known as Tuskegee University. 
Without her courageous campaign for the 
7th Congressional District, I know that my election to this seat in 2010 would not have been possible. Her sacrifices paved the way for me to walk the halls of Congress and I will carry my love and admiration for her in my heart each and every day. I will always cher-ish the time we spent together when she hon-ored me as my special guest for the State of the Union on January 20, 2015. I am grateful for the memories of her greeting President Obama that night and I am so blessed to have called her a beloved mentor and friend. 
As she reminded us in life, there is still 
much work to be done for this nation to live up to its ideals of equality and justice for all. Let us be inspired by the extraordinary life of Amelia to keep striving and working towards a more perfect union. May we honor her by con-tinuing her life’s work. I ask my colleagues to join with me in saluting Mrs. Platts Amelia Boynton Robinson, an Alabama gem and an American treasure. Thank you. 
f 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERV-
ICE AND SELFLESS SACRIFICE OF TECHNICAL SERGEANT MARTY B. BETTELYOUN 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to pay tribute to a fallen deco-rated American hero. On Monday, August 3, 2015, Technical Sergeant Marty B. Bettelyoun of the 24th Special Operations Wing, located in Florida’s First Congressional District, trag-ically lost his life during a military freefall train-ing accident. TSgt Bettelyoun was 35 years old, but lived a lifetime marked by and full of service. 
Born to Sonny and Christina Bettelyoun on 
October 18, 1979 in Eugene, Oregon, TSgt Bettelyoun graduated from Oregon City High School. After graduation, he answered the call and joined the Air Force in 2000. Enduring one of the most challenging training pipelines the United States military has to offer, TSgt Bettelyoun earned his stripes as one of our Nation’s most elite. As a lead instructor in Sur-vival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape, and later as a Combat Controller with multiple training and combat deployments around the globe, TSgt Bettelyoun’s leadership and devo-tion to duty served thousands of airmen and our Nation well throughout his prestigious fif-teen-year career. 
Among his many awards and accolades are 
the Air Force Commendation Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Air Force Achievement Medal with two oak leaf clusters, Meritorious Unit Award with four oak leaf clusters, Air Force Good Conduct Medal with four oak leaf clus-ters, National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Air Force Overseas Ribbon Long, Air Force Expedi-tionary Service Ribbon with Gold Border, Air Force Longevity Service Ribbon with two oak 
leaf clusters, USAF Noncommissioned Officer Professional Military Education Graduate Rib-bon with one oak leaf cluster, and the Air Force Training Ribbon. 
By all accounts, TSgt Bettelyoun was the 
consummate leader and selfless warrior in his professional life as well as his personal life. Described by close friends as being able to walk into a room of strangers and leave their friend, TSgt Bettelyoun surely lived a full, al-beit too brief, life. A dedicated family man, it remains clear his family was the most impor-tant aspect in this young patriot’s life. With five children to his beloved wife, Jennifer, TSgt Bettelyoun and Jennifer took in a young cous-in as their own, after the cousin’s parents trag-ically passed away. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the type of man we lost 
on August 3, 2015. There are no words I, this body of Congress, or the Nation can say that might assuage the bereavement of the Bettelyoun family and the six children Marty leaves behind. All I can say is on behalf of a humble and grateful Nation, we thank them for the love, counsel, guidance, and support given to Marty, which helped make him the hero he became both in uniform and as a father. His life stands as a testament that freedom is not free, and his legacy will echo in time as an ex-ample of the ultimate sacrifice for all free peo-ple. My wife, Vicki, joins me in praying that God be with Marty’s wife, Jennifer; his children Kalyn, Olivia, Benjamin, Isabella, and Mollie; his parents, Sonny and Christina; brothers Luke and Adam; Stepmother Sharon and Stepfather Jim; and all family and friends dur-ing this time of great mourning, and may God continue to bless the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE HUMANE 
SOCIETY OF FAIRFAX COUNTY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ac-
knowledge and congratulate the Humane So-ciety of Fairfax County for reaching the grand old age of 50, and, perhaps more impres-sively, for spending those years caring for the animals of Virginia’s 8th District. 
The Humane Society of Fairfax County was 
established by concerned citizens in 1965 in order to pursue the three-fold mission of pro-moting humane education, preventing all forms of cruelty to animals—both domestic and wild—by every legitimate means avail-able, and assisting the community with all matters pertaining to the welfare of animals. 
In furtherance of this mission, the HSFC 
provides numerous different services for both the animals and people within its community. The HSFC accepts and cares for all animals in need—dogs and cats of course, but also birds, rabbits, gerbils, and more. They care for animals that have been given up by their fami-lies and for animals from overwhelmed and kill shelters. They help military families that have special needs in regard to caring for their ani-mals and they provide emergency medical treatment for animals from families that wouldn’t otherwise be able to afford such care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.020 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1220 September 8, 2015 
They provide spay and neuter services for 
community cats and run a pet food pantry to assist families during financial difficulties. 
They do all of this, which would be impres-
sive enough on its own, and yet the HSFC goes even further—they have made a con-scious decision not to simply fix the problems that come their way, but to also seek out unaddressed problems and resolve them. They have been involved with legislative issues such as ensuring adequate shelter and veterinary care for animals and stopping the operation of rodeos and circuses. They em-ploy investigators that, for over 40 years, have investigated thousands of cruelty and neglect cases. Finally, they have assisted with the 
Deer Spay Project for the past 2 years. 
I hope I have made it as clear to you as it 
is to me that the Humane Society of Fairfax County is an outstanding, upstanding organi-zation that has done more than can here be described for the animals and families in their community. I thank them for their valuable work and wish them many more happy anni-versaries to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COLONEL CHARLES 
EDWARD COOKE 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a respected public servant and outstanding citizen, Colonel Charles Edward Cooke. Sadly, Colonel Cooke passed away on Sunday, August 2, 2015. Fu-neral services were held on Monday, August 10, 2015 at 10:00 a.m. at Andersonville Na-tional Cemetery in Andersonville, Georgia. 
Colonel Cooke devoted nearly three dec-
ades of his life to protecting his country in the United States Marine Corps, an unwavering responsibility for which we are all greatly in-debted. In his 31 years of duty, he was sta-tioned in nine states and eleven countries. Though his responsibilities carried him across the globe, Colonel Cooke always enjoyed re-turning to his birthplace of Plains, Georgia and hometown of Americus, Georgia. 
Throughout his career, Colonel Cooke im-
pacted the lives of thousands of young service men and women who served under him. For his outstanding leadership he was awarded the Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Serv-ice Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Joint Service Commendation Medal with Gold Star, and the Navy/Marine Corps Achievement Medal. Beyond these achievements and the respect held for him by Marines everywhere, he was an honorable human being who loved deeply and, in return, was deeply loved. 
Following his retirement from the Marine 
Corps in 2004, Colonel Cooke worked for Northrup Grumman as an Information Assur-ance Specialist. His co-workers and fellow servicemen cherished the smile and booming laugh of a man with seasoned wisdom and a passion for reveling in the beauties of life. After 7 years, he retired to full-time community service with organizations such as the Semper Fi Community Task Force and Meals on Wheels. 
Colonel Cooke was a resolute steward of 
Christ’s message. His faith and spirituality al-ways reminded those around him of the power 
of love and fellowship through Christ and his Church. He earned a Certificate of Biblical Studies from the Union Chapel Missionary Baptist Church Institute of Biblical Studies and served as deacon of First Mount Zion Baptist Church in Dumfries, Virginia for four years. 
Colonel Cooke is survived by his wife of 44 
years, Wilma; daughter, Mary; siblings Oscar, Josie, Lula May, Carrie, and Barbara; six grandchildren; and a host of other family members and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 people of the Sec-ond Congressional District salute Colonel Charles Cooke for his dedicated service to our nation and to his community. I ask my col-leagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Colonel Cooke’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
HONORING MR. VU VAN LOC FOR 
HIS SERVICE TO SANTA CLARA COUNTY 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a distinguished member of my commu-nity, Mr. Vu Van Loc. Mr. Vu has been a lead-er in Santa Clara County for nearly forty years. As the founder of the Immigrant Reset-tlement & Cultural Center, Mr. Vu provided es-sential resettlement services to Vietnamese refugees immediately after the Fall of Saigon and for decades following. He pioneered the historical preservation of the journey of the Vi-etnamese Boat People when he created the Viet Museum in San Jose, which displays their journey. 
Mr. Vu was born in 1933 in Nam Dinh, 
North Vietnam. He became a Lieutenant upon graduation from the Dalat academy in 1954. During the Vietnam War, he held multiple leadership positions in the South Vietnam Army, including Colonel Director for the Gen-eral Logistics Department. 
After the Fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975, 
Vu Van Loc came to the United States and settled in San Jose, California. Shortly after his arrival, Mr. Vu began working with the Indochinese Resettlement & Cultural Center, or IRCC, to assist immigrants arriving from Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos who were be-ginning to settle in Northern California. The Social Planning Committee of Santa Clara County created the IRCC as a temporary of-fice in 1976, but it was Mr. Vu who spear-headed IRCC’s efforts and ensured the orga-nization’s mission was fulfilled in the decades that followed. 
Over forty years, Mr. Vu built the IRCC as 
a community-based organization to serve Viet-namese immigrants in resettlement. Due to his efforts, IRCC, which changed its name to the Immigrant Resettlement & Cultural Center in the 1990s, has provided over 20,000 immi-grants with access to resettlement services, such as ESL classes, job training programs, housing assistance, U.S. citizenship applica-tion assistance, and voter registration informa-
tion. 
Mr. Vu’s work with the IRCC has also en-
sured that the history of the Vietnam War, and the sacrifice of many South Vietnamese sol-diers, is not forgotten. In 1993, Mr. Vu gath-ered contributions to help restore the aban-doned Bien Hoa Military Cemetery in Vietnam. 
With this support he helped ensure the Viet-namese government would not destroy the site as it had other military cemeteries. 
Mr. Vu also had a vision for the creation of 
a museum that preserved the history of South Vietnam, the Vietnam War, and the diaspora of Vietnamese Boat People. In 2008, the Re-public of Vietnam Boat People Museum opened at History Park in San Jose. Mr. Vu’s efforts were critical in building community sup-port to establish the museum. Today, the Viet Museum is a San Jose treasure that ensures the courageous stories from survivors of the Vietnamese Exodus are never forgotten, espe-cially by young people. 
Vu Van Loc has been a dedicated leader 
within the Vietnamese community in Santa Clara County. I had the pleasure of first meet-ing Mr. Vu when I served on the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors. He has been an important friend throughout my public service to Santa Clara County. I am grateful for his dedication, and through these remarks I here-by recognize and commend Mr. Vu for his service to Santa Clara County and our immi-grant community. 
f 
HONORING CHANCELLOR JOSE ´ 
ORTIZ 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary career of Dr. Jose ´Ortiz, 
Chancellor of Peralta Community College Dis-trict. The Peralta District spans six cities within the East Bay and serves over 60,000 stu-dents. 
Dr. Ortiz has spent his career serving within 
institutions of higher education and in a variety of administrative positions. His career brought him to campuses in California, Maryland, and the University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon. His range of experience, both professionally and culturally, made him the ideal candidate to serve at Peralta, which is within my Congres-sional District; the most diverse Congressional district in the nation. 
Prior to serving as Chancellor, Dr. Ortiz 
served as Vice President to Laney College, which falls under the umbrella of the Peralta Community College system. While there he was known for his deep understanding and commitment to the many challenges facing the extremely diverse student body. 
Later, in 2005, Dr. Ortiz moved on to be-
come President of Allan Hancock College in Santa Maria, California, where he served until 2012. Little did he know he would one day re-turn home to Oakland and the Peralta system. Dr. Ortiz’s appointment served as an oppor-tunity for him to return home to foster his friendly relationships and spend more time with his family. 
His appointment came in the years following 
the Great Recession, at a time when commu-nity college districts across the nation were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.002 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1221 September 8, 2015 
facing a multitude of challenges; Dr. Ortiz 
called upon his exemplary leadership abilities and relationship building with his colleagues to help lead the district through some of its most trying time. 
While serving as Chancellor, he emphasized 
delivering programs and services that en-hanced the region’s human, economic, envi-ronmental, and social development. Dr. Ortiz provided leadership and advocacy for the di-verse students of the four colleges while pro-moting his mission of supporting student aca-demic access and success. His demonstrated commitment to students serves as a fine ex-ample to others working toward providing high quality educational opportunities and services to the marginalized and underrepresented. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, I salute Dr. Jose ´ 
M Ortiz, for his outstanding service and pas-sionate commitment to the Peralta Community College District. Dr. Ortiz has touched many lives throughout his career, and I wish him and his loved ones continued success and happiness. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PATRICIA 
PENNISI 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Patricia Pennisi as she retires after forty years of service to the Stanford Settle-ment Neighborhood Center. As her family, friends, and colleagues gather to celebrate her long list of accomplishments and years of service, I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring this great individual who has served and contributed so much to the Sacramento re-gion. 
Since receiving her Master’s Degree in So-
cial Work in 1970 from the University of Kan-sas and shortly after her certification from the Academy of Certified Social Workers in 1972, Ms. Pennisi has been committed to the mis-sion of social work. For the last forty years, Ms. Pennisi has been an integral part of the important programs that have made the Stan-ford Settlement Neighborhood Center an es-sential part of the North Sacramento commu-nity. As longtime Assistant Director of Stanford Settlement Neighborhood, she has been at the forefront of directing the center’s children and youth services. With the leadership of Ms. Pennisi, both the Children’s Program and the Teen Center Program have grown and flour-ished. In addition, to helping raise funds to support the center’s many programs, she has been vital in ensuring its continued success. 
Over her entire career, Ms Pennisi has 
worked tirelessly to be a champion for chil-dren. She has been a remarkable influence on her colleagues, as well as the student interns that have had the privilege of working with her. Although she will be greatly missed for her vast contributions, she will be fondly re-membered for her ability to make Sacramento a better place and for her contributions to the Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center. 
Mr. Speaker, as Patricia and her family, 
friends and colleagues gather to celebrate her retirement, I am pleased to honor and recog-nize her for her hard work to help the Sac-ramento community. I ask my colleagues to 
join me in wishing her the best in retirement and thanking her for her service to the Sac-ramento region. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF 
ROSELLEN KERSHAW 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Rosellen Kershaw who recently passed away at the age of 87. She leaves behind her loving family, including her daughter Julie, and granddaughters, Taylor and Morgan Marsoobian. Fresno County is truly indebted to Rosellen’s legacy of service, integrity and love. 
Rosellen Kershaw was born on August 29, 
1923, to Charles and Pinkie Kershaw in Fres-no, California. She spent almost her entire life in the Central Valley, graduating from Fresno High School and Fresno State College. She received her Master’s Degree from San Fran-cisco State University. 
Rosellen taught school at the elementary, 
high school and college levels. However, she consistently referred to herself as a ‘‘profes-sional volunteer,’’ having dedicated more than 50 years of her life to the causes and organi-zations in Fresno that she felt most passionate about. Ms. Kershaw was committed to improv-ing her community one hour at a time. 
The fruits of Rosellen’s labors were re-
flected in her involvement with local organiza-tions and clubs, such as the Ani Guild of the California Armenian Home, of which she was a founder and board member for over 40 years. She was also President of the League of Women Voters of Fresno, California State President of American Association of Univer-sity Women, Chair of the Fresno Housing and Community Development Commission, Chair of the CSUF Arts and Humanities Advisory, board member of the Fresno Regional Foun-dation, Secretary of the Fresno County Grand Jury, board member of the California Journal, President of the Fresno Art Museum, and President of the Friends of Fresno County Li-brary. In addition, she was a founder and first general manager of Valley Public Radio. Among her many achievements, Rosellen re-ceived the California Rotary Paul Harris Fellow accolade, and was awarded the CSU Fresno Top Dog Award for Service. 
Rosellen Kershaw was an extraordinary 
woman with a commitment to family, friends and her community. Her service will forever be remembered by the lives she so graciously touched. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join me in honoring the life of Rosellen Kershaw, a true pillar of our commu-nity who will never be forgotten. 
f 
HONORING SHARON SILVA 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and honor Turlock Chamber of Commerce Chief Executive Officer Sharon 
Silva for her many years of profound service to Turlock. After fifteen years of dedicated work, she retired on August 31, 2015. 
Born and raised in Phoenix, Arizona, Shar-
on moved to the small town of Turlock, Cali-fornia with her family. Sharon found the time to further her education at Modesto Junior College and California State University, Stanislaus where she received her Bachelor’s degree in Organizational Communications. In addition, she graduated from the National Trust for Historic Preservation in Washington, D.C. with a Main Street Certification Institute Certification in Historic Preservation and also from the US Chamber Institute in Chamber Management at the University of Arizona in 2004. 
For eight and half years, Sharon served as 
the Executive Director of the Turlock Down-town Association, where she made enduring contributions to beautifying and restoring the historic downtown of Turlock. Among numer-ous activities that celebrated the culture of Turlock, she planned major community events such as the Festival of Lights Tree Lighting Ceremony and the Fourth of July parade. Dur-ing Mrs. Silva’s last three years with the Downtown Association, she was promoted to the position of Chief Executive Officer for the Turlock Chamber of Commerce and Conven-tion and Visitor’s Bureau, and diligently oversaw all three agencies. Sharon has been a beacon in the community and an integral part of the non-profit organization’s success. 
Volunteering is second nature to Sharon; 
she has been a part of several different boards and a vital member of many different clubs and organizations. Appointed by the Mayor of Turlock and confirmed by the City Council, Sharon was one of nine committee members to become a part of the Develop-ment Collaborative Advisory Committee, and provide advice and recommendations to the city for improving the business climate. Fur-thermore, Sharon was co-chair of the Turlock Centennial Celebration in 2008, sat on the Board of Directors for the Turlock Community Theatre, and is a longtime member of the Ro-tary Club of Turlock. Sharon is a past member of the Turlock Unified School District Board and sits on a number of CSU Stanislaus com-mittees: the President’s Advisory council, the College of Business Board, the Alumni Board, the CSUS Warrior Association, and lastly, and the Center for Public Policies Studies Advisory Board. She served on Stanislaus County’s Economic Development Committee and on the Board of Directors for the Stanislaus County Alliance Workforce. She was also the chair of the county’s Redistricting Committee in 2011. Mrs. Silva stands as a role model for commu-nity dedication. Being actively involved and connected within the community as Sharon Silva has been, it comes as no surprise that she has received numerous awards and rec-ognitions. In 1995, she received the Turlock Citizen of the Year Award and Volunteer of the Year Award at the Best of Turlock Awards Dinner. While serving as the Executive Direc-tor for the Turlock Downtown Association, the organization received the Governor’s Award for Excellence in Revitalization Achievement in Design. The Turlock Chamber of Commerce was one of ten chambers in the state of Cali-fornia to be a CalChamber’s President Circle Recipient for six years in a row. In 2011, Shar-on Silva was named the Western Chamber 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.005 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1222 September 8, 2015 
Executive of the Year by the Western Associa-
tion of Chamber Executives. That same year, she was nominated by Assembly member Bill Berryhill for the Woman of the Year Award. She recently received the Woman of the Year Award from the Stanislaus County Women’s Commission. 
For the past 27 years, Sharon has been lov-
ingly married to Manuel Silva. She has two children: Tamra Spade and Douglas Holmes; five grandchildren: Richard Fortado, Kasondra Fortado, Kali Spade, Derek Holmes and Lexie Holmes; and one great granddaughter; Madilynn Bettencourt. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and 
recognizing the indispensable contributions Sharon Silva has brought to the Turlock Chamber of Commerce and its community. Sharon Silva has lived a profound experience and left a valuable legacy that many chamber CEOs may aspire to. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL 
OF ALLISON TRANSMISSION, IN-CORPORATED IN INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor to recognize one of Indianapolis’ and Indiana’s most venerable employers, Alli-son Transmission Inc., as the company cele-brates its Centennial this month. One hundred years ago, James A. Allison established the Speedway Team Company to support his Indi-anapolis 500 racing activities. On the first day of operation, with great significance, he hung a sign that read, ‘‘Whatever leaves this shop over my name must be of the finest work pos-sible.’’ A century later, this principle still guides the company that bears his name. 
From the company’s humble beginnings as 
a small machine shop, Allison Transmission has grown into the world’s largest manufac-turer of fully automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles and a leader in hybrid propulsion. Allison is a major supplier of transmissions for wheeled and tracked vehicles that keep our military strong and our soldiers safe, a lineage that can be traced back to 1917 and the advent of World War I. 
With its headquarters and primary manufac-
turing facilities still in Indianapolis, Hoosiers are proud of Allison’s 2,700 employees world-wide, its market presence in more than 80 countries, annual revenues exceeding $2 bil-lion, and a market capitalization of more than $5 billion. Allison Transmission is poised to re-main one of the United States’ most enduring examples of technological innovation and manufacturing excellence that all Americans can be proud of as we compete globally to grow jobs at home. Under the leadership of its dynamic CEO Lawrence Dewey, and through a strong partnership with the United Auto Workers, Allison Transmission continues to employ Hoosiers at wages that support strong families and the civic life of our community. 
It is a special source of pride to me, Mr. 
Speaker, that Allison Transmission played a key role in founding MEPI, the Minority Engi-neering Program Indianapolis, a non-profit or-ganization that encourages and prepares 
underrepresented minority students to enter STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Math) related career fields. For 25 years, Alli-son Transmission has provided MEPI students with financial support, mentors, instructors and access to its facilities for instructional pur-poses. 
The United Negro College Fund (UNCF) is 
one of the nation’s largest and most proactive organizations that provide minority students with educational opportunities at historically black colleges and universities. As a result of a partnership with Allison Transmission, the UNCF’s Bowling for Scholars Bowl-A-Thon has become its second largest fundraising ac-tivity in the Midwest. 
In November 2011, the Indiana Minority 
Supplier Dealer Council (IMSDC) awarded Alli-son Transmission its ‘‘Corporation of the Year’’ award. The award was in recognition of Allison’s outreach efforts to increase the num-ber of minority suppliers that do business with the company. Its employees have also served on the IMSDC board of directors, attended supplier fairs and sponsored local events that provide financial support to IMSDC. 
In closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in 
extending our congratulations to Allison Trans-mission for 100 years of success which has provided economic security to tens of thou-sands of Hoosiers and their families and an enhanced quality of life for all of us who call Indianapolis home. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF JULIAN 
BOND, CIVIL RIGHTS CHAMPION, GEORGIA LEGISLATOR, AND ELO-QUENT VOICE FOR JUSTICE, EQUALITY, AND HUMAN DIGNITY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
a heavy heart that I rise to speak in praise of Julian Bond, one of the leading lights of the Civil Rights Movement, who died on Saturday, August 15, 2015, at the age of 75. 
While Julian lost his battle to the illness that 
claimed his life, it is the struggle for civil rights and human dignity he helped to win that he will forever remembered and revered. 
Horace Julian Bond was born January 14, 
1940 in Nashville, Tennessee to Julia Agnes and Horace Mann Bond. 
Julian’s father was the first African-American 
President of Lincoln University of Pennsyl-vania, the same institution attended by Thurgood Marshall and Langston Hughes who would both go on to make substantial con-tributions to the Civil Rights Movement and the advancement of African-Americans. 
Julian’s father later became president of At-
lanta University and Julian decided to attend Morehouse College, one of the leading black colleges in the nation. 
Julian Bond, who came from a long line of 
educators, determined at an early age to put his journalistic and organizing talents in serv-ice of the cause of civil rights and racial equal-ity. 
While a student at Morehouse College, Ju-
lian helped found The Pegasus, a literary magazine, and led nonviolent student protests against segregation in Atlanta parks, res-
taurants, and movie theaters. 
Mr. Speaker, today it is difficult to imagine 
there once was a time in our country when 
blacks and whites could not eat together in public restaurants, use the same public rest-rooms, stay at the same hotels, or attend the same schools. 
Julian Bond answered the call to action and 
put his studies on hold to devote all of his en-ergies and efforts to ending segregation and racial discrimination. 
Mr. Speaker, it is not unusual these days for 
us to think of a champion as someone who re-ceives the highest accolades in sports. 
Julian Bond was a champion of the people. His success is measured not in the numbers 
of trophies, medals, ribbons, and champion-ship banners, but in the number of doors and opportunities he helped to open for those who had been neglected, marginalized, and disenfranchised. 
Julian Bond knew that to bring about non- 
violent social change it was necessary to or-ganize so he co-founded the Student Non-violent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). 
SNCC, which organized and mobilized the 
participation of students and young people in the Civil Rights Movement, conceived the Freedom Rides that challenged the practice of racial segregation in interstate transportation and the Mississippi Freedom Summer project that undertook the dangerous work of helping African Americans register to vote in the state most committed to maintaining White suprem-acy by any means necessary. 
SNCC was not the first leadership role his-
tory and circumstance would call upon Julian Bond to assume; nor would it be the last. 
In 1965, after passage of the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, Julian Bond was elected to represent the resi-dents of the 32nd district in Georgia House of Representatives. 
But on January 10, 1966, his white col-
leagues in the Georgia House voted 184–12 not to seat him because he had publicly ex-pressed his opposition to the Vietnam War. 
Julian Bond challenged the refusal of the 
Georgia House to seat him and took his case all the way to the United States Supreme Court, which ruled in the unanimous decision of Bond v. Floyd, 385 U.S. 116 (1966), that expressing opposition to the Vietnam War was speech protected by the First Amendment and directed that he be seated as a duly elected member of the state legislature. 
Julian Bond would go on to serve three 
more terms in the Georgia House, where he co-founded the Georgia Legislative Black Cau-cus, and six terms in the Georgia State Sen-ate. 
In 1971, Julian Bond co-founded and served 
as president of the Southern Poverty Law Center that tracks the actions of hate groups to better inform and prepare communities about the dangers these groups pose. 
Julian Bond consistently identified issues of 
civil inequality and provided solutions by gath-ering groups of community leaders, profes-sionals, and educators to protect what the laws and policies would not, our basic civil rights. 
In 1998, Julian Bond’s commitment to jus-
tice and equality led him to answer the call to serve and accept the position of Chairman of the NAACP, a post he held until 2010. 
Julian Bond was able to bring the earnest 
fight to achieve equality into the modern era 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.008 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1223 September 8, 2015 
as he watched African-Americans achieve the 
highest awards in their professions and contin-ued to break down barriers. 
In November 2008, Julian Bond witnessed 
the election of the first African American Presi-dent of the United States, a feat thought im-possible just a decade earlier. 
Mr. Speaker, because of trailblazers like Ju-
lian Bond millions of Americans gained access to opportunities previously denied to members of their communities. 
Julian Bond spent 5 years with SNCC, 8 
years as president of the Southern Poverty Law Center, 12 years as the president of NAACP, 20 years as a state representative, and 75 years an unwavering champion of civil rights for all people, including the LGBT com-munity. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Julian’s 
beloved wife Pamela, his children and grand-children; and the untold millions of persons whose lives were touched by one of America’s greatest sons. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a 
moment of silence in memory of Julian Bond, a tireless and eloquent voice for justice, equal-ity, and human dignity who did so much to close the gap between the promise of Amer-ica’s founding ideals and the reality of peo-ple’s lives. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ELAINE FENNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Elaine Fenner of the Bluffs Arts Council for being a recipient of the Iowa Governor’s Volunteer Award. 
Each year Iowa Governor Terry Branstad 
honors individuals who have exemplified ex-ceptional commitment to their communities through various service related activities. Elaine was granted this prestigious award as she has demonstrated her dedication to serv-ing the Bluffs Arts Council as both a board member and volunteer. Elaine’s hard work and dedication to serving others truly embodies our Iowa values. 
I applaud Elaine for her commitment to 
service and giving back to the community. It is an honor to serve civic minded Iowans like her in the United States Congress. I know my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating her for receiving this award and wish her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING JUAN BAUTISTA MORA 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Juan Bautista Mora who turned 98 years old on May 3, 2015. 
Mr. Mora was born in Chilili, New Mexico in 
1917 as the youngest member of the family that included nine children. His father was a logger assistant who traveled to the southern part of the territory and his mother was a 
homemaker who also took care of many chores on the family farm. 
Juan was placed on a horse at age 6 and 
taught how to do some of the farming and ranching. In 1922, he became very ill and was cared for by one of his sisters until he recov-ered. Juan received most of his education from a home school teacher, since he had many responsibilities on the farm. 
At age 17, he became a U.S. Census Taker 
in the Sandia Mountains and would travel from farm to farm, gathering the necessary informa-tion. 
At age 18, he decided to take the test to 
enter the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). At the time, he weighed less than 105 pounds and there was a weight requirement. Juan and his friends went to town and ate as many ba-nanas as they could before being weighed for a second time. He made it into the Corps. 
He was assigned to Camp #8 in LaVentana, 
New Mexico where he was assigned the work of building cabins and roads. He earned $1.00 per day and would keep $5.00 each month and send $25.00 home to his family. The Corps was part of the New Deal by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and provided unskilled labor jobs related to the conservation and de-velopment of natural resources in rural lands owned by federal, local and state govern-ments. Juan spent 18 months in the Corps. 
In 1945, he married Petra Aragon, a teacher 
with a degree from Highland University. Juan worked for the Charles Ilfield Grocery store as a driver and he and his wife had five daugh-ters before 1957. Petra went back to teaching at the San Ignacio Parochial School but be-came very ill and passed away in 1960. 
From that point forward, Juan raised their 
five daughters on his own. He was employed by the City of Albuquerque from 1959 to 1978, first as a laborer, then a welder and eventually a supervisor, responsible for training new em-ployees. 
In 2007, Juan attended a reunion of the 
CCC boys and was able to reconnect with many of his friends and share memories from that time in his life. 
He is still very involved with his daughters, 
M. Virginia Mora de Lazo, Margie Mora Brown, Deanna B. Mora, Lillian D. Stephens and Ruby Mora and their families. He has two grandchildren, Linda Lzao Sheroma and An-dres F. Lazo. I would like to extend my thanks to Mr. Mora for his service as a member of the Civilian Conservation Corps during the Great Depression and for his service to the commu-nity as a City of Albuquerque employee. 
f 
RECOGNIZING REVEREND 
BERNIECE R. HICKS 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and privilege to recognize Reverend Berniece R. Hicks on the occasion of her 97th birthday. Reverend Hicks founded Christ Gos-pel Churches International Inc. (CGCII) in 1957 which today has congregations across the United States, throughout South and Cen-tral America, and around the globe. The inter-national headquarters in Jeffersonville, Indiana hosts Christ Gospel Bible Institute—founded 
by Reverend Hicks in the early 1970s—which provides an education curriculum to those with an interest in studying and learning from the Bible. Moreover, the headquarters in Jef-fersonville is home to the church’s publishing house and weekly radio broadcast, which reaches thousands of readers and listeners across the world. 
The Reverend Hicks’ spiritual journey began 
at a young age. As a young woman, she felt the desire to study and teach the Bible, from which she dedicated her life to Jesus Christ. Reverend Hicks has written and published ex-tensively, having authored more than 110 books over the course of her tenure. The church holds a copyright license on these ma-terials, and Reverend Hicks receives no royal-ties from them. 
Reverend Berniece R. Hicks touches the 
lives of those in her ministry in Southern Indi-ana and through the network of churches in the United States and around the world. Al-though 97 years old, she still preaches two sermons most weeks at the Jeffersonville church. Today I honor the life and legacy of Reverend Berniece R. Hicks and wish her a very happy 97th birthday. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. STEVE 
ALLEN 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Steve Allen on his retirement after 28 years of dedicated service to the Selma Fire Department. 
Mr. Allen was born on April 18, 1961. He 
grew up in Fresno, California and attended local schools before going on to start his fire career as a volunteer firefighter for North Cen-tral Fire Department in May 1979. He com-pleted his Emergency Medical Technician training and was hired by Jones Ambulance in 1981. 
On November 6, 1986, after completing 
paramedic school, Mr. Allen joined Selma Fire Department as one of Selma’s first Firefighter/ Paramedics. He was promoted first to Fire En-gineer in November 1993 and then to Captain in January 1996. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Allen worked 
tirelessly to protect people’s lives from dev-astating fires, such as those in Los Angeles and the Oakland Hills Fire. Additionally, he took a special interest in investigating the causes of fires and was a member of the City of Selma’s Arson Team for many years. 
After 28 years with the Selma Fire Depart-
ment, Mr. Allen retired on May 27, 2015. 
The Selma community has been extremely 
fortunate to have a dedicated firefighter such as Mr. Allen to ensure the wellbeing of their community. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Steve Allen for his 28 years of dedicated public service in Selma and congratulating him on his recent retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.010 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1224 September 8, 2015 
IN HONOR OF MR. COMMODORE 
CONYERS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to an outstanding public servant, champion of education, man of God, and loving husband, father, grandfather and friend, Mr. Commodore Conyers. Mr. Conyers departed this life on Monday, August 17, 2015. A funeral service was held on Saturday, August 22, 2015 at 3:00 p.m. at Mt. Zion Bap-tist Church in Albany, Georgia. 
Commodore Conyers was born in Thomas-
ville, Georgia and graduated from Douglas High School in 1949. He then continued his education at Savannah State College, now University, and graduated in 1958 with a bach-elor degree in Industrial Education. His early passion for education motivated him to excel in his studies as he progressed to earn a mas-ter’s degree from Valdosta State College, now University, and an L–6 degree in Administra-tion and Supervision from Albany State Col-lege, also now University. 
Yet, it was Mr. Conyers’ services to his 
alma mater, Savannah State College, which remained near and dear to his heart for dec-ades. He served as President of the Greater Albany Alumni Chapter of Savannah State and was selected as the Grand Marshal of the 2014 Homecoming Parade. He recently was chosen as the latest inductee into the Savan-nah State University Foundation Hall of Fame. This prestigious honor will allow his legacy to live on for years to come. 
Mr. Conyers’ scholastic repertoire, cultivated 
by his devotion to service and leadership, con-tinued to flourish, as his achievements earned him numerous recognitions and commenda-tions within the educational arena. In 1965, he was named by the State Director of Vocational Education to serve with vocational educators and students from five high schools across Georgia. In this role, he is credited with the major accomplishment of combining two of the state’s youth organizations into one. After the successful merger, he was appointed State President of the Georgia American Vocational Association where he also helped merge the two state associations into one, before serving as Treasurer of the merged organization. 
In 1983, Mr. Conyers was appointed by the 
late Georgia Governor George Busbee to serve on a Task Force to study the need for a third state board to oversee vocational edu-cation in Georgia. The Task Force indeed rec-ommended a third board, which is in place today. Mr. Conyers also served numerous state and community boards and organiza-tions, including the Board of Directors of the Georgia Teachers and Education Association, the Georgia Association of Educators, and the Georgia Retired Educators Association. He also served as Chairman and Board member of the Dougherty County Board of Elections and on the Water, Gas, and Light Board of Di-rectors, as well as the Board of Directors for the Albany Civil Rights Institute. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the many things that I 
will always remember and respect about Com-modore Conyers is his unwavering passion for education, which made him a trailblazer in his community. During his tenure as the first black Principal of Dougherty Comprehensive High 
School in Albany, Georgia, a position he held for eleven years, Mr. Conyers was named First Runner-up for State of Georgia Principal of the Year and was also named the State of Georgia Administrator of the Year by the Georgia Association of Educators. In 1997, he again broke barriers when he was named Di-rector of Vocational and Technical Education for the Dougherty County School System, the first African American to serve in this role. Moreover, he started the first Boy Scout Troop for African-American youth in Vienna, Georgia and the first Cub Scout and Boy Scout Troops at Shiloh Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia. 
In addition to the love and support of his 
late wife, Anne; their two children, Derrick, and Devetrice; and two grandchildren, Derrick and Ashley, Mr. Conyers relied on our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ to guide him throughout his life. A member of Shiloh Baptist Church since 1961, he served as Superintendent of the Sunday School, Deacon and a Trustee, Chairman of the Facilities Committee, and nu-merous other positions. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 people of Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District salute Mr. Commodore Conyers for his leadership in education and service to his community. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representa-tives to join us in extending our deepest sym-pathies to Mr. Conyers’ family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF SAINT MARY’S PARISH IN THE CITY OF GILROY 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
with my colleague, Congressman S AMFARR, 
to pay tribute to Saint Mary’s Parish of the City of Gilroy. On August 15, 2015, the Parish celebrated a true milestone: its 150th Anniver-sary. Together we commend the Parish for its century and a half of service, fellowship, and leadership to the Gilroy community. 
From its founding, Saint Mary’s Parish has 
been at the heart of its Gilroy community. Founding Pastor Thomas J. Hudson built Saint Mary of the Assumption in the young south-ernmost town of Santa Clara County, Gilroy, in 1865. As the town grew into a city of 50,000 residents, Saint Mary’s Parish expanded, add-ing its third building on its 100th Anniversary in 1965. The Parish has served as a point of gathering for people with diverse backgrounds and experiences. It has also been a home to hundreds of dedicated parishioners of Saint Mary’s Parish who have served the residents of Gilroy. 
Saint Mary’s Parish has led and contributed 
to the spiritual and cultural life of Gilroy for many years through various cultural events, its local and international programs, and St. Mary School, staffed by the Sisters of the Presen-tation. The Parish’s programs have included Saint Joseph Family Center, Lord’s Table, Mexico Mission, various disaster and poverty relief collections, and person-by-person coun-
seling. 
Through the years, Saint Mary’s Parish has 
maintained strong and active social justice outreach within the community. The Parish has contributed to the lives of many individ-uals and families by extending its support to young families, immigrants, families of farm workers, and persons living with physical and mental disabilities. The Parish has also offered solace to the bereaved. 
In addition to being attentive to the spiritual, 
cultural, and social justice needs of Gilroy community members, Saint Mary’s Parish has been an important source of unity to our resi-dents. The Parish has continued to focus its efforts on the betterment of our society by pro-viding a spiritual home for our youth and pro-moting social justice and diversity in the City of Gilroy. 
As Saint Mary’s Parish of the City of Gilroy 
celebrates 150 years of service to the Gilroy community, we join the many friends and fami-lies wishing well to the Parish. On this day of honor and celebration, we do hereby recog-nize and commend Saint Mary’s Parish on this milestone. 
f 
HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE CITY OF SOUTH TUCSON 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of the 75th Anniversary of the City of South Tucson, a community known for the re-siliency, determination, and independence of its residents. 
As a native of Tucson, Arizona, I am privi-
leged to represent the City of South Tucson in the United States Congress. The support and loyalty I have received from the residents of South Tucson during my entire public life is a great honor for me personally. 
Over 6,000 people and 300 businesses call 
the City of South Tucson home. This square mile city incorporated by its residents, rather than losing its identity to the City of Tucson, continues after 75 years to assert its inde-pendence and be the unique and proud com-munity it has always been through its history. 
South Tucson is about family and commu-
nity, offering to the much larger metropolis of Tucson a view of our past and a dynamic view of what a community can do to retain its char-acter while looking forward. 
South Tucson boasts the best Mexican cui-
sine found anywhere; Las Artes, a model for integrating public art and education; and public services from the state of the art Sam Lena li-brary to excellent public schools Ochoa and Mission View. South Tucson has a sophisti-cated network of social service providers and City of South Tucson first responders who place the safety of their residents first. 
The greatest asset that the City of South 
Tucson has is its people, a diverse group rep-resenting Native-Americans, African-Ameri-cans, and Anglos, and families that have con-tributed so much to the region. 
From South Tucson have come generations 
of political leaders, tradesmen, educators, decorated war veterans, business leaders, civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.015 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1225 September 8, 2015 
leaders, and so many hardworking people 
whose dignity and determination better us all. 
Like all small towns and cities in America, 
the City of South Tucson faces challenges, but the drive to meet those challenges and pros-per for the next 75 years is without a doubt the city’s future. 
I wish to congratulate the Mayor and Coun-
cil of the City of South Tucson and the resi-dents of the city on its 75th anniversary. The commemoration ceremony on September 19, 2015 at the Music and Arts Festival will be a day in which we pause and acknowledge the history, achievements, and the future of the City of South Tucson. Congratulations to South Tucson. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF EDITH NORLE 
MCMILLAN ROBERTS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, it is with pro-
found sadness that I rise to honor the life of my good friend, Edith Norle McMillan Roberts, who passed away on Saturday, August 15, 2015, in Antelope, California at the age of 96. Edith was not only a good friend of mine, but she was a friend to Sacramento—someone who spent her life dedicated to her family, education and public service. 
Edith Norle McMillan Roberts was the 
widow of the late Tuskegee Airman George ‘‘Spanky’’ Roberts, Colonel, USAF (Retired), a member of the first graduating class of the Tuskegee Airmen in 1942. She was born on March 18, 1919, in Gilliam, West Virginia. While attending West Virginia State University (formerly West Virginia State College), she met George. She graduated in 1941 with a Bachelor’s degree in music and French. While at college, she joined the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority and the college choir. After gradua-tion, she taught second through fifth grade, as well as the Boys’ Glee Club, at Lakin Boys’ Reformatory in Point Pleasant, West Virginia. Edith and George married on March 7, 1942, immediately following his graduation in the first class of Tuskegee Airmen. 
Moving to Sacramento, California in 1965, 
George worked at McClellan Air Force Base where Edith directed the Military Wives’ Choral Group and sang in the chapel choir. The pair retired to civilian life in 1968. The family at-tended St. Stephen’s Presbyterian Church, where Edith, once again, took up the post of choir director until 1997. 
Edith graduated in 1972 with her Master’s 
Degree in social work from the Graduate School of Social Work at California State Uni-versity, Sacramento. She worked for the Sac-ramento City Unified School District as a School Social Worker from 1972–1985, and was the first African-American Social Worker for the school district. 
Edith did extensive work for the George S. 
‘‘Spanky’’ Roberts Chapter of the Tuskegee Airmen, Inc. and founded the ‘‘Living History Team.’’ She traveled the United States teach-ing adults and children about the legacy of the Tuskegee Airmen and the many hardships they were dealt in life, from Jim Crow laws and segregation to her struggles of being a military wife. Edith was always a strong advocate of edu-
cation. The George S. ‘‘Spanky’’ Roberts Chapter will honor her memory by creating the Edith Roberts Scholarship Award in her name. Similarly, the Tuskegee Airmen, Inc. national organization will create the George and Edith Roberts Scholarship award. These scholar-ships will help graduating seniors to follow their goals through higher education and be-yond. Nothing made Edith happier than watch-ing young people recognize and follow their dreams. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the life of Edith Norle McMillan Roberts. She leaves a legacy that we should all aspire to follow. She is loved deeply and will be missed by many. I pray that her loving family, George Roberts, Jr., Lanelle Brent, Michalyn Green, and Leigh Roberts; six grand-children, Richard Brent, Heather Mercer, Josh-ua Roberts, Margaret Green, Zachari Roberts, and Nathaniel Roberts; and three great-grand-children, Kathryn Mercer, Grace Roberts and Lauren Mercer will find comfort in the fact that Edith provided so much love and service to those of us who had the honor to share in her life. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DICK MILLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dick Mil-ler of the Bluffs Arts Council for receiving an Iowa Governor’s Volunteer Award. 
Each year Iowa Governor Terry Branstad 
honors individuals who have exemplified ex-ceptional commitment to their communities through various service related activities. Dick was granted this prestigious award as he has demonstrated his dedication to serving the Bluffs Arts Council as both a board member and volunteer. Dick’s hard work and dedica-tion to serving others truly embodies our Iowa values. 
I applaud Dick for his commitment to service 
and giving back to the community. It is an honor to represent civic minded Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating him for receiving this award and wish him nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEPUTY DARREN 
GOFORTH OF THE HARRIS COUN-TY SHERIFF’S OFFICE, LOVING HUSBAND, DEVOTED FATHER, AND DEDICATED PUBLIC SERV-ANT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great sorrow but an abiding admiration that I rise today to acknowledge the life and service of Deputy Darren Goforth of Houston, Texas. 
Deputy Darren Goforth, a ten year veteran 
of the Harris County Sheriff’s office, died on Friday, August 28, 2015, while refueling his 
patrol car. 
He was shot fifteen times by a man who, by 
all accounts, never knew Darren Goforth and the light he brought into this world. 
In a senseless act of violence, the love and 
care Darren Goforth gave to his wife, Kathleen and two young children, and the community he served, ended entirely too soon. 
According to Kathleen Goforth her husband 
was an ‘‘intricate blend of toughness and gen-tility,’’ a man who was fiercely loyal and al-ways strived to do the right thing; a person ‘‘who you wanted for a friend, a colleague, and a neighbor.’’ 
May I add, Mr. Speaker, Darren Goforth 
was what we want in an American. 
Mr. Speaker, Darren Goforth’s life is a testa-
ment to the goodness in the American people, but his death is a reminder of many difficult and painful truths. 
Foremost among these are the dangers the 
men and women of our nation’s law enforce-ment departments face every time they walk their beats and patrol their communities. 
Their families, the persons who know them 
best and love them most, deserve to welcome them home at the end of each shift, safe and sound. 
Mr. Speaker, we must confront the reality 
that police departments and the communities they protect are all too often adversarial. 
We must all work together—law enforce-
ment, community residents, public officials—to make our communities places where we trust one another and cooperate to achieve our mu-tual goal of safety and security for all persons. 
The murder of Deputy Goforth also reminds 
us that we must do more to stem the tide of gun violence that tears through this country. 
Neither our country nor our hearts can af-
ford to lose people of such quality as Darren Goforth to gun violence in the staggering quantities that we do. 
Mr. Speaker, over 32,000 Americans die 
from gun violence each year. 
So, while Darren Goforth’s death is most 
certainly a tragedy, death by gun violence happens all too often in our country. 
This normalcy of gun violence is inexcus-
able. 
Mr. Speaker, according to media reports, 
the person who ended Deputy Goforth’s won-derful life, struggled with mental illness for quite some time. 
We absolutely have to do more to ensure 
that society’s most dangerous weapons stay out of the hands of the most mentally or emo-tionally unstable persons. 
It is important that we do this because it is 
estimated that 61.5 million Americans experi-ence mental illness in a given year. 
This is why we must, as a nation, attach as 
much importance and provide the same level of resources for mental health as we do for physical health. 
We can no longer afford to ignore the strug-
gles of nearly 20 percent of the population and fail to provide adequate treatment and serv-ices that could alleviate some of that struggle and prevent horrific events like the one that claimed the life of Deputy Darren Goforth. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today mourning 
the loss of Deputy Darren Goforth but I have hope. 
I have hope that out of this tragedy we will 
be moved to act to make this country safer for the men and women who risk their lives to keep their communities safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.017 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1226 September 8, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a 
moment of silence in honor of Deputy Darren Goforth, an extraordinary human being and a shining example of what is meant when we re-member him and say: ‘‘He was one of Hous-ton’s finest.’’ 
f 
BEULAH BAPTIST INSTITUTIONAL 
CHURCH 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Beulah Baptist Institu-tional Church in Tampa, Florida in celebrating its 150th anniversary. Founded by freed slaves in 1865, the church holds a unique place in history. It has served many genera-tions and the entire community with its mission of freedom of worship and dignity of the indi-vidual. 
Established at the conclusion of the Civil 
War, Beulah became Tampa’s first African- American Baptist Church. Over its 150 years, the Church has grown to be a symbol of social justice. Beulah has remained committed in fo-cusing on education and civil rights. This dili-gent commitment has surely ensured a bright-er future for its congregates and the commu-nity as a whole. 
The lasting influence the church has had on 
Tampa is a testament to its congregants and, certainly, to its leaders. The late Reverend Dr. A. Leon Lowry, Sr. who served from 1956 to 1996, was a leader in the fight for civil rights in Tampa in the 1950s and 1960s as well as the State President of the NAACP. Reverend Lowry then went on to become the first Afri-can-American elected to office countywide— the Hillsborough County School Board. He was one of the Theology professors of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The A. Leon Lowry, Sr. Elementary School in Tampa is named in his honor. 
The current pastor, Reverend Dr. W. James 
Favorite, has continued the church’s pivotal role in community advancement. With a strong philosophy that serving the church is more than just ministering on Sunday, Reverend Fa-vorite serves on many community initiatives in-cluding Pastors on Patrol, the African Amer-ican Family Support Initiative, Childcare Facili-ties Advisory Board, and the Tampa Urban League board. As the Chairman of the Black Leadership Commission on AIDS of Tampa Bay, Reverend Favorite has spearheaded the effort nationally to reduce the stigma associ-ated with HIV and AIDS by calling on clergy all across the bay area and America to put AIDS and HIV awareness at the heart of their sermons. 
With 150 years of service and stewardship, 
the church enters into its next 150 years with enthusiasm. The church is looking forward to its upcoming projects including Senior housing initiatives, job preparation and technology training, sponsorship of Jamaica Outreach ministry, Summer Instructional camp, and an after school e-Library facility. 
On behalf of the Tampa Bay community that 
has greatly benefitted from the church’s con-tinuing presence and guidance, I am honored to congratulate the Beulah Baptist Institutional Church on their 150th anniversary. A TRIBUTE TO DENISE PUTMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Denise Putman of the Bluff’s Arts Council for receiving an Iowa Governor’s Volunteer Award. 
Each year Iowa Governor Terry Branstad 
honors individuals who have exemplified ex-ceptional commitment to their communities through various service related activities. Denise was granted this prestigious award as she has demonstrated her dedication to serv-ing the Bluff’s Arts Council as both a board member and volunteer. Denise’s hard work and dedication to serving others truly em-bodies our Iowa values. 
I applaud Denise for her commitment to 
service and giving back to the community. It is an honor to represent civic minded Iowans like her in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating her for receiving this award and wish her nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING JULIE LOUISE LOVIE, 
NAPA COUNTY TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize Julie Louise Lovie, who has been selected as the Napa County Teacher of the Year for 2016. 
A native of Napa, California, Ms. Lovie 
began her teaching career in 1993 at the Napa Valley Adult School. In 1994, she began teaching math and science at Valley Oak Con-tinuation High School in Napa, where whe still teaches today. Throughout her career, Ms. Lovie has been a beloved member of her school community. In 2010, she was named Teacher of the Year by the Napa Rotary Club, and in 2014 she was named a ‘‘Friend of the Napa Hispanic Network’’. Her professional af-filiations have included The California Teach’s Association, a partnership with the Napa County Resource Conservation Acorns to Oaks program, and the Water Shed Week ‘‘STRAW’’ program. Furthermore, Ms. Lovie has been a Community Club Leader for the 4 Leaf Clover 4H Club for over 15 years and has actively participated in Youth Ministry at St. Apollinaris Church for 10 years. 
As an experienced continuation high school 
teacher, Ms. Lovie understands that traditional teaching strategies will not work for the stu-dents in her classes. Serving a population that is often considered at risk for drug and alcohol use, she serves as the Friday Night Live advi-sor, the California Highway Patrol ‘‘Every 15 Minutes’’ advisor, and as a member of the Catalyst Prevention Coalition. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Lovie makes it her mis-
sion as a teacher to change students’ beliefs about themselves and take them on a journey of achievement. It is appropriate that we take this time to honor Ms. Lovie for her decades of service to our community and her commit-
ment to making each of her students feel both supported and respected. 
f 
HONORING PROGRESSIVE 
MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Progressive Missionary Baptist Church located in Berkeley, California upon its 80th Anniver-sary as a strong religious pillar in the East Bay community. 
Progressive Missionary Baptist Church was 
founded in 1935 by a group of 35 devout Christians. They sought to bring glory to God by engaging and empowering believers through fellowship, discipleship, worship and service. The church was built in the historic Lorin district of Berkeley. To accommodate its growing membership, the church was ex-panded in 1959 to include a library, nursery, and classrooms. The church added a new building in 1964 and named it the Stoval Cen-ter in honor of the late Pastor Edward Stovall. 
Dr. Earl C. Stuckey Sr. was elected senior 
pastor of Progressive Missionary Baptist Church in September 1977. Pastor Stuckey is active in both the faith and local communities. He served as an advisor on the Billy Graham Crusade, and was an active member of the Baptist Ministers Union as well as numerous other Christian organizations, including serving as a planning board member of the Mount Hermon Christian Conference; Publicity Chair-man of the Evangelism Committee; former board member of the Bay Cities Bible Institute; and Christian Nationals Evangelism Commis-sion. 
Through many outreach programs, Progres-
sive Missionary Baptist Church has been able to better the lives of people in their commu-nity. The church facilitates programs such as the Bay Area Rescue Mission, Alcohol and Drug Abuse Programs, Crown Ministries Fi-nancial Seminars, Project Go Ye, and Cele-brate Recovery. All of these programs have had a truly remarkable effect on the residents of the Bay Area. 
Progressive Missionary Baptist Church con-
tinues to host ministries for groups of all ages and areas of need. The Life Development Min-istry provides young members a safe and car-ing atmosphere in which they can receive guidance and direction. The Home Builders Ministry works to strengthen the spiritual foun-dation for engaged and married couples; the Men’s Fellowship Ministry challenges men to reach spiritual maturity and restore family con-nections; and, the Women’s Fellowship Min-istry seeks to enable each woman to discover and utilize her spiritual potential. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, I extend my sin-cerest congratulations to Progressive Mis-sionary Baptist Church on the special occa-sion of its 80th anniversary. I wish Progressive Missionary Baptist Church many more years of faithful and compassionate service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.020 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1227 September 8, 2015 
IN MEMORY OF JUDGE LAWRENCE 
K. KARLTON 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
memory of retired U.S. District Court Judge Lawrence K. Karlton, who passed away last month. I ask my colleagues to take a moment and join me in tribute to Judge Karlton’s truly distinguished life and service to the American people. 
Judge Karlton was a steadfast believer that 
justice and equal protection under the law ap-plied to all Americans, regardless of one’s place in our nation and society. After grad-uating from New York University and Colum-bia School of law, Judge Karlton served in the United States Army and was the lead Civilian Legal Officer at the Sacramento Army Depot. He would later serve in private practice and volunteer as a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union on a number of civil rights cases. Governor Jerry Brown, well aware of Judge Karlton’s talents, appointed him to the Superior Court of California in 1976. Three years later, President Jimmy Carter appointed him to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California in 1979. He would serve honorably for a number of years and took senior status in 2000. After thirty-five years on the federal bench, Judge Karlton for-mally retired last September. 
With his passing, Judge Karlton has left be-
hind a clear legacy as a fair jurist, one who was always impartial to those who stood in front of him, and one who clearly valued the rights enshrined in the United States Constitu-tion. He has left an unforgettable mark on the people of our nation who needed the federal courts to be strong in order to protect their rights. While on the federal bench, Judge Karlton served on a number three judge pan-els that were charged with overseeing the State of California’s overcrowded prison sys-tem. He oversaw a complex class action case filed on behalf of those who had immigrated to the United States in the 1980s, and waded into the complexities of federal protections for endangered species in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta in the 2000s. 
Finally and perhaps most importantly, Judge 
Karlton leaves a legacy as a mentor to many talented lawyers, a number of whom have gone on to be appointed to federal and state judgeships. While the responsibilities of serv-ing on federal bench were immense, he also was a wonderful husband to his wife, Sue, and father to his daughter, Emily Williams. 
Mr. Speaker, as Judge Lawrence Karlton’s 
family, friends and colleagues gather to honor his life and accomplishments, I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking him and recog-nizing him for his many years of service to our nation and the legacy that he leaves behind. 
f 
HONORING CARLOS P. YAMZON 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and honor Stanislaus Council of Governments (StanCOG) Executive Director 
Carlos P. Yamzon on his retirement; and to personally thank him for his years of profound service to Stanislaus County. 
Over 35 years ago, Mr. Yamzon’s career 
began in the public service of transportation. Twenty-seven of those years were spent in technical and management positions with the 
California Department of Transportation (Caltrans), whose purpose is to provide a safe and reliable transportation system to benefit and enhance the state of California. 
After working in the transportation sector, 
Mr. Yamzon was amply prepared to begin working for StanCOG, the federally-designated Metropolitan Planning Organization, and the state designated Regional Transportation Planning Agency for the region of Stanislaus County. He worked diligently for this public or-ganization to ensure transportation plans that would enhance the economic vitality of all Stanislaus County cities. After five short years, Mr. Yamzon was promoted to Executive Direc-tor. 
In this role, Mr. Yamzon was responsible for 
a variety of entities within the organization. He was charged with regional transportation plan-ning, program administration, financial man-agement and budget control where he handled all areas proficiently and with expertise. Mr. Yamzon was a key player in implementing StanCOG’s 2011 and 2014 Regional Trans-portation Plans. These plans will continue to be utilized for future transportation improve-ments and investments. 
During his time at StanCOG, Mr. Yamzon 
was also instrumental in improving State Route 132. This is a major route for central valley commuters, as well as commercial truck drivers. In addition to Mr. Yamzon’s efforts to improve State Route 132, he was an advocate for finding a suitable route in Stanislaus Coun-ty to connect Interstate 5 and State Highway 99, 2 of California’s best known routes. 
Mr. Yamzon is a well-known leader in the 
community of Modesto and the region of Stanislaus County. In the StanCOG office lo-cated in downtown Modesto, he is loved and admired by his staff for his sense of humor, unique sock choices, his love for jelly donuts and his keen devotion to rock and roll. 
Residing in Modesto, California for 29 years, 
Carlos and his wife Liz raised two children; daughter Aja Yamzon and son Marlon Yamzon. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and 
commending the outstanding contributions made to the transportation systems in Stanislaus County by Executive Director Car-los Yamzon. We wish him continued success in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING MR. MARK RAYMOND 
CHANDLER 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life of Mr. Mark Raymond Chandler. Known throughout the Bay Area as a tireless advocate for veterans, Mr. Chandler has left an undeniable mark on our commu-nity. With his passing on July 31, 2015, we look to honor the outstanding quality of his life’s work. Born in Erie, Pennsylvania, on July 25, 
1934, Mark Raymond Chandler, formerly Ray-mond Joseph Buczynski, set out to explore the world at a young age. Mark spent much of his youth in New York City as a theatre actor. At the age of sixteen, he joined the United States Navy and later served in the Korean War. Mr. Chandler also aided in the evacu-ation of American civilian and ‘‘at risk’’ Viet-namese from Saigon in the fall of Saigon. He traveled extensively across the world, and met his beloved wife Indiah while working in Indo-nesia. 
Later on in life, Mr. Chandler dedicated him-
self to serving as an advocate for disabled veterans, serving on the Veterans Affairs Commission, and working tirelessly to bring a VA Clinic to Alameda Point. 
Mr. Chandler was a soldier, an actor, and a 
journalist, but above all else, he was a loving husband and father. He is survived by his wife Indiah, his siblings Marianne and Sonny, his chidren Kathy, Roger, Steven, and Brian, and his grandson Oliver. 
Mark will forever be remembered as a hope-
less romantic, a lover of roses, and a man who, despite all of his travels and experi-ences, cherished nothing more than sharing a coffee and a bun with his grandson, who he loved more than life itself. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes the life of an outstanding indi-vidual and leader. Mr. Chandler’s contributions have truly impacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area. I join all of Mr. Chandler’s loved ones in celebrating his incredible accomplish-ments and offer my most sincere condolences. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CALLIE ECKMANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Callie Eckmann from the Tri-Center Varsity Cheer team, as she has been honored with the sta-tus of All-American at the Tri-Center cheer camp. 
To achieve this status, Callie had to try out 
in front of the entire camp, demonstrating her knowledge and skill in all areas of cheer. Callie has dedicated her time and talents to achieving a single goal and I commend her for her hard work and determination. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Callie 
demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedi-cation and perseverance. I am honored to rep-resent her in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Callie on a job well done, and wish her nothing but continued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE VOTING RIGHTS ACT OF 1965 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker on this 
joyful day 50 years ago, President Lyndon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.025 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1228 September 8, 2015 
Johnson signed into law the Voting Rights Act 
of 1965 and because of that law, I stand be-fore you as Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON  
LEE, the first African American woman Rank-
ing Member of the House Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today not just to com-
memorate the landmark achievement of 50 years ago but to inform our colleagues and the nation of the need to redouble and rededi-cate our efforts to the work that remains to be done to protect the right of all Americans to vote free from discrimination and the injustices that prevent them from exercising this most fundamental right of citizenship. 
On August 6, 1965, in the Rotunda of the 
Capitol and in the presence of such luminaries as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and 
Rev. Ralph Abernathy of the Southern Chris-tian Leadership Conference; Roy Wilkins of the NAACP; Whitney Young of the National Urban League; James Foreman of the Con-gress of Racial Equality; A. Philip Randolph of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters; John Lewis of the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee; Senators Robert Kennedy, Hubert Humphrey, and Everett Dirksen; President Johnson addressed the nation before signing the Voting Rights Act: 
The vote is the most powerful instrument 
ever devised by man for breaking down injus-tice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men. 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was critical to 
preventing brazen voter discrimination viola-tions that historically left millions of African Americans disenfranchised. 
In 1940, for example, there were less than 
30,000 African Americans registered to vote in Texas and only about 3% of African Ameri-cans living in the South were registered to vote. 
Poll taxes, literacy tests, and threats of vio-
lence were the major causes of these racially discriminatory results. 
After passage of the Voting Rights Act in 
1965, which prohibited these discriminatory practices, registration and electoral participa-tion steadily increased to the point that by 2012, more than 1.2 million African Americans living in Texas were registered to vote. 
In 1964, the year before the Voting Rights 
Act became law, there were approximately 300 African Americans in public office, includ-ing just three in Congress. 
Few, if any, African Americans held elective 
office anywhere in the South. 
Because of the Voting Rights Act, today 
there are more than 9,100 black elected offi-cials, including 46 members of Congress, the largest number ever. 
The Voting Rights Act opened the political 
process for many of the approximately 6,000 Hispanic public officials that have been elect-ed and appointed nationwide, including more than 275 at the state or federal level, 32 of whom serve in Congress. 
Native Americans, Asians and others who 
have historically encountered harsh barriers to full political participation also have benefited greatly. 
The crown jewel of the Voting Rights Act of 
1965 is Section 5, which requires that states and localities with a chronic record of discrimi-nation in voting practices secure federal ap-proval before making any changes to voting processes. Section 5 protects minority voting rights 
where voter discrimination has historically been the worst. 
Since 1982, Section 5 has stopped more 
than 1,000 discriminatory voting changes in their tracks, including 107 discriminatory changes right here in Texas. 
And it is a source of eternal pride to all of 
us in Houston that in pursuit of extending the full measure of citizenship to all Americans, in 1975 Congresswoman Barbara Jordan, who also represented this historic 18th Congres-sional District of Texas, introduced, and the Congress adopted, what are now Sections 4(f)(3) and 4(f)(4) of the Voting Rights Act, which extended the protections of Section 4(a) and Section 5 to language minorities. 
During the floor debate on the 1975 reau-
thorization of the Voting Rights Act, Congress-woman Jordan explained why this reform was needed: 
There are Mexican-American people in the 
State of Texas who have been denied the right to vote; who have been impeded in their efforts to register and vote; who have not had encouragement from those election officials because they are brown people. 
So, the state of Texas, if we approve this 
measure, would be brought within the cov-erage of this Act for the first time. 
When it comes to extending and protecting 
the precious right to vote, the Lone Star State—the home state of Lyndon Johnson and Barbara Jordan—can be the leading state in the Union, one that sets the example for the nation. 
But to realize that future, we must turn from 
and not return to the dark days of the past. 
We must remain ever vigilant and oppose 
all schemes that will abridge or dilute the pre-cious right to vote. 
Mr. Speaker, I am here today to remind the 
nation that the right to vote—that ‘‘powerful in-strument that can break down the walls of in-
justice’’—is facing grave threats. 
The threat stems from the decision issued in 
June 2013 by the Supreme Court in Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 193 (2013), which invalidated Section 4(b) of the VRA, and para-lyzed the application of the VRA’s Section 5 preclearance requirements. 
According to the Supreme Court majority, 
the reason for striking down Section 4(b) was that ‘‘times change.’’ 
Now, the Court was right; times have 
changed. 
But what the Court did not fully appreciate 
is that the positive changes it cited are due al-most entirely to the existence and vigorous enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. 
And that is why the Voting Rights Act is still 
needed. 
Let me put it this way: in the same way that 
the vaccine invented by Dr. Jonas Salk in 1953 eradicated the crippling effects but did not eliminate the cause of polio, the Voting Rights Act succeeded in stymieing the prac-tices that resulted in the wholesale disenfran-chisement of African Americans and language minorities but did eliminate them entirely. 
The Voting Rights Act is needed as much 
today to prevent another epidemic of voting disenfranchisement as Dr. Salk’s vaccine is still needed to prevent another polio epidemic. 
However, officials in some states, notably 
Texas and North Carolina, seemed to regard the Shelby decision as a green light and rushed to implement election laws, policies, and practices that could never pass muster under the Section 5 preclearance regime. My constituents remember very well the 
Voter ID law passed in Texas in 2011, which required every registered voter to present a valid government-issued photo ID on the day of polling in order to vote. 
The Justice Department blocked the law in 
March of 2012, and it was Section 5 that pro-hibited it from going into effect. 
At least it did until the Shelby decision, be-
cause on the very same day that Shelby was decided officials in Texas announced they would immediately implement the Photo ID law, and other election laws, policies, and practices that could never pass muster under the Section 5 preclearance regime. 
The Texas Photo ID law was challenged in 
federal court and thankfully, just yesterday, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld the decision of U.S. District Court Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos that Texas’ strict voter identification law discriminated against blacks and Hispanics and violated Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act. 
Mr. Speaker, protecting voting rights and 
combating voter suppression schemes are two of the critical challenges facing our great de-mocracy. 
Without safeguards to ensure that all citi-
zens have equal access to the polls, more in-justices are likely to occur and the voices of millions silenced. 
Those of us who cherish the right to vote 
justifiably are skeptical of Voter ID laws be-cause we understand how these laws, like poll taxes and literacy tests, can be used to im-pede or negate the ability of seniors, racial and language minorities, and young people to cast their votes. 
Consider the demographic groups who lack 
a government issued ID: 
1. African Americans: 25% 2. Asian Americans: 20% 3. Hispanic Americans: 19% 4. Young people, aged 18–24: 18% 5. Persons with incomes less than $35,000: 
15% 
And there are other ways abridging or sup-
pressing the right to vote, including: 
1. Curtailing or eliminating early voting 2. Ending same-day registration 3. Not counting provisional ballots cast in 
the wrong precinct on Election Day will not count. 
4. Eliminating adolescent pre-registration 5. Shortening poll hours 6. Lessening the standards governing voter 
challenges thus allowing self-proclaimed ‘‘bal-lot security vigilantes’’ like the King Street Pa-triots to cause trouble at the polls. 
Mr. Speaker, on the 50th anniversary of the 
landmark Voting Rights Act signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson on August 6, 1965, I called upon House Speaker B
OEHNER to 
bring legislation intended to protect the right to vote of all Americans to the floor for debate 
and vote. 
Specifically, I call for the passage of the bi-
partisan Voting Rights Amendments Act (H.R. 885), of which I am an original co-sponsor, which repairs the damage done to the Voting Rights Act by the Supreme Court’s Shelby de-cision. 
This legislation replaces the old ‘static’ cov-
erage formula with a new dynamic coverage formula, or ‘rolling trigger,’ which effectively gives the legislation nationwide reach because any state and any jurisdiction in any state po-tentially is subject to being covered if the req-uisite number of violations are found to have been committed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.029 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1229 September 8, 2015 
Alternatively, I call upon the Speaker to let 
the House debate and vote on the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 (H.R. 2867), a bill that provides even greater federal over-sight of jurisdictions which have a history of voter suppression and protects vulnerable communities from discriminatory voting prac-tices. 
Second, I call for the passage of H.R. 12, 
the Voter Empowerment Act of 2015, legisla-tion I have co-sponsored that protects voters from suppression, deception, and other forms of disenfranchisement by modernizing voter registration, promoting access to voting for in-dividuals with disabilities, and protecting the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for federal office. 
Mr. Speaker, before concluding there is one 
other point I would like to stress. 
In his address to the nation before signing 
the Voting Rights Act of 1965, President John-son said: 
Presidents and Congresses, laws and law-
suits can open the doors to the polling places and open the doors to the wondrous rewards which await the wise use of the ballot. 
But only the individual Negro, and all oth-
ers who have been denied the right to vote, can really walk through those doors, and can use that right, and can transform the vote into an instrument of justice and fulfillment. 
In other words, political power—and the jus-
tice, opportunity, inclusion, and fulfillment it provides—comes not from the right to vote but in the exercise of that right. 
And that means it is the civic obligation of 
every citizen to both register and vote in every election, state and local as well as federal. 
Because if we can register and vote, but fail 
to do so, we are guilty of voluntary voter sup-pression, the most effective method of dis-enfranchisement ever devised. 
And in recent years, Americans have not 
been doing a very good job of exercising our civic responsibility to register, vote, and make their voices heard. 
Mr. Speaker, for millions of Americans, the 
right to vote protected by the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is sacred treasure, earned by the sweat and toil and tears and blood of ordinary Americans who showed the world it was pos-sible to accomplish extraordinary things. 
So on this 50th anniversary of that landmark 
law, let us rededicate ourselves to honoring those who won for us this precious right by re-maining vigilant and fighting against both the efforts of others to abridge or suppress the right to vote and our own apathy in exercising this sacred right. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN REVIER 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank John Revier for the nearly fifteen years of service he has given me as my Deputy Chief of Staff and Legislative Director. John’s last day with my office was yesterday, and today he is beginning a new phase in his ca-reer at the Idaho National Laboratory (INL) where he will serve in Boise as the Director for State and Regional Government Relations. 
Not many staffers come along like John 
Revier. For those who know him, they know he has one of the sharpest legislative minds of 
any staffer I have ever seen. He can break down any legislative or administrative issue in an instant and begin charting the course of ac-tion and implementing it. Many times he does this before people understand what the prob-lem actually is and how it is going to affect them. John has become an expert on so many different issues it’s hard to begin counting them. 
As a Congressional staffer, John accom-
plished a rare feat. He served in both the Sen-ate District office and Washington, D.C. office for the late Senator Rod Grams of Minnesota. He also served in both my Washington, D.C. office and Boise office. Not many Congres-sional staffers can say they touched all four bases in the House and Senate. This served to impress upon him how to work well with State and D.C. offices in both the House and Senate. 
John is very proud of his roots in Minnesota 
and moreover his hometown of Redwood Falls. However, we are fortunate that he is now an Idaho transplant and will continue to serve Idaho in a new capacity. 
I want to thank John’s wife Jani and their 
two wonderful children Kate and Sam. They have allowed John to give much of his time to me. Moreover, it’s been a pleasure to watch the twins as they are growing up. 
I wish John the best in his new position, and 
as I like to jokingly say—‘‘good luck to the INL for taking him away from us’’. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MIGUEL TREVIN ˜O, 
JR. 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the retiring CEO of Gateway Com-munity Health Center, Miguel Trevin ˜o, Jr. Born 
on April 14, 1944 in Laredo, Texas. Mr. Trevin ˜o started his career 48 years ago with 
the Laredo-Webb County Health Department working on the Migrant Health Program. This program later became the private, not-for-profit corporation Gateway Community Health Cen-ter, which has provided preventive health pro-grams including: Family Planning, Breast and Cervical Cancer Services, and Immunizations. 
As the former President of both the Texas 
Association of Community Health Centers and the Community Health Network of South Texas, Mr. Trevin ˜o was passionate about 
bringing health care needs to the forefront in his community. 
A proud husband and father of three, Mr. 
Trevin ˜o is a man of values who has always 
extended a hand to those in need. His com-passion and persistence were exemplified every day by his eagerness to greet everyone the moment he walked in the door and his willingness to pay for patients who couldn’t af-ford services. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mr. 
Trevin ˜o. He never wavered and stood his 
ground; all to benefit the community and those in it who were most vulnerable. Thank you for this time. A TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT 
MARK T. ALBERS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mark Albers of Boy Scout Troop 182 in Waukee, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. 
The Eagle Scout rank is the highest ad-
vancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained for more than a century. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout 
is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, and must complete an Eagle Project to benefit the community. For his project, Mark planned, constructed and installed three professional grade benches at the Covenant Presbyterian Church playground in West Des Moines. This playground is frequently used by area families and the Head Start Program at the church. The work ethic Mark has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and per-severance. I am honored to represent Mark and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout, and I wish him continued suc-cess in his future education and career. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SUCCESS OF 
THE SPECIAL OLYMPICS WORLD GAMES IN LOS ANGELES 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize 
and celebrate the success of the Special Olympics World Games in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia. The Games began on Saturday, July 25, 2015 with spectacular Opening Cere-monies at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum that featured an address by First Lady Michelle Obama. The Games ended with fes-tive Closing Ceremonies at the same venue on Sunday, August 2, 2015. I am proud to represent the area that includes not only the Coliseum, but also the University of Southern California which has hosted several events, in-cluding aquatics, basketball, track and field competitions. 
Special Olympics World Games this year in-
cluded over 6,000 athletes from 165 countries competing in 25 different sports. I am particu-larly happy to have the Games in Los Angeles after 16 years of being hosted outside of the United States. 
Since its founding in 1968 by Eunice Ken-
nedy Shriver, the Special Olympics have played a significant part in fostering greater 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.029 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1230 September 8, 2015 
acceptance and inclusion of people with intel-
lectual disabilities in the U.S. and all over the world. The Games honor the talents, persever-ance and achievements of people who are all too often overlooked or excluded from main-stream society. Every year, millions of athletes participate in Special Olympics activities in nearly every country of the world, with the support of as many as one million coaches and volunteers. 
The Special Olympians here in Los Angeles 
have travelled far and overcome many obsta-cles in their quest for excellence. They also know that their willingness to step into the spotlight and share their abilities and dreams with the world will offer inspiration to others with intellectual disabilities, and to their fami-lies, friends, villages, towns, cities and nations. 
Thanks are also due to the families and 
friends back home who support their athletes and loved ones with intellectual disabilities, whether or not they will ever make it to the World Games. 
I invite all of my colleagues in the United 
States House of Representatives to join me and the entire bipartisan Los Angeles delega-tion in congratulating the organizers, coaches, volunteers, families, supporters and most of all the athletes on the success of the 2015 Spe-cial Olympics World Games in Los Angeles. 
f 
INTRODUCING A JOINT RESOLU-
TION TO AUTHORIZE THE USE OF THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES TO ACHIEVE THE GOAL OF PREVENTING IRAN FROM OB-TAINING NUCLEAR WEAPONS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce legislation that will authorize the sit-ting President or his successors to use the armed forces of the United States to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. 
On July 14, 2015, a Joint Comprehensive 
Plan of Action (JCPOA) designed to ensure that Iran’s nuclear program is used solely for peaceful purposes was finalized. With history as our guide, any agreement with the Iranian government must be met with skepticism, and therefore, backed up with muscularity—my legislation provides this muscularity. 
Indeed, the importance of an international 
framework that actually prohibits Iran from ever becoming a nuclear weapons state can-not be overstated. As Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission and the only American to have served as Presi-dent of the Organization for Security and Co- operation in Europe’s (OSCE PA) Parliamen-tary Assembly, as well as a former member of both the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, I am acutely aware of the challenges in dealing with Iran’s nuclear program. 
Iran’s pursuit of a nuclear weapon at any 
time is a threat to the United States as well as our allies in the region, and its questionable sincerity in forgoing the procurement of such weapons has created legitimate cause for con-cern in the past and must, therefore, inform how we proceed today and in the future. It is my sincere hope that my legislation will pro-vide the added hard power necessary to deter 
Iran from continued efforts to obtain nuclear weapons, including skirting compliance with the JCPOA, if implemented. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation will send a 
clear message to the Iranian regime that the United States is willing to ensure that Iran never becomes a nuclear weapons state at any cost. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BOB FENNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Bob Fenner of the Bluffs Arts Council for receiving an Iowa Governor’s Volunteer Award. 
Each year Iowa Governor Terry Branstad 
honors individuals who have exemplified ex-ceptional commitment to their communities through various service related activities. Bob was granted this prestigious award as he has demonstrated his dedication to serving the Bluffs Arts Council as both a board member and volunteer. Bob’s hard work and dedication to serving others truly embodies our Iowa val-ues. 
I applaud Bob for his commitment to service 
and giving back to the community. It is an honor to represent civic minded Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating him for receiving this award and wish him nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE PROGRESSIVE 
NATIONAL BAPTIST CONVEN-TION’S ANNUAL SESSION FROM AUGUST 2 THROUGH 7, 2015 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commend the instrumental work of the Pro-gressive National Baptist Convention to pro-tect the right to vote as they host their annual session from August 2 through 7, 2015 in Dal-las, Texas. At its annual session, the Progres-sive National Baptist Convention calls on its current members to protect the right that its founding members fought to earn: the right to vote. Today, on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, the right to the ballot box is once again challenged and the foot soldiers fighting to protect against the disenfranchise-ment of vulnerable populations are more nec-essary than ever. 
Since its Civil Rights era founding in 1961, 
the Progressive National Baptist Convention has fought to improve the conditions of the Af-rican American community at large. The Pro-gressive National Baptist Convention was the denominational home and platform for Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., as its founding leaders worked to unite Baptist faith communities across the country to further the socio-eco-nomic liberation of African Americans in the United States. The founding principles of fel-lowship, progress, service and peace continue 
to guide its membership as they now apply the cornerstones of their organization to advocate for full voter registration and participation. 
In the last two years the Supreme Court 
weakened key components of the original Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965, allowing state legisla-tures nationwide to actively create and imple-ment voter ID laws meant to keep African Americans, Latinos and other traditionally disenfranchised communities away from the ballot box. On the heels of the 50th anniver-sary of the Voting Rights Act, the Progressive National Baptist Convention continues to be a vital Baptist denomination with an estimated membership of 2.5 million actively working to give full voice, leadership and active support to the black community, America, and ulti-mately the universal fight for human freedom. Today, the Progressive National Baptist Con-vention calls on its nationwide membership to fight in the name of voter empowerment and restoration of voting protections for all Ameri-cans. 
In my home state of Texas, one of the bat-
tlegrounds for the modern struggle to protect the right to vote, the Progressive National Baptist Convention will galvanize member churches across the country to work to end voter intimidation, voting suppression, and suspicious practices. Additionally, the Progres-sive National Baptist Convention will embark upon a nationwide voter registration campaign with a special focus on the communities tar-geted by voting discrimination. 
In honor of the great civil rights tradition that 
the Progressive National Baptist Convention continues, and in recognition of its status as an active advocate organization for the African American community and disenfranchised communities everywhere, this statement will be entered on Tuesday, September 8, 2015. 
f 
HONORING SHILOH CHURCH 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Shiloh Church located in Oakland, California upon its 50th Anniversary as a strong religious pillar in the East Bay community. 
Shiloh Church was founded in 1965 by Dr. 
Violet Kiteley and her son, Dr. David Kiteley, in the living room of an African-American fam-ily. They sought to bring glory to God by en-gaging and empowering believers through fel-lowship, discipleship, worship and service. 
Since its founding, Shiloh Church has be-
come a multi-ethnic congregation with mem-bers from over 40 nations. To accommodate its growing membership, the church underwent extensive remodeling of the facility to include a technology center and youth center. Shiloh Church also has affiliate ministries impacting hundreds of thousands of people in Canada, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Philippines, and Ethiopia throughout the world through its bib-lically-based training centers and church plants. 
Dr. Violet Kiteley, now in her 90’s, has 
served in fulltime ministry for over 70 years. She has served as the President of Shiloh Bible College for over 35 years and was per-sonally instrumental in training hundreds of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.033 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1231 September 8, 2015 
leaders who are now pastors, elders, mission-
aries, and licensed ministers in churches across the world. Dr. David Kiteley followed in his mother’s footsteps alongside his wife, Pas-tor Marilyn, and they have faithfully served the church full-time since 1970 as co-pastors. 
Dr. David has traveled extensively and held 
leadership conferences in over 45 countries. Dr. David’s son, Pastor Patrick and his wife served as Senior Pastors from 2008 until 2015. Now, Dr. David’s daughter, Pastor Melinda, and her husband, Pastor Javier Ramos, will serve as 4th senior leadership transition in the church’s history that will carry on the spiritual heritage laid by the past gen-erations. 
Shiloh Church has been able to better the 
lives of East Bay residents through its various outreach programs such as the Robert Allen Mercy House, which provides groceries and other resources to the unemployed, under-employed, and homeless. Since 1982, this program has disbursed over $1,000,000 of food each year to more than 15,000 families. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, I extend my sin-cerest congratulations to Shiloh Church on the special occasion of its 50th anniversary. I wish Shiloh Church many more years of faithful and compassionate service. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JOHN RASMUSSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate John Rasmussen of the Bluffs Arts Council for re-ceiving an Iowa Governor’s Volunteer Award. 
Each year Iowa Governor Terry Branstad 
honors individuals who have exemplified ex-ceptional commitment to their communities through various service related activities. John was granted this prestigious award as he has demonstrated his dedication to serving the Bluffs Arts Council as both a board member and volunteer. John’s hard work and dedica-tion to serving others truly embodies our Iowa values. 
I applaud John for his commitment to serv-
ice and giving back to the community. It is an honor to represent civic minded Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating him for receiving this award and wish him nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
GRAND OPENING OF VICTOR VAL-
LEY COLLEGE’S DR. PREM REDDY HEALTH AND SCIENCES BUILDING 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, over my time rep-
resenting the citizens of California’s Eighth Congressional District, I have been able to spend time with and learn from some of the best community leaders America has to offer. These are folks who regularly put the interest 
of others before their own. They show us their character and generosity by going above what is required or expected of them, in order to im-prove the livelihood of the community as a whole. I come before you today to speak on Dr. Reddy’s latest philanthropic endeavor— Victor Valley College’s Dr. Prem Reddy Health and Sciences Building. 
Opened on August 28, 2015, this 24,000 
square foot facility will provide much needed new labs for the science programs, as well as nursing specific training labs, all integrated with indoor and outdoor student gathering and study spaces to create a collaborative and technology driven learning environment. The building will also feature expanded anatomy and chemistry labs, as well as a digital science lab capable of up to 40 workstations. The new nursing lab will feature 8 simulated medical beds and instruction space for up to 40 students. All of these lab and training facili-ties are supplied with high tech audio and vis-ual equipment and a wireless network for stu-dent access. The building also operates under the most technologically advanced systems for energy efficiency and energy savings. 
The students trained and educated in this 
state-of-the-art facility will enter the healthcare industry in a period of great turmoil. As the payment methods and organization of the in-dustry rapidly evolve, no one can predict what the future may hold. However, the one thing we know for certain is that we will always need the most highly trained and educated students to provide the actual care, person to person. That process begins by having a learning environment to facilitate their edu-cation. I graciously thank Dr. Prem Reddy for his generosity on making this building a re-ality, and I congratulate Victor Valley College for its development and wish its future stu-dents years of success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHRISTINA COONEY 
FOR HER EXEMPLARY PERFORM-ANCE AT THE SPECIAL OLYM-PICS WORLD GAMES IN LOS AN-GELES 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Ms. Christina Cooney for winning a Silver and Bronze medal in equestrian events at the Special Olympics World Games in Los Angeles, California this past July. 
In order to qualify for the World Games, 
Christina had to win a gold medal in local, re-gional and state competitions, and be ap-proved by Special Olympics Florida. Christina achieved all of these feats to become one of 7,000 competitors from over 170 countries around the world, and the only equestrian rider from Florida, out of ten riders from around the nation, to represent the United States at the World Games. 
Christina is visually impaired, deaf, mentally 
challenged, and cannot speak; yet, she is able to communicate with the horses she rides and cares for in a way few individuals are able. Christina started riding at Vinceremos Thera-peutic Riding Center in Loxahatchee, Florida, at age 12 and has ridden for over 20 years. At Vinceremos, Christina trains and volunteers 
on a daily basis, doing whatever tasks are re-quired to care for the animals and the facili-ties. 
Christina developed a remarkable relation-
ship with her coach, Kim Elie, who took it upon herself to learn sign language and cre-ated a buzzer system for communication pur-poses. When Christina learned she qualified for the World Games, she and her coaches and family faced one last challenge: funding the trip to compete in California. The Special Olympics only funds transportation for the competing athlete not for their family members and coaches. Thus, Coach Kim Elie’s hus-band, Mark Elie, set up an online fundraising account that raised over $8,000 to fund the travel costs of her family members and coach-es. In a similar way, a local restaurant held an event in support of Christina that raised over $7,000 in one night. This money has created a fund in Christina’s name that pays for sign language instruction for her coaches. 
Mr. Speaker, I am extremely proud of Chris-
tina for continuing to push the bounds for what is possible within her sport. Christina has overcome many obstacles to become the decorated Olympic medalist she is today. She may live with disabilities, but she competes with the heart of an Olympian. That is why I am so truly honored to recognize Christina Cooney as a Hastings’ Hero. It is inspiring in-dividuals such as Christina, who give me great pride to represent in Congress. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on 
July 28 and July 29 on account of official busi-ness at the Trans-Pacific Partnership talks. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: 
On Roll Call 473, I would have voted No 
(Young amendment to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 474, I would have voted No 
(Smith amendment to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 475, I would have voted Aye 
(Johnson amendment to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 476, I would have voted Aye 
(Capps amendment to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 477, I would have voted Aye 
(Cicilline amendment to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 478, I would have voted Aye 
(Cicilline/Jackson-Lee amendment to the Reg-ulations from the Executive in Need of Scru-tiny Act). 
On Roll Call 479, I would have voted Aye 
(Nadler amendment to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 480, I would have voted Aye 
(Pocan/Moore amendment to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 481, I would have voted Aye 
(Motion to Recommit the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
On Roll Call 482, I would have voted No 
(Final passage of the Regulations from the Ex-ecutive in Need of Scrutiny Act). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.037 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1232 September 8, 2015 
On Roll Call 483, I would have voted No 
(Ordering the previous question on the Rule for H.R. 1994 and H.R. 3236). 
On Roll Call 484, I would have voted No 
(Rule for H.R. 1994 and H.R. 3236). 
On Roll Call 485, I would have voted Aye 
(Passage of the First Responder Anthrax Pre-paredness Act). 
On Roll Call 486, I would have voted Aye 
(Passage of the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act). 
On Roll Call 487, I would have voted Aye 
(Takano amendment to the VA Accountability Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 488, I would have voted Aye 
(Motion to recommit the VA Accountability Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 489, I would have voted No 
(Final passage of the VA Accountability Act of 2015). 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MARY 
BROWN 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Mary Brown, who re-cently passed away on August 28, 2015, at the age of 82. Mary was an extraordinary per-son, and she will always be remembered as a woman who lived her life with purpose and great dedication to her students, family, friends, and community. 
Mary Brown was the pioneer of girls’ bas-
ketball in the San Joaquin Valley. She left an indelible stamp in the record books and in-spired young women to fulfill their potential in athletics and academics. In 18 seasons at San Joaquin Memorial High School, she directed the girls’ basketball team to a 317–45 record, highlighted by 16 league titles and eight Cen-tral Section championships. Through her im-peccable coaching, the Panthers won 13 con-secutive league championships from 1971 to 1983, setting a state record, and the team had 97 straight league victories; the second long-est streak in state history. In 1973 she was named the Girls State Coach of the year. 
As a graduate of Fresno State, Mary was an 
exemplary community leader and gave back in ways that will not be forgotten. Her ability to motivate and inspire young women to reach their greatest potential was clearly visible in her coaching techniques. Mary has brought great pride to San Joaquin Memorial High School, and the community overall. Many of her former players consider Mary an icon and legend in sports. 
Her commitment to the community of Fres-
no will not be forgotten. All of those who knew her or played for her are truly grateful for the lasting imprint she has made in their lives as an incomparable coach and leader. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me in saying farewell to a woman who embodies passion and inspiration, Ms. Mary Brown. Her genuine character and loving commitment to her friends and commu-nity will be greatly missed. HONORING SERGEANT JOHN D. 
TREANTOS 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and honor the life of Sergeant John D. Treantos. The beloved father, grand-father, brother, and teacher passed away on Friday, July 31st, 2015 surrounded by his lov-ing family. 
During his youth, Sgt. Treantos grew up in 
California’s State Capitol, Sacramento where he attended the local high school, Sacramento High. Following graduation in 1954, he en-listed in the U.S. Marine Corps where he spent several years diligently serving our country. Sgt. Treantos’ time in the Marine Corps was spent teaching his fellow marines to navigate exiting helicopters during the Ko-rean War. In addition to always helping others, he was part of the unit to test helicopter tac-tics to be used with nuclear weapons. Before retiring from the Marine Corps, he achieved the rank of Sergeant. 
Following his service in the Marine Corps, 
Sgt. Treantos moved back to his hometown of Sacramento and enrolled at Sacramento State College. He obtained his degree and began his career as an educator where his passion for teaching history would be utilized and in-stilled in his students. Dedicating 52 years be-tween Sacramento High School, Tracy High School, and San Joaquin Delta College, Mr. Treantos loved teaching and once stated that he would work for free as long as he got to teach history. Mr. Treantos was a beloved teacher who would spend countless hours re-searching his lessons to ensure his students would not only learn what was being taught, but be able to envision the historic events that shaped the United States. His legacy will live on through the lessons he instilled in his stu-dents. 
In his retirement, Sgt. Treantos became ac-
tively involved in the Tracy American Legion Post 172. From 2002–2012, he served as Commander where he assisted in honoring local heroes, organized events, and selected recipients to attend Boys State. He was also involved in the Bill King Detachment 019 of the Marine Corps League in Modesto where he served two terms as the detachment Com-mandant. Sgt. Treantos was the Judge Advo-cate and took part in funerals for Marines, color guards and parades. Furthermore, Sgt. Treantos was the proud president of the Tracy War Memorial where he participated in hon-oring veterans and fallen heroes. Marine Treantos was an inaugural and sitting member of my Veterans Advisory Committee before his passing. 
Sgt. Treantos was deeply passionate about 
sports and unwaveringly loyal to the San Fran-cisco Giants. Downtime for Sgt. Treantos was spent enjoying music, theatre, museums, mov-
ies and most of all, reading books. He was never without a book and shared his desire for the arts and learning with the various people in his life. 
Sgt. Treantos is survived by his son John 
Treantos; daughters Jennifer, Melina and Imo-gene; five grandchildren Chris, John, Roger, Addy, and Cameron; three sisters Dena, Kathy, and Mary; and the mother of his chil-dren, Liz. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and 
recognizing Sergeant John D. Treantos for his service and outstanding contributions to the community as well as our country. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JULIA DOLLEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Julia Dollen from the Tri-Center Varsity Cheer team, as she has been honored with the status of All-American at the Tri-Center cheer camp. 
To achieve this status, Julia had to try out 
in front of the entire camp, demonstrating her knowledge and skill in all areas of cheer. Julia has dedicated her time and talents to achiev-ing a single goal and I commend her for her hard work and determination. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Julia dem-
onstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Julia on a job well done, and wish her nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MATTHEW WALZER 
FOR THE EXTRAORDINARY CON-TRIBUTIONS TO THE INTELLEC-TUALLY AND DEVELOP-MENTALLY DISABLED COMMU-NITY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Matthew Walzer for his extraor-dinary contributions to the lives of those with intellectual, developmental, and physical dis-abilities. It all began with a simple request to achieve a dream that most take for granted: 16-year-old Matthew needed an easier way to put on his shoes. 
You see, Matthew has cerebral palsy, a 
condition which stiffens the muscles in the body making it difficult to walk and even speak. In an open letter to Nike’s CEO Mark Parker, he explained that his condition makes it impossible to tie his shoes. Matthew, who at the time was preparing to leave high school and attend college, explained he simply want-ed to go to the college of his choice and not worry about someone tying his shoes every day. 
Originally, Nike planned to make just one 
pair of this revolutionary shoe for Matthew; however that was not enough for this inspiring young man. Matthew didn’t want a special shoe just for him—he understood this was an opportunity to develop something that would benefit a diverse community of millions of peo-ple facing various physical challenges. As a longtime admirer of Nike shoes, he brought at-
tention to the lack of a running or basketball shoe with a self-lacing system that could be used by everyone. 
Matthew’s discussions with Nike were the 
catalyst to change the world of shoe tech-nology. Through his tireless work alongside 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.041 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1233 September 8, 2015 
Nike, his dream became a reality. Nike re-
cently released the Zoom Lebron Soldier 8 FLYEASE, a shoe that features a wrap-around zipper system. Now a sophomore at Florida Gulf Coast University, Matthew is able to put his shoes on every day without assistance. 
Mr. Speaker, I am extremely proud of Mat-
thew Walzer for refusing to back down from his goal and his actively seeking out a uni-versal solution. He wanted to create a shoe not for one person, but for everyone. Even Lebron James wore them during a basketball game to prove that it was truly a shoe that ev-erybody could wear. 
I am so extremely proud to recognize Mat-
thew Walzer as a Hastings Star Student. Mat-thew has overcome diagnosis after diagnosis from doctors across the nation, and has prov-en that no matter the obstacles, he would not settle for the status quo. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ERIC NADEL 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Eric Nadel. 
Mr. Nadel was the 2014 recipient of the 
Ford C. Frick Award, presented annually for excellence in broadcasting by the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Currently he is in his 21st year as the lead voice on the Texas Rangers radio broadcasts, which marks his 37th year broadcasting Rangers baseball, the longest tenure of any announcer in the history of the franchise. 
Mr. Nadel is a seven-time recipient of the 
National Sportscasters and Sportswriters As-sociation Texas Sportscaster of the Year Award, and two-time winner of the Associated Press award for best play-by-play in Texas. He was also inducted as the 15th member of the Texas Rangers Baseball Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Nadel has spent several off seasons 
learning Spanish and has taken part in Span-ish game broadcasts in numerous Latin Amer-ican countries. He is the author of three books, including Texas Rangers: The Author-ized History, published in 1997. He also is very active in the local music scene, annually presenting a Birthday Benefit Concert at the Kessler Theater. 
A 1991 inductee in the Texas Baseball Hall 
of Fame, Eric and his wife, Jeannie, reside in Dallas with their dog, Kirby, a Yorkie mix. The city of Dallas is lucky to have him. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF PHILIP 
HAGOPIAN 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Philip Hagopian of Madera, California who recently passed away on Au-gust 20, 2015 at the age of 64. Philip will be missed greatly by his family, friends, and com-munity. 
Mr. Hagopian was born in Fresno, California 
on November 12, 1950, to Edward and Mar-garet Hagopian. He spent his early years in 
Fresno, before moving with his family to Kerman, and eventually settling in Madera. Upon graduating from high school, Philip went on to earn his B.A. in History from the Univer-sity of California, Davis. After trying his hand at various occupations, he came back home to Madera and joined the family business, farm-ing with his father, when he was 32 years old. 
In 1998, Philip married the love of his life, 
Ms. Carol Ann LeMarr. The following year, his dream of being a father came true when their son, Aram Alexander was born. He was a de-voted husband and father, and he truly loved farming in the San Joaquin Valley. Philip had a nurturing heart, and he enjoyed nothing 
more than to walk out into the fields and ap-preciate the crops he sowed. 
Mr. Hagopian was also dedicated to serving 
his community. For many years, he provided goods and services, and was active in his ag-ricultural profession. For instance, Philip served on the Madera County Planning Com-mission, board member for the Raisin Bar-gaining Association, Trustee of the Board at Holy Trinity Armenian Apostolic Church, and he served his country in the United States Army. 
Without question, Mr. Hagopian’s integrity, 
honor and long-lasting involvement in the rai-sin industry made him a reputable man; he was well known, well-liked and shown enor-mous appreciation by fellow farmers in the Central Valley. Philip worked hard and ex-pected nothing in return. This same generous spirit was evident in Philip’s love for his family. I am honored to join his family in celebrating the life of Philip Hagopian. His presence will be dearly missed in our community for many years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in remembering a man of great service and dedication. His memory will live on through his family and be remembered by many in our community. We are all better for having known Mr. Philip Hagopian, a remarkable Californian and Central Valley native. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MARGARITE 
GOODENOW 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Margarite Goodenow of the Bluffs Arts Council for re-ceiving an Iowa Governor’s Volunteer Award. 
Each year Iowa Governor Terry Branstad 
honors individuals who have exemplified ex-ceptional commitment to their communities through various service related activities. Mar-garite was granted this prestigious award as she has demonstrated her dedication to serv-ing the Bluffs Arts Council as both a board member and volunteer. Margarite’s hard work and dedication to serving others truly em-bodies our Iowa values. 
I applaud Margarite for her commitment to 
service and giving back to the community. It is an honor to represent civic minded Iowans like her in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating her for receiving this award and wish her nothing but continued success. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,154,955,297.86. We’ve 
added $7,524,277,906,384.78 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF FRANK PUMILIA 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life and legacy of Mr. Frank Pumilia of Margate, Florida, who sadly passed away on Sunday, August 30th at age 94. Frank was born in Brooklyn, New York and, at an early age, demonstrated a passion for poli-tics and a fervent interest in community serv-ice. He attended high school for only half a year before dropping out to support his family. Eventually, Frank became an owner of his own grocery store and later worked as an in-
surance investor. He retired to Margate, Flor-ida where he assumed a number of leadership positions within local organizations. 
Frank served as president of both the 
Margate Democratic Club and the Margate As-sociation of Condominiums. He also served as a chairman for the Margate Civil Service Board, member of the Broward County Demo-cratic Executive Committee, member of the advisory council of the Alzheimer’s Family Center. Frank was a highly regarded commu-nity leader. In 2010, he was selected by the Area Agency of Aging of Broward to receive the Broward County Senior Hall of Fame honor. 
I offer my deepest condolences to Frank’s 
family. He is survived by his daughter, Louise Ditto, by two sons, John Pumilia and Charles Pumilia, as well as five grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. Frank’s presence will be profoundly missed throughout the Margate community. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay my re-
spects to Frank Pumilia and his family. Frank was a great friend to me throughout the years. His spirit, loving memory, and legacy of out-standing leadership will always live on. 
f 
TRIBUTE: ALPHA DELTA KAPPA 
INTERNATIONAL HONORARY OR-GANIZATION FOR WOMEN EDU-CATORS 
HON. MO BROOKS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to commend the Alpha Delta Kappa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.045 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1234 September 8, 2015 
International Honorary Organization for 
Women Educators on its sixty-eight years of dedicated service and proclaim October 2015 as Alpha Delta Kappa Month. Established in 1947, Alpha Delta Kappa’s goals have been to establish high standards of education, give recognition to outstanding educators, build a fraternal fellowship among educators, and to promote educational and charitable projects and activities enriching the lives of individuals everywhere. 
With a membership of over 33,000 edu-
cators representing all fifty U.S. states, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Jamaica and Australia, Alpha Delta Kappa is committed to edu-cational excellence, personal and professional growth and for collectively channeling their en-ergies toward the good of their schools, com-munities, the teaching profession and the world. 
Women in education constitute a great por-
tion of the nation’s working force and are con-stantly striving to serve their communities and nation in educational, cultural, and charitable programs leading to harmony, happiness, and peace among all people. 
Over the last two years alone, the members 
of Alpha Delta Kappa have given altruistically to the communities they serve by raising near-ly twelve million dollars and volunteering more than 2 million service hours. Alpha Delta Kappa members also biennially awards nearly two million dollars through its 11 scholarship programs. 
I congratulate Alpha Delta Kappa Inter-
national Honorary Organization for Women Educators on their many years of unparalleled success and wish them well as they continue to educate our children. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
ANTONIO ‘‘TONY’’ CAMPOS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the dedication and success of Central Valley almond farmer, Antonio ‘‘Tony’’ Campos. Tony has demonstrated an unwaver-ing dedication to his community and to Cali-fornia agriculture. It is because of his service to the Central Valley that Tony Campos is being honored at the 2015 California Ag One Community Salute. 
Tony was born in Orondritz, Spain, a small 
village in the Pyrenees Mountains. As a teen-ager, Tony would hear of the opportunities of-fered in America and how one could establish a better life. When Tony was just 17 years old, he immigrated to the United States with his brothers, and settled in Caruthers, California. It was there where they first began to grow al-monds and by 1981, Tony and his brothers had established their almond farm, Campos Brothers Farms Almond Huller. Today, Tony and his wife, Juliet, continue to operate Campos Brothers Farms with their three chil-dren Steven, Joseph, and Jeannine. Their commitment and enthusiasm for California ag-riculture and community values have not fal-tered. 
The almond industry makes significant con-
tributions to the overall success of California’s economy. It is responsible for more than $21 billion in California’s economic output and 
adds about $11 billion to California’s gross state product. The almond industry makes for an active and healthy California economy. Tony Campos and Campos Brothers Farms have done a great deal to enrich California’s agriculture and economy. 
In addition to their dedication to California 
agriculture, the Campos family has also dedi-cated themselves to serving the community. Tony and his family support organizations such as Valley Children’s Hospital, Catholic Charities Diocese of Fresno, Basque Cultural Center, and Caruthers High School. Addition-ally, all of the proceeds raised to honor Tony at the 2015 Ag One Community Salute, will go toward establishing the Ag One- Antonio ‘‘Tony’’ Campos endowment that will support both students and programs of the Jordan College at California State University, Fresno. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing my longtime friend Tony Campos in the celebration of his achieve-ments as a Central Valley almond farmer and as the 2015 honoree at the Ag One Commu-nity Salute. It is with great pride that I thank Tony Campos for his service and lasting con-tributions to our community and to California agriculture. 
f 
WELCOME TO SCENIC MISSOURI 
CITY, TEXAS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Missouri City, Texas for earning a Platinum Level Scenic City Certification! Mis-souri City residents know full well what a beautiful city they live in and are proud that everybody across Texas agrees. 
Scenic Texas, a non-profit organization, 
awarded the Platinum Level Scenic City Cer-tification to Missouri City for five years. Mis-souri City is only one of eight cities to receive this top honor and the only city in the Houston area to earn Platinum status. The organization took note of Missouri City’s beautiful land-scapes, tree-lined streets, and dedication to cultural arts. This certification further dem-onstrates Missouri City’s commitment to im-proving the quality of life for its residents. We are extremely proud of this growing city! 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Mis-souri City! Thank you for keeping our little piece of Texas beautiful. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE IOWA FARM 
BUREAU FEDERATION MAR-KETING AND COMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation Marketing and Com-munications Department for receiving five prestigious awards at the American Farm Bu-reau Federation’s annual Strategic Policy, Ad-
vocacy, Resources and Communications Con-ference. 
Each year the American Farm Bureau Fed-
eration gives out awards at their Strategic Pol-icy, Advocacy, Resources and Communica-tions Conference to recognize select Farm Bu-reau Federation teams that excel in their out-reach and communication to the public. The conference is designed to incentivize strategic communication, aligning the organization’s platforms around important subjects and initia-tives that are aimed at creating better policy. The Iowa Farm Bureau Federation team re-ceived the following five awards: Best News-paper, Best News or Feature Series, Best Blog, Best Social Media Campaign, and Best Promotional or Education Video. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by the Iowa 
Farm Bureau Federation Marketing and Com-munications Department demonstrates the re-wards of hard work and dedication. Their ef-forts embody the Iowa sprit and I am honored to represent this valued Iowa organization in the United States Congress. I know that all of 
my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating this team on their achievements, and I wish them nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ANGELEAN 
‘‘ANGIE’’ CLARK GLASS OF HAL-LANDALE BEACH, FLORIDA 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor an esteemed teacher, community lead-er, and personal friend, Mrs. Angelean ‘‘Angie’’ Clark Glass. Angie was born on Janu-ary 3, 1937 in Hallandale Beach, Florida. She grew up as the first of four children born into the glorious union of the late Robert ‘‘Willard’’ Clark and Hazel Mabel Taylor Clark. 
Angie’s early accomplishments included 
being the star basketball player at Lanier Ele-mentary-Junior High School in Hallandale. She later went on to attend and graduate from Booker T. Washington High School in Miami, Florida in 1955. She received her Bachelor’s of Arts degree in Elementary Education from Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University (FAMU) in Tallahassee, Florida in June, 1959. Angie pursued additional matriculation at Barry University in Miami, Florida. 
After graduation, Angie began her remark-
able career at Sheridan Hills Elementary School in Hollywood, Florida. For 44 years, she taught at Sheridan Hills Elementary School, shaping the lives of generations of children and remaining at the school as var-ious principals came and went. Her dedication to the school came from her unwavering faith in her students, many of whom were inspired by her kindness and selflessness for her com-munity. 
As a devout Christian, Angie served as a 
member and was considered a pillar of both St. Anne’s Episcopal Church in Hallandale, Florida and St. Andrews Episcopal Church in Hollywood, Florida. Aside from serving faith-fully on the Vestry and Parish Council, she also coordinated all social activities and served as treasurer of the Church’s True Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.051 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1235 September 8, 2015 
Angie sponsored dinners for church mem-
bers every third Sunday of the month and pro-vided personal, financial assistance to aid the church’s less fortunate members. She coordi-nated food and clothing drives and served as Episcopal Youth Counselor and Senior War-den. For over seventy years, she remained loyal to the church and worked tirelessly wher-ever she was needed. Four words encap-sulate her life at the church and her life as a Christian: faith, devotion, generosity, and per-severance. 
As an active member of her community, 
Angie served on committees in Hallandale Beach, ensuring many projects and activities were effectively executed. She was one of the founders of the Community Civic Association and was heavily involved with MLK Parade and Scholarship fundraising. In 2013, Angie’s efforts did not go unnoticed. She was selected by the Human Services Advisory Board for the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Humanitarian Award. 
Friends and family knew Angie as someone 
who was a wonderlust at heart. Although she did not get to fulfill her dream of seeing the Seven Wonders of the World, she visited Lon-don, Alaska, the Grand Canyon, the Canadian Rockies and the Bahamas, the birthplace of her parents. When Angie was not traveling, she was giving back. She relished in the beauty and changes of the City of Hallandale Beach. She proudly supported the act of giv-ing her time, talents, and money to the cause of freedom, civil justice, and equality in the Hallandale Beach community. It was always her desire to make the community a better and more positive place to live. 
Throughout her illness, she showed the 
same courage, dignity, concern for loved ones, and grace as shown throughout her life. On July 26, 2015, Angelean, a dedicated par-ent, teacher and community leader left this world at 4:50 a.m. Precious memories remain with those she loved and touched. 
Angie is survived by her husband Rudolph 
‘‘Rudy’’ Glass, her beloved son Troy Andrews, her brother Leon Clark, a cherished grand-daughter Toya MacDonald, a great grandson, Tomas Martin, a sister-in-law, Mrs. Rowena Willson, and devoted brother-in-law, Thomas Glass. Her nieces Rhonda Merritt, Sonya Davis, Tangela Culpepper, Kamalie Cul-pepper, Robbie Clark, Ashley Roach Gardiner, and grand nieces Audrey and Olivia Gardiner, Markita Loisy, Rose Herard, Jasmine Herard, and Brianna Hyman. Her nephews Dr. Dwight Wilson, Thomas Glass, Jr., Steve Fisher and Fernando Loisy. 
Of her extended siblings, six step brothers, 
sisters, their mates and children: Dan Peoples, James Peoples, Deborah Ellis, Jacquelyn P. Riley, Gail Glass Alrich, Jacquelyn Glass, Linda Glass Bell, Alfred Glass Bell, Alfred Glass, Tracy Glass, Terry Glass, a god-daughter, Trina Stafford, the clergy members and family members and families of St. Ann’s, St. Thomas, and St. James-in-the-Hills Epis-copal Churches in Hallandale and Hollywood, Florida. Other extended family members— They Taylors, a devoted and compassionate friend and godmother of Troy Andrews, Maureen S. Bethel, other friends throughout the years—Mrs. Jacquelyn Singleton, Mrs. Joyce Langston, Mrs. Beverly Williams, Mrs. Ulee Major, Booker T. Washington High School Classmates of 1955, and several cous-ins, associates and business partners. Mr. Speaker. I once again want to honor 
Mrs. Angelean ‘‘Angie’’ Clark Glass for her dedication and commitment to education, her community, and to her family. She was a kind human being whose legacy and memory will always live on. I was truly proud to call Angie my friend and will miss her dearly. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF LOUIS 
STOKES, CIVIL RIGHTS CHAM-PION, WORLD WAR II VETERAN, ADVOCATE FOR THE DISADVAN-TAGED, OHIO’S FIRST AFRICAN AMERICAN CONGRESSMAN, EX-CEPTIONAL LEGISLATOR, AND BELOVED MEMBER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
a heavy heart that I rise to speak in praise of Louis Stokes, one of the greatest and most re-spected Members ever to serve in this body, who died on Tuesday, August 18, 2015, at his home near Cleveland, Ohio at the age of 90. 
It is not unusual in these days for com-
mentators and politicians to talk of something called ‘‘American Exceptionalism.’’ 
But what is meant by the term? Mr. Speaker, one way to understand the 
term: America is exceptional because it pro-duces and finds persons like Louis Stokes and affords them the opportunity to utilize their tal-ents to the fullest in the service of their com-munity and their country. 
Think about it: in what other nation does a 
little African American boy born in 1925 on the east side of Cleveland and raised in the Outhwaite Homes housing project by a mother who worked as a domestic go on to become a lawyer who argues and wins a landmark criminal justice reform case (Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1 (1968)) in the United States Su-preme Court; become the first African Amer-ican elected to Congress; is selected to chair the powerful Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct, the Select Committee on As-sassinations, and an Appropriations Sub-committee responsible for more than $90 bil-lion annually in federal outlays? 
Yes, America is an exceptional nation and 
Louis Stokes was an exceptional human being. 
Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes was born on 
February 23, 1925, in Cleveland, Ohio, to Charles and Louise Cinthy (nee Stone) Stokes. 
When he was three years old, his father, 
who worked in a laundromat, died leaving young Louis and his younger brother, Carl, to be raised by their mother, who worked as a domestic for affluent families in the wealthy Cleveland suburbs. 
Louis Stokes’ maternal grandmother played 
a critical role in his life because she took care of the Stokes boys while their mother was at work and instilled in them ‘‘the idea that work with your hands is the hard way of doing things’’ and encouraged them over and over ‘‘to learn to use their heads.’’ 
Louis Stokes took the advice to heart so 
after attending Cleveland’s Central High School and serving in the U.S. Army during 
World War II, he returned home to attend what is now Case Western Reserve University on the G.I. Bill at night while working during the day for the Veterans Administration and the Department of the Treasury. 
After graduating from college in two years 
where he excelled as a student, Louis Stokes was accepted for admission to Cleveland Mar-shall School of Law, from which he graduated in 1953; three years later, his brother Carl would also graduate from Cleveland Marshall School of Law and the two of them would go on to form the law firm of Stokes & Stokes specializing in the areas of civil rights and criminal law. 
In 1964, the Supreme Court decided the 
landmark case of Reynolds v. Sims, 377 U.S. 533 (1964), which established the principle of ‘‘one person, one vote’’ governing the reappor-tionment of legislative boundaries. 
The following year, working on behalf of the 
local branch of the NAACP, Louis Stokes led the legal challenge to the Ohio legislature’s congressional redistricting, which had the ef-fect of diluting African American voting strength in Cleveland. 
The challenge was unsuccessful in the fed-
eral district court but undeterred, Louis Stokes, joined by Charles Lucas, an African American Republican, successfully appealed the deci-sion to the U.S. Supreme Court, which in an order handed down in 1967 ruled the redis-tricting plan unconstitutional and ordered it redrawn, resulting in the creation of Ohio’s first majority-black district, the 21st Congressional District of Ohio. 
Ironically, Louis Stokes would defeat his 
one-time ally Charles Lucas to win that seat in November 1968, capturing 75% of the vote, the closest of his 15 successful elections to the U.S. House of Representatives. 
For the next 30 years, from 1969 to 1999, 
Congressman Stokes tirelessly fought for his constituents in Cleveland and for the best in-terests of the people of Ohio and the United States. 
Louis Stokes, a founding member and Chair 
of the Congressional Black Caucus from 1972–74, was the epitome of a public servant. 
In his second term in Congress, he won ap-
pointment to the powerful House Appropria-tions Committee, where he served for 28 years, later becoming the second African American ‘‘Cardinal’’ in history when he was selected to chair the VA, HUD, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. 
Because of the esteem in which he was 
held by his colleagues and the leadership, Louis Stokes would also later be selected to chair the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Select Committee charged with investigating the assassinations of President Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
As Chairman of the House Ethics Com-
mittee and a person of unquestioned integrity, Louis Stokes oversaw the committee’s inves-tigation of the corruption scandal known as ABSCAM in 1979–80, which eventually led to convictions of a senator and six House mem-bers. 
Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes perhaps is best 
known for the national attention he attracted in 1987 as a member of the House Select Com-mittee to Investigate Covert Arms Trans-actions with Iran (‘‘Iran-Contra’’), the scandal involving the illegal sale of military weapons to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.055 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1236 September 8, 2015 
the Ayatollah Khomeini’s Iran to generate 
money to fund the illegal contra war in Nica-ragua. 
In response to the claim by Colonel Oliver 
North that he acted out of patriotism in engi-neering the illegal weapons sales and divert-ing the proceeds to fund the contras, a stern Louis Stokes lectured the misguided Colonel North on the rule of law, the true meaning of patriotism, and, in the process American exceptionalism: 
I suppose that what has been most dis-
turbing to me about your testimony is the ugly part. In fact, it has been more than ugly. It has been chilling, and, in fact, frightening. I’m not just talking about your part in this, but the entire scenario, about government officials who plotted and con-spired, who set up a straw man, a fall guy. Officials who lied, misrepresented and de-ceived. Officials who planned to superimpose upon our government a layer outside of our government, shrouded in secrecy and only accountable to the conspirators. 
Colonel, as I sit here this morning looking 
at you in your uniform, I cannot help but re-member that I wore the uniform of this country in World War II in a segregated Army. I wore it as proudly as you do, even though our government required black and white soldiers in the same Army to live, sleep, eat and travel separate and apart, while fighting and dying for our country. But because of the rule of law, today’s serv-icemen in America suffer no such indignity. 
My mother, a widow, raised two boys. She 
had an eighth-grade education. She was a do-mestic worker who scrubbed floors. One son became the first black mayor of a major American city. The other sits today as chair-man of a House intelligence committee. Only in America, Col. North. Only in America. And while I admire your love for America, I hope that you will never forget that others too love America just as much as you do and that others will die for America, just as quick as you will. 
Louis Stokes never wavered in his belief 
that America could fulfill the promise of its Founders or his dedication to the principles of the Declaration of Independence and the Con-stitution, stating: 
I’m going to keep on denouncing the in-
equities of this system, but I’m going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself—to deny my own existence. I’ve beaten the system. I’ve proved it can be done—so have a lot of others. 
But the problem is that a black man has to 
be extra special to win in this system. Why should you have to be a super black to get someplace? That’s what’s wrong in the soci-ety. The ordinary black man doesn’t have the same chance as the ordinary white man does. 
Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes’ commitment to 
fairness and equal treatment started long be-fore he was elected to Congress. 
As a lawyer for the NAACP, he brought anti- 
discrimination lawsuits, represented dem-onstrators arrested in anti-discrimination marches and sit-ins, and took the cases of poor persons charged with crimes. 
One of those criminal cases he took is 
known to every lawyer in America and appre-ciated by every person who cherishes the pro-tections guaranteed by the 4th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
I am speaking of the famous case of Terry 
v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1 (1968) won by Louis Stokes in which the Supreme Court held that a police officer could ‘‘stop and frisk’’ an indi-vidual only where he could articulate a reason-able basis that the person was, or was about 
to be, engaged in criminal activity. 
As a result of Terry v. Ohio, a police officer 
has the right to stop, frisk, and question an in-dividual he reasonably suspects to be en-gaged in criminal activity, but cannot seize items from that person if the pat down of the suspect’s outer clothing does not reveal any weapons posing a threat to the officer’s safety. 
Because of Louis Stokes’ exceptional advo-
cacy in Terry v. Ohio, the right of every indi-vidual to secure from unreasonable searches and seizures was preserved while at the same not impeding the ability of law enforcement of-ficers to perform their duties safely. 
Mr. Speaker, every citizen benefits from this 
ruling and communities that have a history of being harassed by law enforcement protected by the Constitution from arbitrary and abusive treatment by law enforcement. 
But the fight for a criminal justice system 
that respects the rights of all persons is not over. 
That is why I am proud to be the Ranking 
Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations and a leader in the effort to re-form the criminal justice system so that all per-sons receive fair and equal treatment regard-less of their race, gender, religion, or national origin. 
Louis Stokes fought tirelessly to fulfill the 
promise of the 14th Amendment that ‘‘no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any state de-prive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-tion of the laws.’’ 
It is a fight I am proud to continue today. Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes will be mourned 
by friends and colleagues on both sides of the aisle who had the privilege to serve alongside him. 
He was a mentor to me and I will always re-
member his commanding presence and cher-ish the assistance he provided me and the ex-ample he set for new Members to follow. 
My thoughts and prayers are with his Jay, 
Louis’ beloved wife of 55 years; to his chil-dren, Shelly, Louis, Angela, and Lorene; his grandchildren; and the untold thousands of persons who touched and whose lives were touched by one of Cleveland’s greatest sons. 
Mr. Speaker I ask the House to observe a 
moment of silence in memory of Louis Stokes, an exceptional American, and the gentleman from Ohio who served in this chamber for three decades with honor, integrity, and dis-tinction. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
FORMER WASHINGTON STATE SENATOR BOB MORTON, A LIFE-LONG ADVOCATE FOR NORTH-EASTERN WASHINGTON 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
in August, Washington State lost one of our best, former Washington State Senator Bob Morton. Today, I rise to celebrate his life and the legacy he leaves behind in Northeastern 
Washington. 
Before winning election to the Washington 
State House of Representatives, Bob was a farmer, flew as a bush pilot in Alaska and cloud seeder in Spokane, and was a logger in Northeastern Washington. Bob was also a minister and helped perform my wedding cere-mony to my husband, Brian. 
In 1990, Senator Morton was elected to the 
Washington State House of Representatives, where he served until his appointment to the Washington State Senate in 1994. In the Sen-ate, Senator Morton was a tireless champion for the 7th legislative district in Northeastern Washington, focusing on issues closest to his constituents and serving as Chair of the Nat-ural Resources, Energy & Water Committee and Chair of the Agriculture & Environment Committee. He believed in the people and the way of life we enjoy in Northeastern Wash-ington. He was most comfortable in cowboy boots and a cowboy hat. He passionately fought for our priorities which on one occa-sion, led him to be graveled down by the President of the Senate for blowing a railroad whistle on the Senate floor when he thought he was being railroaded by legislation. 
Ahead of his time to promote forest health, 
Senator Morton championed the idea of thinning the trees in our forests in order that they may be less susceptible to catastrophic fire. He also spearheaded efforts to develop a statewide plan to preserve the health of for-ests across Washington State. Senator Morton also advocated to protect water rights for agri-culture use and to defend livestock from wild animal predation. 
In 2006, Senator Morton was instrumental in 
passing historical water legislation that sought out new water supplies through the construc-tion of new storage facilities and conservation measures. During this time, he was also known for carrying around a seven foot tall pole that depicted the flow of the Columbia River. At the bill signing ceremony, Senator Morton presented this pole to Governor Gregoire as a gift. 
Senator Morton was also passionate about 
compiling and distributing an annual salmon report. He was committed to protecting our way of life even if it meant proposing to split the state in two. 
Senator Morton was extremely well liked 
and respected, not only by his constituents and staff, but by Senators on both sides of the aisle. A man of strong convictions, he epito-mized a perfect gentleman, respectful of all viewpoints and always ready with just the right words to say. 
On a personal note, Bob was my mentor, a 
role model, an inspiration, and constant en-couragement. As Senator, he was a tremen-dous example both in his devotion to God and to his community. As a young college grad-uate, I had the distinct honor of working for Bob as his legislative aide while he served in the Washington State House of Representa-tives. Bob took a chance on me—he believed in me and I will forever be grateful for his sup-port and encouragement. 
I rise to thank Senator Bob Morton for his 
years of dedication and service to North-eastern Washington. Bob lived his life to dem-onstrate God’s love. Whenever I see someone with a cowboy hat walking the halls of Con-gress, I will fondly remember State Senator Bob Morton, his love for God, and for people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.056 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1237 September 8, 2015 
My thoughts and prayers remain with his wife, 
Linda, his children, and other family members and friends. They don’t come any better than Bob Morton. 
f 
BICENTENNIAL OF ALLEN 
COUNTY, KENTUCKY 
HON. ED WHITFIELD 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the bicentennial of Allen County, Kentucky, located in the First Congressional District. This momentous occasion not only celebrates the rich history of Allen County, but the many thousands of residents who over the years have made it a vibrant and thriving com-munity. 
Allen County was formed in 1815, the fifty- 
seventh county in the Commonwealth, and named in honor of Colonel John Allen, a hero of the War of 1812. Soldiers made their way into the hilly terrain of Allen County during the Civil War, and Dumont Hill, which currently serves as a park, remains a link to this past. 
The area’s largest source of tourism came 
about in 1964 when the Port Oliver Dam on the Barren River was completed, creating the 2,187-acre Barren River Lake State Resort Park. Aside from Barren River Lake, Allen County offers tourists a wide range of activi-ties throughout the year. From summer con-cert series to one of the area’s largest Christ-mas parades, Allen County boasts many ac-tive people and organizations and is always eager to showcase its recently revitalized downtown. Jacksonian Days, held in the fall, is a weeklong street festival revolving around the old hotel, long rumored to have been a stop on President Andrew Jackson’s commute to and from his home in Nashville to Washington, D.C. 
This progressive community offers small- 
town hospitality with access to metropolitan amenities. It also has a thriving industrial base, including Halton Company and Sumitomo. Dollar General was founded in the area over 75 years ago and remains a leading employer today, along with the J.M. Smucker Company, whose plant produces in excess of one million sandwiches per day, making Allen County the largest peanut butter and jelly sandwich producer in the nation. 
To commemorate the county’s bicentennial, 
community leaders and residents of Allen County have planned several events to edu-cate Kentuckians about the history of Allen County and celebrate its residents and culture. One such event was a one-act play entitled, ‘‘Allen County: A Work in Progress.’’ The play featured familiar characters remembering the people, places, and events of Allen County’s past. A free live concert was also held in July featuring Scottsville’s own Sweetwater and starring country superstars Diamond Rio on the public square. 
It is my privilege to represent Allen County 
in the U.S. House of Representatives and I hope my colleagues in Congress will join me in celebrating this community and its resi-dents. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH 
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY OF JIM AND LEE VANOY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize my friends, Jim and Lee Vanoy, on their 50th wedding anniversary. 
Jim and Lee met on a blind date in July of 
1965 and less than six weeks later eloped and were married on August 26, 1965. Because of the Vietnam War draft rules, many couples were married on that date. 
Together Jim and Lee raised two boys, Van 
and Ben. They are the proud grandparents of four grandchildren, Courtney, Taylor, Blake, and Alex. 
The Vanoy family made their home in 
Opelika, Alabama, for the last 45 years. Jim is retired from the Uniroyal Tire plant and Lee, after serving many years as a church sec-retary, currently serves as the county voter registrar. 
They enjoy Bible studies, doing home repair 
for the elderly, and traveling. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing this 
couple a very Happy 50th Wedding Anniver-sary. 
f 
HONORING THE 24TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF MACEDONIAN INDE-PENDENCE 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the Macedonian-Amer-ican community in honor of their homeland’s Independence Day. The people of the Repub-lic of Macedonia voted on September 8, 1991, to officially gain independence from the former Yugoslavia. By voting for independence, the people decided that it was time for their coun-try to forge its own path and to begin a new era in their history. This 24th anniversary of their independence provides us all an oppor-tunity to recognize the Macedonian-American community’s significant contributions within the United States. 
Since 2001, Macedonia has been one of the 
staunchest allies of the United States in the War on Terror. Macedonia was the fourth and fifth largest contributor of troops, per capita, in the mission in Afghanistan. Macedonian troops guarded American troops at the compound in Kabul. And, Macedonia welcomed 50,000 and 400,000 refugees during the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo, respectively. For a country of lit-tle over two million, Macedonia has done its fair share and deserves to be in NATO. On that note, I ask that you join me, and 34 col-leagues, in cosponsoring H. Res. 56 in sup-port of Macedonia’s NATO accession at the Warsaw Summit in 2016. 
This month will also mark the 20th year of 
full diplomatic relations between the United States and Macedonia. With American sup-port, Macedonia has become a model of sta-bility in a region known for ethnic strife and tension. Recently, Macedonia has been struck 
with the unprecedented refugee crisis facing Europe, as thousands of migrants and refu-gees have fled war-torn countries in the Mid-dle East and North Africa. This year alone, an estimated 70,000 migrants have traveled through Macedonia, and the Macedonian gov-ernment is attempting to organize an orderly response to the influx of people, including or-ganizing daily trains to ferry migrants from the southern to the northern border. If the partner-ship between the United States and Mac-edonia is to remain strong, the country needs our continued support. I also use this oppor-tunity to urge Macedonia’s leaders to continue strengthening their institutions and reforming its democracy and rule of law. 
As a way to recognize and strengthen this 
partnership, I started the first Congressional Caucus on Macedonia and Macedonian-Amer-icans. This Caucus is a bipartisan group of members of Congress dedicated to maintain-ing and strengthening a positive and mutually beneficial relationship between the United 
States and the Republic of Macedonia, as well as advocating for the concerns and interests of the Macedonian community in the United States. 
Michigan’s 10th District has one of the larg-
est populations of Macedonian-Americans in the Nation. Over Labor Day weekend, St. Mary Macedonian Orthodox Cathedral in Ster-ling Heights, Michigan hosted the 41st Annual American-Canadian Macedonian Orthodox Convention, bringing thousands of guests from throughout the U.S. and Canada to my Dis-trict. I would like to acknowledge their con-tributions to our District and our State, and I look forward to continuing that relationship as we deal with the problems facing our great Nation. 
Again, congratulations to all of Macedonian 
heritage for their achievements as we com-memorate the anniversary of Macedonia’s independence. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WAYNE WATTS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. Wayne Watts, General Counsel and Senior Executive Vice President of AT&T. Mr. Watts served a total of 32 years at AT&T, starting as a rookie lawyer in the litigation department of what was then Southwestern Bell Telephone Company. As he enters retirement, it is fitting that this body honors Mr. Watts and his signifi-cant career that was embodied by his commit-ment to improving the Dallas community and beyond. 
Mr. Watts was born in Abilene and raised in 
the blue-collar Dallas neighborhood of Oak Cliff. He went on to receive an undergraduate degree from the University of Texas-Arlington, and a Juris Doctorate from the Dedman School of Law at Southern Methodist Univer-sity. Throughout his career, his affection for Dallas and all of its people only grew. 
In his role at AT&T, Mr. Watts was directly 
involved in negotiating dozens of mergers and acquisitions with a combined value of nearly $250 billion. These negotiations saw South-western Bell transform from the smallest of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.057 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1238 September 8, 2015 
Baby Bell companies into AT&T, the world’s 
largest communications business. 
In addition to his professional successes, 
Mr. Watts was committed to enriching his community. He gained national fame for influ-encing law firms to hire and promote more women and minorities. He constantly pushed his legal staff of thousands of global lawyers to do more pro bono and public service work. In addition to being a member of the advisory boards of the SMU Dedman School of Law, the Salvation Army’s Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex Command, and the Development Board at the University of Texas at Arlington, he serves on the board of Texas Access to Justice, a non-profit which provides funding for poor and indigent people who need legal serv-ices. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Watts’ leadership has 
brought the business community and the greater community of Dallas and the United States resounding success. I recognize Mr. Watts as a great businessman, but more im-portantly, as a great American who devoted his career to expanding opportunities for oth-ers. REMEMBERING CONGRESSMAN 
LOUIS STOKES 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the life and service of a good friend, Con-gressman Louis Stokes. He was the voice of the people of Cleveland, Ohio in the House of Representatives for 30 years and will be 
missed by every person he touched. Although I never had the privilege of serving with Lou, he was a dear friend to my husband and they did much good work together on many critical issues, including civil rights. I will always re-member him for his thoughtfulness, gracious-ness, and integrity. 
Born on February 23, 1925 in Cleveland, 
Congressman Stokes revealed the true nature of his character at an early age when he start-ed shining shoes and clerking at an Army/ Navy store to supplement the income of his widowed mother. A man dedicated to public service, he served our nation honorably in the U.S. Army and continued his service when he returned home through working at the VA and Treasury Department offices in Cleveland. He also made a name for himself as a civil rights 
lawyer while working for the Cleveland NAACP, and ran for Congress successfully in 1968. 
In Congress, Lou was a strong voice for mi-
norities and the disadvantaged. A founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman Stokes served as Chairman of the group for two consecutive terms beginning in 1972. Through his seat on the Appropria-tions Committee, Congressman Stokes ad-vanced civil rights in this country by fighting against segregation and in support of affirma-tive action and fair housing. His legacy on these issues can still be felt today. 
Congress would do good to follow the ex-
ample that Congressman Stokes set for all of us—that what matters most in this body is that you put your head down, do what is right for your constituents, and vote your conscience. The thing I remember most about Lou is that he never forgot where he came from and al-ways put the people of Cleveland first. My thoughts and prayers are with the Stokes fam-ily during this difficult time. It is my hope that all members of this Congress will be inspired by the great example that Congressman Louis Stokes set for all of us and by the contribu-tions he made to this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.061 E08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D943 Tuesday, September 8, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6437–S6475 
Measures Reported: 
Reported on Friday, August 28, during the ad-
journment: 
S. 1251, to implement the Amendment to the 
Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, as adopted at Lis-bon, Portugal on September 28, 2007. (S. Rept. No. 114–120) 
S. 1315, to protect the right of law-abiding citi-
zens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions. (S. Rept. No. 114–121) 
S. 1493, to provide for an increase, effective De-
cember 1, 2015, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans. (S. Rept. No. 114–122) 
Report to accompany H.R. 1531, to amend title 
5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land man-agement agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures. (S. Rept. No. 114–123) 
Reported on Tuesday, September 8: S. 1137, to amend title 35, United States Code, 
and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S6466 
Measures Passed: 
Small Business Development Centers of the 
United States Anniversary: Committee on Small 
Business and Entrepreneurship was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 243, celebrating the 35th anniversary of the Small Business Development Centers of the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                            Page S6469 Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act—Agreement: Senate began 
consideration of H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6441–55 
Pending: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2640, of a perfecting 
nature.                                                                              Page S6441 
McConnell Amendment No. 2641 (to Amend-
ment No. 2640), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S6441 
McConnell Amendment No. 2642 (to Amend-
ment No. 2641), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6441 
McConnell Amendment No. 2643 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2640), to change the enactment date.
            Page S6441 
McConnell Amendment No. 2644 (to Amend-
ment No. 2643), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6441 
McConnell motion to commit the joint resolution 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, with in-structions, McConnell Amendment No. 2645, to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S6441 
McConnell Amendment No. 2646 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2645), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                     Pages S6441–42 
McConnell Amendment No. 2647 (to Amend-
ment No. 2646), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6442 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing for further consideration of the joint reso-lution at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, September 9, 2015, with the time until 12:30 p.m., equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees; that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m., to allow for the weekly conference meetings; and that the time from 2:15 p.m. until 7 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE5.REC D08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D944 September 8, 2015 
p.m., also be equally divided between the two Lead-
ers, or their designees, and that the time from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m., be controlled by the Democrats, and from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m., be controlled by the Major-ity.
                                                                                     Page S6469 
Appointments: 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the 
President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appointed the following Member to serve on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Senator Sasse.
   Page S6469 
Congressional Award Board: The Chair, on be-
half of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appointed the following indi-vidual to the Congressional Award Board: David Schiappa, of Maryland.
                                            Page S6469 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
263), Roseann A. Ketchmark, of Missouri, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Missouri.
                                   Pages S6455–57, S6475 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Clare E. Connors, of Hawaii, to be United States 
District Judge for the District of Hawaii. 
Stephanie A. Gallagher, of Maryland, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of Maryland. 
Mary S. McElroy, of Rhode Island, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of Rhode Is-land. Edward L. Gilmore, of Illinois, to be United 
States Marshal for the Northern District of Illinois for the term of four years. 
4 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign 
Service, and Navy.
                                             Pages S6469–75 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6461 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6461–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6466–68 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6459–61 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6468–69 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—263)                                                                 Page S6457 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:25 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, September 9, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the 
remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6469.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3442–3454; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 65; H. Con. Res. 73–74; and H. Res. 409–410, were introduced.
                                                        Page H5847 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5848–50 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1344, to amend the Public Health Service 
Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, di-agnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of- hearing newborns, infants, and young children, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–241); H.R. 2820, to reauthorize the Stem Cell Thera-
peutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–242); 
H.R. 3154, to allow manufacturers to meet war-
ranty and labeling requirements for consumer prod-ucts by displaying the terms of warranties on Inter-net websites, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–243); 
H.R. 1462, to combat the rise of prenatal opioid 
abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome (H. Rept. 114–244); 
H.R. 1725, to amend and reauthorize the con-
trolled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–245); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE5.REC D08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D945 September 8, 2015 
H.R. 758, to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules 
of Civil Procedure to improve attorney account-ability, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–246); 
H.R. 2954, to designate the Federal building lo-
cated at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’ (H. Rept. 114–247); 
S. 261, to designate the United States courthouse 
located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse (H. Rept. 114–248); 
H.R. 3114, to provide funds to the Army Corps 
of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–249); 
H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma 
to lease or transfer certain lands (H. Rept. 114–250); 
H.R. 959, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–251); 
H.R. 1949, to provide for the consideration and 
submission of site and design proposals for the Na-tional Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia (H. Rept. 114–252); 
H.R. 1937, to require the Secretary of the Interior 
and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness (H. Rept. 114–253, Part 1); 
H.R. 2791, to require that certain Federal lands 
be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–254); 
S. 501, to make technical corrections to the Nav-
ajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mex-ico, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–255); and 
H. Res. 408, providing for consideration of the 
joint resolution (H.J. Res. 64) disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran (H. Rept. 114–256).
                        Pages H5846–47 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5789 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-
resentative Roskam announced his intent to offer a 
privileged resolution.                                        Pages H5791–94 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:39 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4 p.m.                                                           Page H5794 Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act 
of 2015: H.R. 1344, amended, to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children;
                                                                 Pages H5794–96 
National All Schedules Prescription Electronic 
Reporting Reauthorization Act of 2015: H.R. 
1725, amended, to amend and reauthorize the con-trolled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H5796–98 
Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015: H.R. 1462, 
to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neo-natal abstinence syndrome;
                    Pages H5798–H5801 
Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthor-
ization Act of 2015: H.R. 2820, to reauthorize the 
Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005; and
                                                                            Pages H5801–04 
E-Warranty Act of 2015: S. 1359, to allow man-
ufacturers to meet warranty and labeling require-ments for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, by a 
2⁄3 
yea-and-nay vote of 388 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 490.
                                                       Pages H5804–05, H5805–06 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:57 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:32 p.m.                                                    Page H5805 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds: The 
House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 70, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run.
       Page H5806 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds: The 
House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 73, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the 2nd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony. 
                                                                                            Page H5806 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds: The 
House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 74, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for an event to commemorate the 20th Anniversary of the Million Man March. 
                                                                                    Pages H5806–07 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H5789 and H5790. 
Senate Referrals: S. 1297, S. 1523, S. 1707, and S. 
1347 were held at the desk. S. 267 was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. S. 1826, S. 1596, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE5.REC D08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D946 September 8, 2015 
and S. 1576 were referred to the Committee on 
Oversight and Government Reform. S. 1362 was re-ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
                                                                                            Page H5826 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H5805–06. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 9:45 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
JOINT RESOLUTION DISAPPROVING OF 
THE AGREEMENT TRANSMITTED TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESIDENT ON JULY 19, 2015, RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR PROGRAM OF IRAN 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.J. Res. 64, disapproving of the agreement trans-mitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.J. Res. 64. The rule provides ten hours of debate equally divided among and controlled by the respec-tive chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides a final period of debate, which shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 2, the rule provides that upon receipt of a message from the Senate transmitting H.J. Res. 61 with a Senate amendment to the text thereof consisting only of the text of H.J. Res. 64 as passed by the House, the House shall be considered to have concurred in the Senate amend-
ment or amendments. Testimony was heard from Chairman Royce and Representatives Maxine Waters of California, Levin, Gohmert, and Jackson Lee. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D922) 
H.R. 876, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to require hospitals to provide certain no-tifications to individuals classified by such hospitals 
under observation status rather than admitted as in-patients of such hospitals. Signed on August 6, 2015. (Public Law 114–42) 
H.R. 1626, to reduce duplication of information 
technology at the Department of Homeland Security. Signed on August 6, 2015. (Public Law 114–43) 
S. 1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions re-
lating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. Signed on Au-gust 6, 2015. (Public Law 114–44) 
H.R. 212, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act 
to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water. Signed on Au-gust 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–45) 
H.R. 1138, to establish certain wilderness areas in 
central Idaho and to authorize various land convey-ances involving National Forest System land and Bu-reau of Land Management land in central Idaho. Signed on August 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–46) 
H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employ-ees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures. Signed on August 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–47) 
H.R. 2131, to designate the Federal building and 
United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’. Signed on August 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–48) 
H.R. 2559, to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee 
Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. Signed on August 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–49) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 9, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services , Subcommittee on Seapower, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Air Force Long-Range Strike—capabilities and employment concepts’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget , Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Restoring the Trust for Young Americans’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power; and Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE5.REC D08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D947 September 8, 2015 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-
burn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting 
Affordable Coverage for Employees’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Task Force to Investigate 
Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘Could America Do More? An Examination of U.S. Efforts to Stop the Fi-nancing of Terror’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Implications of a Nuclear Agreement with Iran, Part IV’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Agricultural Trade with Cuba’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging 
Threats; and Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of Water in Avoiding Conflict and Building Prosperity’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Planned Parenthood Exposed: Examining the Hor-rific Abortion Practices at the Nation’s Largest Abortion Provider’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 538, the ‘‘Native American Energy Act’’; H.R. 1541, the ‘‘PRISM Act’’; H.R. 1644, the ‘‘STREAM Act’’; H.R. 1880, the ‘‘Albuquerque Indian School Land Transfer Act’’; H.R. 2130, the ‘‘Red River Private Prop-erty Protection Act’’; H.R. 2168, the ‘‘West Coast Dun-geness Crab Management Act’’; and H.R. 2288, to re-move the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Violence on the Border: Keep-ing U.S. Personnel Safe’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Holding EPA Accountable for Polluting Western Waters’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of September 9 through September 11, 
2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Wednesday , at approximately 10 a.m., Senate 
will continue consideration of H.J. Res. 61, Hire More Heroes Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Select Committee on Intelligence: September 9, to hold 
closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219. House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services , September 10, Sub-
committee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Optimized Fleet Response Plan’’, 8 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
September 10, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The Obama Administration’s Deal with Iran: Implications for Missile Defense and Nonprolifera-tion’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , September 10, 
Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing and Responding to Sexual Assault on College Campuses’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , September 10, Sub-
committee on Energy and Power, markup on H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
September 11, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Federal Facility Cleanup under CERCLA’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
September 11, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Strengthening Medicaid Program Integrity and Closing Loopholes’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , September 10, Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investigations; and Sub-committee on Capital Markets and Government Spon-sored Enterprises, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Preserving Re-tirement Security and Investment Choices for All Ameri-cans’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , September 10, Sub-
committee on the Western Hemisphere; and Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific, joint hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Advance in Latin America and the Caribbean’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
September 11, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Im-
plications of a Nuclear Agreement with Iran, Part V’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , September 10, Sub-
committee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, markup on Committee Print of the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for At-tacks and Responding to Emergencies Act’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , September 10, Subcommittee 
on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Competition in the Health Care Marketplace: The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s Impact on Competition’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. 
September 10, Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual 
Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Unmanned 
Aerial Vehicles: Commercial Applications and Public Pol-icy Implications’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , September 10, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 538, the ‘‘Native American Energy Act’’; H.R. 1541, the ‘‘PRISM Act’’; H.R. 1644, the ‘‘STREAM Act’’; H.R. 1880, the ‘‘Albuquerque In-dian School Land Transfer Act’’; H.R. 2130, the ‘‘Red River Private Property Protection Act’’; H.R. 2168, the ‘‘West Coast Dungeness Crab Management Act’’; and H.R. 2288, to remove the use restrictions on certain land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE5.REC D08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D948 September 8, 2015 
transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for 
other purposes (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
September 11, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hear-
ing on H.R. 3036, the ‘‘National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , September 
10, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘GSA: Army Fee Assistance’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , September 10, 
Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on En-ergy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Vulnerabilities of America’s Power Supply’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
September 10, Subcommittee on Research and Tech-
nology, markup on Committee Print of the ‘‘Surface Transportation Research and Development Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2886, the ‘‘Future Transportation Research and 
Innovation for Prosperity Act’’, 2:30 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. September 11, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing 
entitled ‘‘State Perspectives: How EPA’s Power Plan Will Shut Down Power Plants’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , September 10, Sub-
committee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Licensing and Credentialing Standards for Servicemembers and Veterans: Do Barriers Still Re-main?’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, September 10, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 692, the ‘‘Default Preven-tion Act’’; and H.R. 3442, the ‘‘Debt Management and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , September 10, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Cyber Threats’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE5.REC D08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D949 September 8, 2015 
Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through August 31, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 115 105 . . 
Time in session ................................... 738 hrs, 50 ′ 533 hrs, 28 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 6,436 5,788 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,211 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 10 39 49 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 2 2 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 266 331 597 
Senate bills .................................. 54 11 . . House bills .................................. 44 212 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 3 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 8 5 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 14 16 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 144 83 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... * 180 * 234 414 
Senate bills .................................. 136 2 . . House bills .................................. 19 184 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 24 44 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 17 5 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 129 46 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,289 3,984 6,273 
Bills ............................................. 2,000 3,441 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 21 64 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 20 72 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 248 407 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 6 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 262 187 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 301 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 2 . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through August 31, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 286, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 87 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 192 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 7 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 2,466, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,997 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 468 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Air Force nominations, totaling 4,897, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,435 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,461 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Army nominations, totaling 1,708, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,700 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 8 
Navy nominations, totaling 1,952, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,950 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,064, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,064 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 12,373 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 10,233 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,131 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 9 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\D08SE5.REC D08SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD950 September 8, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Wednesday, September 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.J. Res. 61, Hire More Heroes Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, September 9 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Begin consideration of H.J. 
Res. 64—Disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bass, Karen, Calif., E1229 
Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va. E1219 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1220, E1224 Brooks, Mo, Ala., E1233 Carson, Andre ´, Ind., E1222 
Castor, Kathy, Fla., E1226 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1233 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1231 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1221, E1232, E1233, E1234 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick‘‘, Ark., E1214 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1229 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1214 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1221, E1227, E1232 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1238 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E1215 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E1218 
Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E1224 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1230, E1231, E1232, E1233, 
E1234 
Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1216, E1217 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E1217 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1214, E1215, E1216 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1222, E1225, E1227, E1235 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1237 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1220, E1226, E1227, E1230 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1231 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1220, E1224 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1213, E1215 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1216 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1223 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1221, E1225, E1227 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1236 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E1218 
Miller, Candice S., Mich., E1213, E1237 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1217, E1218, E1219 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1234 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1237 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1233 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1219 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1229 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1226 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1223 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1230 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1213, E1214 Whitfield, Ed, Ky., E1237 Young, David, Iowa, E1223, E1225, E1226, E1227, E1229, 
E1230, E1231, E1232, E1233, E1234 
Young, Todd C., Ind., E1223 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08SE5.REC D08SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST